item 1a.   risk factors each of the registrants operates in a market and regulatory environment that poses significant risks, many of which are beyond that registrant's control. management of each registrant regularly meets with the chief risk officer and the registrant's risk management committee (rmc), which comprises officers of the registrant, to identify and evaluate the most significant risks of the registrant's business and the appropriate steps to manage and mitigate those risks. the chief risk officer and senior executives of the registrants discuss those risks with the finance and risk committee and audit committee of the exelon board of directors and the comed, peco, bge and phi boards of directors. in addition, the generation oversight committee of the exelon board of directors evaluates risks related to the generation business. the risk factors discussed below could adversely affect one or more of the registrants' results of operations, cash flows or financial positions and the market prices of their publicly traded securities. each of the registrants has disclosed the known material risks that affect its business at this time. however, there may be further risks and uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not currently believed by a registrant to be material that could adversely affect its performance or financial condition in the future.
exelon's results of operations, cash flows and financial position are affected to a significant degree by: (1) generation's position as a predominantly nuclear generator selling power into competitive energy markets with a concentration in select regions and (2) the role of the utility registrants as operators of electric transmission and distribution systems in six of the largest metropolitan areas in the united states. factors that affect the results of operations, cash flows or financial positions of the registrants fall primarily under the following categories, all of which are discussed in further detail below:
•   market and financial factors. exelon's and generation's results of operations are affected by price fluctuations in the energy markets. power prices are a function of supply and demand, which in turn are driven by factors such as (1) the price of fuels, in particular the price of natural gas, which affects the prices that generation can obtain for the output of its power plants, (2) the presence of other generation resources in the markets in which generation's output is sold, (3) the demand for electricity in the markets where the registrants conduct their business, (4) the impacts of on-going competition in the retail channel and (5) emerging technologies.
•   regulatory and legislative factors. the regulatory and legislative factors that affect the registrants include changes to the laws and regulations that govern competitive markets and utility cost recovery, tax policy, zero emission credit programs and environmental policy. in particular, exelon's and generation's financial performance could be affected by changes in the design of competitive wholesale power markets or generation's ability to sell power in those markets. in addition, potential regulation and legislation, including regulation or legislation regarding climate change and renewable portfolio standards (rps), could have significant effects on the registrants. also, returns for the utility registrants are influenced significantly by state regulation and regulatory proceedings.
•   operational factors. the registrants' operational performance is subject to those factors inherent in running the nation's largest fleet of nuclear power reactors and large electric and gas distribution systems. the safe, secure and effective operation of the nuclear facilities and the ability to effectively manage the associated decommissioning obligations as well as the ability to maintain the availability, reliability, safety and security of its energy delivery systems are fundamental to exelon's ability to achieve value-added growth for customers, communities and shareholders. additionally, the operating costs of the registrants and the opinions of their customers, regulators and shareholders are affected by those companies' ability to maintain the reliability, safety and efficiency of their energy delivery systems.
36
•   risks related to the phi merger. exelon is subject to additional risks related to the merger with phi, which closed on march 23, 2016.
a discussion of each of these risk categories and other risk factors is included below.
market and financial factors generation is exposed to depressed prices in the wholesale and retail power markets, which could negatively affect its results of operations, cash flows or financial position (exelon and generation).
generation is exposed to commodity price risk for the unhedged portion of its electricity generation supply portfolio. generation's earnings and cash flows are therefore exposed to variability of spot and forward market prices in the markets in which it operates.
price of fuels the spot market price of electricity for each hour is generally determined by the marginal cost of supplying the next unit of electricity to the market during that hour. thus, the market price of power is affected by the market price of the marginal fuel used to generate the electricity unit. often, the next unit of electricity will be supplied from generating stations fueled by fossil fuels. consequently, changes in the market price of fossil fuels often result in comparable changes to the market price of power. for example, the use of technologies to recover natural gas from shale deposits has increased natural gas supply and reserves, placing downward pressure on natural gas prices and, therefore, on power prices. the continued addition of supply from new alternative generation resources, such as wind and solar, whether mandated through rps or otherwise subsidized or encouraged through climate legislation or regulation, could displace a higher marginal cost plant, further reducing power prices. in addition, further delay or elimination of epa air quality regulations could prolong the duration for which the cost of pollution from fossil fuel generation is not factored into market prices.
demand and supply the market price for electricity is also affected by changes in the demand for electricity and the available supply of electricity. unfavorable economic conditions, milder than normal weather, and the growth of energy efficiency and demand response programs could each depress demand. the result is that higher-cost generating resources do not run as frequently, putting downward pressure on electricity market prices. the tepid economic environment in recent years and growing energy efficiency and demand response initiatives have limited the demand for electricity in generation's markets. in addition, in some markets, the supply of electricity through wind or solar generation, when combined with other base-load generation such as nuclear, could often exceed demand during some hours of the day, resulting in loss of revenue for base-load generating plants such as exelon's nuclear plants. increased supply in excess of demand is furthered by the continuation of rps mandates and subsidies for renewable energy.
retail competition generation's retail operations compete for customers in a competitive environment, which affects the margins that generation can earn and the volumes that it is able to serve. in periods of sustained low natural gas and power prices and low market volatility, retail competitors can aggressively pursue market share because the barriers to entry can be low and wholesale generators (including generation) use their retail operations to hedge generation output. increased or more aggressive competition could adversely affect overall gross margins and profitability in generation's retail operations.
sustained low market prices or depressed demand and over-supply could adversely affect exelon's and generation's results of operations, cash flows or financial positions and such impacts could be
37
emphasized given generation's concentration of base-load electric generating capacity within primarily two geographic market regions, namely the midwest and the mid-atlantic. these impacts could adversely affect exelon's and generation's ability to fund regulated utility growth for the benefit of customers, reduce debt and provide attractive shareholder returns. in addition, such conditions may no longer support the continued operation of certain generating facilities, which could adversely affect exelon's and generation's result of operations through accelerated depreciation expense, impairment charges related to inventory that cannot be used at other nuclear units and cancellation of in-flight capital projects, accelerated amortization of plant specific nuclear fuel costs, severance costs, accelerated asset retirement obligation expense related to future decommissioning activities, and additional funding of decommissioning costs, which can be offset in whole or in part by reduced operating and maintenance expenses. a slow recovery in market conditions could result in a prolonged depression of or further decline in commodity prices, including low forward natural gas and power prices and low market volatility, which could also adversely affect exelon's and generation's results of operations, cash flows or financial positions. see note 8 - early nuclear plant retirements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
in addition to price fluctuations, generation is exposed to other risks in the power markets that are beyond its control and could negatively affect its results of operations (exelon and generation).
credit risk in the bilateral markets, generation is exposed to the risk that counterparties that owe generation money, or are obligated to purchase energy or fuel from generation, will not perform under their obligations for operational or financial reasons. in the event the counterparties to these arrangements fail to perform, generation could be forced to purchase or sell energy or fuel in the wholesale markets at less favorable prices and incur additional losses, to the extent of amounts, if any, already paid to the counterparties. in the spot markets, generation is exposed to risk as a result of default sharing mechanisms that exist within certain markets, primarily rtos and isos, the purpose of which is to spread such risk across all market participants. generation is also a party to agreements with entities in the energy sector that have experienced rating downgrades or other financial difficulties. in addition, generation's retail sales subject it to credit risk through competitive electricity and natural gas supply activities to serve commercial and industrial companies, governmental entities and residential customers. retail credit risk results when customers default on their contractual obligations. this risk represents the loss that could be incurred due to the nonpayment of a customer's account balance, as well as the loss from the resale of energy previously committed to serve the customer.
market designs the wholesale markets vary from region to region with distinct rules, practices and procedures. changes in these market rules, problems with rule implementation, or failure of any of these markets could adversely affect generation's business. in addition, a significant decrease in market participation could affect market liquidity and have a detrimental effect on market stability.
the registrants are potentially affected by emerging technologies that could over time affect or transform the energy industry, including technologies related to energy generation, distribution and consumption (all registrants).
some of these technologies include, but are not limited to, further development or applications of technologies related to shale gas production, cost-effective renewable energy technologies, energy efficiency, distributed generation and energy storage devices. such developments could affect the price of energy, levels of customer-owned generation, customer expectations and current business models and make portions of our electric system power supply and transmission and/or distribution facilities
38
obsolete prior to the end of their useful lives. such technologies could also result in further declines in commodity prices or demand for delivered energy. each of these factors could materially affect the registrants' results of operations, cash flows or financial positions through, among other things, reduced operating revenues, increased operating and maintenance expenses, and increased capital expenditures, as well as potential asset impairment charges or accelerated depreciation and decommissioning expenses over shortened remaining asset useful lives.
market performance and other factors could decrease the value of ndt funds and employee benefit plan assets and could increase the related employee benefit plan obligations, which then could require significant additional funding (all registrants).
disruptions in the capital markets and their actual or perceived effects on particular businesses and the greater economy could adversely affect the value of the investments held within generation's ndts and exelon's employee benefit plan trusts. the registrants have significant obligations in these areas and exelon and generation hold substantial assets in these trusts to meet those obligations. the asset values are subject to market fluctuations and will yield uncertain returns, which could fall below the registrants' projected return rates. a decline in the market value of the ndt fund investments could increase generation's funding requirements to decommission its nuclear plants. a decline in the market value of the pension and opeb plan assets will increase the funding requirements associated with exelon's pension and opeb plan obligations. additionally, exelon's pension and opeb plan liabilities are sensitive to changes in interest rates. as interest rates decrease, the liabilities increase, potentially increasing benefit costs and funding requirements. changes in demographics, including increased numbers of retirements or changes in life expectancy assumptions or changes to social security or medicare eligibility requirements could also increase the costs and funding requirements of the obligations related to the pension and opeb plans. if future increases in pension and other postretirement costs as a result of reduced plan assets or other factors cannot be recovered, or cannot be recovered in a timely manner, from the utility registrants' customers, the results of operations, cash flows or financial positions of the utility registrants could be negatively affected. ultimately, if the registrants are unable to manage the investments within the ndt funds and benefit plan assets, and are unable to manage the related benefit plan liabilities, their results of operations, cash flows or financial positions could be negatively impacted.
unstable capital and credit markets and increased volatility in commodity markets could adversely affect the registrants' businesses in several ways, including the availability and cost of short-term funds for liquidity requirements, the registrants' ability to meet long-term commitments, generation's ability to hedge effectively its generation portfolio, and the competitiveness and liquidity of energy markets; each could negatively impact the registrants' results of operations, cash flows or financial positions (all registrants).
the registrants rely on the capital markets, particularly for publicly offered debt, as well as the banking and commercial paper markets, to meet their financial commitments and short-term liquidity needs if internal funds are not available from the registrants' respective operations. disruptions in the capital and credit markets in the united states or abroad could adversely affect the registrants' ability to access the capital markets or draw on their respective bank revolving credit facilities. the registrants' access to funds under their credit facilities depends on the ability of the banks that are parties to the facilities to meet their funding commitments. those banks may not be able to meet their funding commitments to the registrants if they experience shortages of capital and liquidity or if they experience excessive volumes of borrowing requests from the registrants and other borrowers within a short period of time. the inability to access capital markets or credit facilities, and longer-term disruptions in the capital and credit markets as a result of uncertainty, changing or increased regulation, reduced alternatives or failures of significant financial institutions could result in the deferral of discretionary capital
39
expenditures, changes to generation's hedging strategy in order to reduce collateral posting requirements, or a reduction in dividend payments or other discretionary uses of cash.
in addition, the registrants have exposure to worldwide financial markets, including europe, canada and asia. disruptions in these markets could reduce or restrict the registrants' ability to secure sufficient liquidity or secure liquidity at reasonable terms. as of december 31, 2017, approximately 19%, or $1.8 billion, 19%, or $1.8 billion, and 17%, or $1.6 billion of the registrants' available credit facilities were with european, canadian and asian banks, respectively. the credit facilities include $9.5 billion in aggregate total commitments of which $8.3 billion was available as of december 31, 2017. as of december 31, 2017, there were no borrowings under generation's bilateral credit facilities. see note 13 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the credit facilities.
the strength and depth of competition in energy markets depend heavily on active participation by multiple trading parties, which could be adversely affected by disruptions in the capital and credit markets and legislative and regulatory initiatives that could affect participants in commodities transactions. reduced capital and liquidity and failures of significant institutions that participate in the energy markets could diminish the liquidity and competitiveness of energy markets that are important to the respective businesses of the registrants. perceived weaknesses in the competitive strength of the energy markets could lead to pressures for greater regulation of those markets or attempts to replace market structures with other mechanisms for the sale of power, including the requirement of long-term contracts, which could have a material adverse effect on exelon's and generation's results of operations, cash flows or financial positions.
if any of the registrants were to experience a downgrade in its credit ratings to below investment grade or otherwise fail to satisfy the credit standards in its agreements with its counterparties, it would be required to provide significant amounts of collateral under its agreements with counterparties and could experience higher borrowing costs (all registrants).
generation's business is subject to credit quality standards that could require market participants to post collateral for their obligations. if generation were to be downgraded or lose its investment grade credit rating (based on its senior unsecured debt rating) or otherwise fail to satisfy the credit standards of trading counterparties, it would be required under its hedging arrangements to provide collateral in the form of letters of credit or cash, which could have a material adverse effect upon its liquidity. the amount of collateral required to be provided by generation at any point in time depends on a variety of factors, including (1) the notional amount of the applicable hedge, (2) the nature of counterparty and related agreements, and (3) changes in power or other commodity prices. in addition, if generation were downgraded, it could experience higher borrowing costs as a result of the downgrade. generation could experience a downgrade in its ratings if any of the credit rating agencies concludes that the level of business or financial risk and overall creditworthiness of the power generation industry in general, or generation in particular, has deteriorated. changes in ratings methodologies by the credit rating agencies could also have a negative impact on the ratings of generation. generation has project-specific financing arrangements and must meet the requirements of various agreements relating to those financings.  failure to meet those arrangements could give rise to a project-specific financing default which, if not cured or waived, could result in the specific project being required to repay the associated debt or other borrowings earlier than otherwise anticipated, and if such repayment were not made, the lenders or security holders would generally have broad remedies, including rights to foreclose against the project assets and related collateral or to force the exelon subsidiaries in the project-specific financings to enter into bankruptcy proceedings.
the utility registrants' operating agreements with pjm and peco's, bge's and dpl's natural gas procurement contracts contain collateral provisions that are affected by their credit rating and market
40
prices. if certain wholesale market conditions were to exist and the utility registrants were to lose their investment grade credit ratings (based on their senior unsecured debt ratings), they would be required to provide collateral in the forms of letters of credit or cash, which could have a material adverse effect upon their remaining sources of liquidity. pjm collateral posting requirements will generally increase as market prices rise and decrease as market prices fall. collateral posting requirements for peco, bge and dpl, with respect to their natural gas supply contracts, will generally increase as forward market prices fall and decrease as forward market prices rise. given the relationship to forward market prices, contract collateral requirements can be volatile. in addition, if the utility registrants were downgraded, they could experience higher borrowing costs as a result of the downgrade.
a utility registrant could experience a downgrade in its ratings if any of the credit rating agencies concludes that the level of business or financial risk and overall creditworthiness of the utility industry in general, or a utility registrant in particular, has deteriorated. a utility registrant could experience a downgrade if its current regulatory environment becomes less predictable by materially lowering returns for the utility registrant or adopting other measures to limit utility rates. additionally, the ratings for a utility registrant could be downgraded if its financial results are weakened from current levels due to weaker operating performance or due to a failure to properly manage its capital structure. in addition, changes in ratings methodologies by the agencies could also have a negative impact on the ratings of the utility registrants.
the utility registrants conduct their respective businesses and operate under governance models and other arrangements and procedures intended to assure that the utility registrants are treated as separate, independent companies, distinct from exelon and other exelon subsidiaries in order to isolate the utility registrants from exelon and other exelon subsidiaries in the event of financial difficulty at exelon or another exelon subsidiary. these measures (commonly referred to as "ring-fencing") could help avoid or limit a downgrade in the credit ratings of the utility registrants in the event of a reduction in the credit rating of exelon. despite these ring-fencing measures, the credit ratings of the utility registrants could remain linked, to some degree, to the credit ratings of exelon. consequently, a reduction in the credit rating of exelon could result in a reduction of the credit rating of some or all of the utility registrants. a reduction in the credit rating of a utility registrant could have a material adverse effect on the utility registrant.
see item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - liquidity and capital resources - credit matters - market conditions and security ratings for further information regarding the potential impacts of credit downgrades on the registrants' cash flows.
generation's financial performance could be negatively affected by price volatility, availability and other risk factors associated with the procurement of nuclear and fossil fuel (exelon and generation).
generation depends on nuclear fuel and fossil fuels to operate most of its generating facilities. nuclear fuel is obtained predominantly through long-term uranium supply contracts, contracted conversion services, contracted enrichment services, or a combination thereof, and contracted fuel fabrication services. natural gas and oil are procured for generating plants through annual, short-term and spot-market purchases. the supply markets for nuclear fuel, natural gas and oil are subject to price fluctuations, availability restrictions and counterparty default that could negatively affect the results of operations, cash flows or financial position for generation.
41
generation's risk management policies cannot fully eliminate the risk associated with its commodity trading activities (exelon and generation).
generation's asset-based power position as well as its power marketing, fuel procurement and other commodity trading activities expose generation to risks of commodity price movements. generation buys and sells energy and other products and enters into financial contracts to manage risk and hedge various positions in generation's power generation portfolio. generation is exposed to volatility in financial results for unhedged positions as well as the risk of ineffective hedges. generation attempts to manage this exposure through enforcement of established risk limits and risk management procedures. these risk limits and risk management procedures may not work as planned and cannot eliminate all risks associated with these activities. even when its policies and procedures are followed, and decisions are made based on projections and estimates of future performance, results of operations could be diminished if the judgments and assumptions underlying those decisions prove to be incorrect. factors, such as future prices and demand for power and other energy-related commodities, become more difficult to predict and the calculations become less reliable the further into the future estimates are made. as a result, generation cannot predict the impact that its commodity trading activities and risk management decisions could have on its business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position.
financial performance and load requirements could be adversely affected if generation is unable to effectively manage its power portfolio (exelon and generation).
a significant portion of generation's power portfolio is used to provide power under procurement contracts with the utility registrants and other customers. to the extent portions of the power portfolio are not needed for that purpose, generation's output is sold in the wholesale power markets. to the extent its power portfolio is not sufficient to meet the requirements of its customers under the related agreements, generation must purchase power in the wholesale power markets. generation's financial results could be negatively affected if it is unable to cost-effectively meet the load requirements of its customers, manage its power portfolio or effectively address the changes in the wholesale power markets.
challenges to tax positions taken by the registrants as well as tax law changes and the inherent difficulty in quantifying potential tax effects of business decisions, could impact the registrants' results of operations, cash flows or financial positions. (all registrants).
corporate tax reform on december 22, 2017, president trump signed into law the tcja. see note 14 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
while the registrants' current tax accounting and future expectations are based on management's present understanding of the provisions under the tcja, further interpretive guidance of the tcja's provisions could result in further adjustments that could have a material impact to the registrants' future results of operations, cash flows or financial positions.
in addition, as allowed under sec staff accounting bulletin no. 118 (sab 118), the registrants have recorded provisional income tax amounts as of december 31, 2017 for changes pursuant to the tcja related to depreciation for which the impacts could not be finalized upon issuance of the registrants' financial statements, but reasonable estimates could be determined.  however, the provisional amounts may change as the registrants finalize their analysis and computations and such changes could be material to the registrants' future results of operations, cash flows or financial positions.
the utility registrants have made their best estimate regarding the probability and timing of settlements of net regulatory liabilities established pursuant to the tcja. however, the amount and timing of the settlements may change based on decisions and actions by the rate regulators, which could
42
have a material impact on the utility registrants' future results of operations, cash flows or financial positions.
tax reserves the registrants are required to make judgments in order to estimate their obligations to taxing authorities. these tax obligations include income, real estate, sales and use and employment-related taxes and ongoing appeal issues related to these tax matters. these judgments include reserves established for potential adverse outcomes regarding tax positions that have been taken that could be subject to challenge by the tax authorities. see note 1 - significant accounting policies and note 14 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
increases in customer rates, including increases in the cost of purchased power and increases in natural gas prices for the utility registrants, and the impact of economic downturns could lead to greater expense for uncollectible customer balances. additionally, increased rates could lead to decreased volumes delivered. both of these factors could decrease generation's and the utility registrants' results from operations, cash flows or financial positions (all registrants).
the impacts of economic downturns on the utility registrants' customers, such as unemployment for residential customers and less demand for products and services provided by commercial and industrial customers, and the related regulatory limitations on residential service terminations, could result in an increase in the number of uncollectible customer balances', which would negatively affect the utility registrants' results of operations, cash flows or financial positions. generation's customer-facing energy delivery activities face similar economic downturn risks, such as lower volumes sold and increased expense for uncollectible customer balances which could negatively affect generation's results of operations, cash flows or financial position. see item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk for further discussion of the registrants' credit risk.
the utility registrants' current procurement plans include purchasing power through contracted suppliers and in the spot market. comed's, peco's and ace's costs of purchased power are charged to customers without a return or profit component. bge's, pepco's and dpl's sos rates charged to customers recover their wholesale power supply costs and include a return component. for peco and dpl, purchased natural gas costs are charged to customers with no return or profit component. for bge, purchased natural gas costs are charged to customers using a mbr mechanism that compares the actual cost of gas to a market index. the difference between the actual cost and the market index is shared equally between shareholders and customers. purchased power and natural gas prices fluctuate based on their relevant supply and demand. significantly higher rates related to purchased power and natural gas could result in declines in customer usage, lower revenues and potentially additional uncollectible accounts expense for the utility registrants. in addition, any challenges by the regulators or the utility registrants as to the recoverability of these costs could have a material adverse effect on the registrants' results of operations, cash flows or financial positions. also, the utility registrants' cash flows could be adversely affected by differences between the time period when electricity and natural gas are purchased and the ultimate recovery from customers.
the effects of weather could impact the registrants' results of operations, cash flows or financial positions (all registrants).
weather conditions directly influence the demand for electricity and natural gas and affect the price of energy commodities. temperatures above normal levels in the summer tend to increase summer cooling electricity demand and revenues, and temperatures below normal levels in the winter tend to increase winter heating electricity and gas demand and revenues. moderate temperatures adversely affect the usage of energy and resulting revenues at peco, dpl and ace. due to revenue decoupling,
43
bge, pepco and dpl maryland recognize revenues at mdpsc and dcpsc-approved levels per customer, regardless of what actual distribution volumes are for a billing period, and are not affected by actual weather with the exception of major storms. pursuant to the future energy jobs act (feja), beginning in 2017, customer rates for comed are adjusted to eliminate the favorable and unfavorable impacts of weather and customer usage patterns on distribution revenue.
extreme weather conditions or damage resulting from storms could stress the utility registrants' transmission and distribution systems, communication systems and technology, resulting in increased maintenance and capital costs and limiting each company's ability to meet peak customer demand. these extreme conditions could have detrimental effects on the utility registrants' results of operations, cash flows or financial positions. first and third quarter financial results, in particular, are substantially dependent on weather conditions, and could make period comparisons less relevant.
generation's operations are also affected by weather, which affects demand for electricity as well as operating conditions. to the extent that weather is warmer in the summer or colder in the winter than assumed, generation could require greater resources to meet its contractual commitments. extreme weather conditions or storms could affect the availability of generation and its transmission, limiting generation's ability to source or send power to where it is sold. in addition, drought-like conditions limiting water usage could impact generation's ability to run certain generating assets at full capacity. these conditions, which cannot be accurately predicted, could have an adverse effect by causing generation to seek additional capacity at a time when wholesale markets are tight or to seek to sell excess capacity at a time when markets are weak.
certain long-lived assets and other assets recorded on the registrants' statements of financial position could become impaired, which would result in write-offs of the impaired amounts (all registrants).
long-lived assets represent the single largest asset class on the registrants' statements of financial position. specifically, long-lived assets account for 64%, 51%, 70%, 79%, 84%, 77%, 82% and 79% of total assets for exelon, generation, comed, peco, bge, pepco, dpl and ace, respectively, as of december 31, 2017. in addition, exelon and generation have significant balances related to unamortized energy contracts, as further disclosed in note 10 - intangible assets of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements. the registrants evaluate the recoverability of the carrying value of long-lived assets to be held and used whenever events or circumstances indicating a potential impairment exist. factors such as the business climate, including current and future energy and market conditions, environmental regulation, and the condition of assets are considered when evaluating long-lived assets for potential impairment. an impairment would require the registrants to reduce the carrying value of the long-lived asset to fair value through a non-cash charge to expense by the amount of the impairment, and such an impairment could have a material adverse impact on the registrants' results of operations, cash flows or financial positions.
as of december 31, 2017, exelon's $6.7 billion carrying amount of goodwill primarily consists of $2.6 billion at comed relating to the acquisition of comed in 2000 upon the formation of exelon and $4.0 billion at phi primarily resulting from exelon's acquisition of phi in the first quarter of 2016. under gaap, goodwill remains at its recorded amount unless it is determined to be impaired, which is generally based upon an annual analysis that compares the implied fair value of the goodwill to its carrying value. if an impairment occurs, the amount of the impaired goodwill will be written-off to expense, which will also reduce equity. the actual timing and amounts of any goodwill impairments will depend on many sensitive, interrelated and uncertain variables. such an impairment would result in a non-cash charge to expense, which could have a material adverse impact on exelon's, comed's, and phi's results of operations.
44
regulatory actions or changes in significant assumptions, including discount and growth rates, utility sector market performance and transactions, projected operating and capital cash flows for comed's, pepco's, dpl's, and ace's business, and the fair value of debt, could potentially result in future impairments of exelon's, phi's, and comed's goodwill, which could be material.
see item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - critical accounting policies and estimates and note 6 - property, plant and equipment, note 7 - impairment of long-lived assets and intangibles and note 10 - intangible assets of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion on long-lived asset and goodwill impairments.
exelon and its subsidiaries at times guarantee the performance of third parties, which could result in substantial costs in the event of non-performance by such third parties. in addition, the registrants could have rights under agreements which obligate third parties to indemnify the registrants for various obligations, and the registrants could incur substantial costs in the event that the applicable registrant is unable to enforce those agreements or the applicable third-party is otherwise unable to perform. the registrants could also incur substantial costs in the event that third parties are entitled to indemnification related to environmental or other risks in connection with the acquisition and divestiture of assets (all registrants).
some of the registrants have issued guarantees of the performance of third parties, which obligate the registrant or its subsidiaries to perform in the event that the third parties do not perform. in the event of non-performance by those third parties, a registrant could incur substantial cost to fulfill its obligations under these guarantees. such performance guarantees could have a material impact on the results of operations, cash flows or financial position of the registrant. some of the registrants have issued indemnities to third parties regarding environmental or other matters in connection with purchases and sales of assets and a registrant could incur substantial costs to fulfill its obligations under these indemnities and such costs could adversely affect a registrant's results of operations, cash flows or financial position.
some of the registrants have entered into various agreements with counterparties that require those counterparties to reimburse a registrant and hold it harmless against specified obligations and claims. to the extent that any of these counterparties are affected by deterioration in their creditworthiness or the agreements are otherwise determined to be unenforceable, the affected registrant could be held responsible for the obligations, which could adversely impact that registrant's results of operations, cash flows or financial position. each of the utility registrants has transferred its former generation business to a third party and in each case the transferee may have agreed to assume certain obligations and to indemnify the applicable utility registrant for such obligations. in connection with the restructurings under which comed, peco and bge transferred their generating assets to generation, generation assumed certain of comed's, peco's and bge's rights and obligations with respect to their former generation businesses. further, comed, peco and bge may have entered into agreements with third parties under which the third-party agreed to indemnify comed, peco or bge for certain obligations related to their respective former generation businesses that have been assumed by generation as part of the restructuring. if the third-party, generation or the transferee of pepco's, dpl's or ace's generation facilities experienced events that reduced its creditworthiness or the indemnity arrangement became unenforceable, the applicable utility registrant could be liable for any existing or future claims, which could impact that utility registrant's results of operations, cash flows or financial position. in addition, the utility registrants may have residual liability under certain laws in connection with their former generation facilities. for example, under cercla, former owners of property may retain certain liability for environmental claims and remediation.  the third parties to whom the utility registrants transferred their former generation facilities may have agreed to indemnify the utility registrants for all or a portion
45
of such liability but if such third parties fail or are unable to perform under the indemnity, the applicable utility registrant may be liable for certain remediation costs.
regulatory and legislative factors the registrants' generation and energy delivery businesses are highly regulated and could be subject to regulatory and legislative actions that adversely affect their results of operations, cash flows or financial positions. fundamental changes in regulation or legislation or violation of tariffs or market rules and anti-manipulation laws, could disrupt the registrants' business plans and adversely affect their operations, cash flows or financial results (all registrants).
substantially all aspects of the businesses of the registrants are subject to comprehensive federal or state regulation and legislation. further, exelon's and generation's results of operations, cash flows or financial positions are significantly affected by generation's sales and purchases of commodities at market-based rates, as opposed to cost-based or other similarly regulated rates, and exelon's and the utility registrants' results of operations, cash flows or financial positions are heavily dependent on the ability of the utility registrants to recover their costs for the retail purchase and distribution of power and natural gas to their customers. similarly, there is risk that financial market regulations could increase the registrants' compliance costs and limit their ability to engage in certain transactions. in the planning and management of operations, the registrants must address the effects of regulation on their businesses and changes in the regulatory framework, including initiatives by federal and state legislatures, rtos, exchanges, ratemaking agencies and taxing authorities. additionally, the registrants need to be cognizant and understand rule changes or registrant actions that could result in potential violation of tariffs, market rules and anti-manipulation laws. fundamental changes in regulations or other adverse legislative actions affecting the registrants' businesses would require changes in their business planning models and operations and could negatively impact their respective results of operations, cash flows or financial positions.
state and federal regulatory and legislative developments related to emissions, climate change, tax reform, capacity market mitigation, energy price information, resilience, fuel diversity and rps could also significantly affect exelon's and generation's results of operations, cash flows or financial positions. various legislative and regulatory proposals to address climate change through ghg emission reductions, if enacted, could result in increased costs to entities that generate electricity through carbon-emitting fossil fuels, which could increase the market price at which all generators in a region, including generation, could sell their output, thereby increasing the revenue generation could realize from its low-carbon nuclear assets. conversely, existing or new regulations intended to reduce ghg emissions could be rolled back, allowing fossil fueled facilities which were otherwise scheduled to retire to continue to operate if economical. this could result in decreases in market prices thereby reducing generation's revenues. however, national regulation or legislation addressing climate change through an rps could also increase the pace of development of wind energy facilities in the midwest, which could put downward pressure on wholesale market prices for electricity from generation's midwest nuclear assets, partially offsetting any additional value exelon and generation might derive from generation's nuclear assets under a carbon constrained regulatory regime that might exist in the future. similarly, final regulations under section 111(d) of the clean air act may not provide sufficient incentives for states to utilize carbon-free nuclear power as a means of meeting ghg reduction requirements, while continuing a policy of favoring renewable energy sources. current state level climate change and renewable regulation is already providing incentives for regional wind development. the registrants cannot predict when or whether any of these various legislative and regulatory proposals could become law or what their effect will be on the registrants.
46
legislative and regulatory efforts in illinois and new york to preserve the environmental attributes and reliability benefits of zero-emission nuclear-powered generating facilities through zero emission credit programs are subject to legal challenges and, if overturned, could negatively impact exelon's and generation's results of operations, cash flows or financial positions and result in the early retirement of certain of generation's nuclear plants.
generation could be negatively affected by possible federal or state legislative or regulatory actions that could affect the scope and functioning of the wholesale markets (exelon and generation).
federal and state legislative and regulatory bodies are facing pressures to address consumer concerns, or are themselves raising concerns, that energy prices in wholesale markets are too high or insufficient generation is being built because the competitive model is not working and, therefore, are considering some form of re-regulation or some other means of reducing wholesale market prices or subsidizing new generation. generation is dependent on robust and competitive wholesale energy markets to achieve its business objectives.
approximately 61% of generation's generating resources, which include directly owned assets and capacity obtained through long-term contracts, are located in the area encompassed by pjm. generation's future results of operations will depend on (1) ferc's continued adherence to and support for, policies that favor the preservation of competitive wholesale power markets and recognize the value of zero-carbon electricity and resiliency and (2) the absence of material changes to market structures that would limit or otherwise negatively affect market competition. generation could also be adversely affected by state laws, regulations or initiatives designed to reduce wholesale prices artificially below competitive levels or to subsidize existing or new generation.
ferc's requirements for market-based rate authority, established in order 697 and 816 and related subsequent orders, could pose a risk that generation may no longer satisfy ferc's tests for market-based rates. since order 697 became final in june 2007, generation has obtained orders affirming generation's authority to sell at market-based rates and none denying that authority.
the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act (the act) was enacted in july 2010. the part of the act that affects exelon most significantly is title vii, which is known as the dodd-frank wall street transparency and accountability act (dodd-frank). dodd-frank requires a new regulatory regime for over-the-counter swaps (swaps), including mandatory clearing for certain categories of swaps, incentives to shift swap activity to exchange trading, margin and capital requirements, and other obligations designed to promote transparency. the primary aim of dodd-frank is to regulate the key intermediaries in the swaps market, which entities are swap dealers (sds), major swap participants (msps), or certain other financial entities, but the law also applies to a lesser degree to end-users of swaps. the cftc's dodd-frank regulations generally preserved the ability of end users in the energy industry to hedge their risks using swaps without being subject to mandatory clearing, and many of the other substantive regulations that apply to sds, msps, and other financial entities. generation manages, and expects to be able to continue to manage, its commercial activity to ensure that it does not have to register as an sd or msp or other type of covered financial entity.
there are some rulemaking proceedings that have not yet been finalized, in particular, proposed rules on position limits that would apply to both exchange-traded futures contracts and economically-equivalent over-the-counter swaps. it is possible that those rules will be finalized by the end of 2018. although the company would incur some costs associated with monitoring and compliance with such rules, it does not expect the rules to have a material impact on its business operations.
the utility registrants could also be subject to some dodd-frank requirements to the extent they were to enter into swaps. however, at this time, management of the utility registrants continue to expect that their companies will not be materially affected by dodd-frank.
47
generation's affiliation with the utility registrants, together with the presence of a substantial percentage of generation's physical asset base within the utility registrants' service territories, could increase generation's cost of doing business to the extent future complaints or challenges regarding the utility registrants' retail rates result in settlements or legislative or regulatory requirements funded in part by generation (exelon and generation).
generation has significant generating resources within the service areas of the utility registrants and makes significant sales to each of them. those facts tend to cause generation to be directly affected by developments in those markets. government officials, legislators and advocacy groups are aware of generation's affiliation with the utility registrants and its sales to each of them. in periods of rising utility rates, particularly when driven by increased costs of energy production and supply, those officials and advocacy groups could question or challenge costs and transactions incurred by the utility registrants with generation, irrespective of any previous regulatory processes or approvals underlying those transactions. these challenges could increase the time, complexity and cost of the associated regulatory proceedings, and the occurrence of such challenges could subject generation to a level of scrutiny not faced by other unaffiliated competitors in those markets. in addition, government officials and legislators could seek ways to force generation to contribute to efforts to mitigate potential or actual rate increases, through measures such as generation-based taxes and contributions to rate-relief packages.
the registrants could incur substantial costs to fulfill their obligations related to environmental and other matters (all registrants).
the businesses which the registrants operate are subject to extensive environmental regulation and legislation by local, state and federal authorities. these laws and regulations affect the manner in which the registrants conduct their operations and make capital expenditures including how they handle air and water emissions and solid waste disposal. violations of these emission and disposal requirements could subject the registrants to enforcement actions, capital expenditures to bring existing facilities into compliance, additional operating costs for remediation and clean-up costs, civil penalties and exposure to third parties' claims for alleged health or property damages or operating restrictions to achieve compliance. in addition, the registrants are subject to liability under these laws for the remediation costs for environmental contamination of property now or formerly owned by the registrants and of property contaminated by hazardous substances they generate. the registrants have incurred and expect to incur significant costs related to environmental compliance, site remediation and clean-up. remediation activities associated with mgp operations conducted by predecessor companies are one component of such costs. also, the registrants are currently involved in a number of proceedings relating to sites where hazardous substances have been deposited and could be subject to additional proceedings in the future.
if application of section 316(b) of the clean water act, which establishes a national requirement for reducing the adverse impacts to aquatic organisms at existing generating stations, requires the retrofitting of cooling water intake structures at salem or other exelon power plants, this development could result in material costs of compliance. see note 23 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
additionally, generation is subject to exposure for asbestos-related personal injury liability alleged at certain current and formerly owned generation facilities. future legislative action could require generation to make a material contribution to a fund to settle lawsuits for alleged asbestos-related disease and exposure.
in some cases, a third-party who has acquired assets from a registrant has assumed the liability the registrant could otherwise have for environmental matters related to the transferred property. if the transferee is unable, or fails, to discharge the assumed liability, a regulatory authority or injured person
48
could attempt to hold the registrant responsible, and the registrant's remedies against the transferee could be limited by the financial resources of the transferee. see note 23 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
changes in the utility registrants' respective terms and conditions of service, including their respective rates, are subject to regulatory approval proceedings and/or negotiated settlements that are at times contentious, lengthy and subject to appeal, which lead to uncertainty as to the ultimate result and which could introduce time delays in effectuating rate changes (exelon and the utility registrants).
the utility registrants are required to engage in regulatory approval proceedings as a part of the process of establishing the terms and rates for their respective services. these proceedings typically involve multiple parties, including governmental bodies and officials, consumer advocacy groups and various consumers of energy, who have differing concerns but who have the common objective of limiting rate increases or even reducing rates. the proceedings generally have timelines that may not be limited by statute. decisions are subject to appeal, potentially leading to additional uncertainty associated with the approval proceedings. the potential duration of such proceedings creates a risk that rates ultimately approved by the applicable regulatory body may not be sufficient for a utility registrant to recover its costs by the time the rates become effective. established rates are also subject to subsequent prudency reviews by state regulators, whereby various portions of rates could be adjusted, subject to refund or disallowed, including recovery mechanisms for costs associated with the procurement of electricity or gas, bad debt, mgp remediation, smart grid infrastructure, and energy efficiency and demand response programs.
in certain instances, the utility registrants could agree to negotiated settlements related to various rate matters, customer initiatives or franchise agreements. these settlements are subject to regulatory approval.
the utility registrants cannot predict the ultimate outcomes of any settlements or the actions by illinois, pennsylvania, maryland, the district of columbia, delaware, new jersey or federal regulators in establishing rates, including the extent, if any, to which certain costs such as significant capital projects will be recovered or what rates of return will be allowed. nevertheless, the expectation is that the utility registrants will continue to be obligated to deliver electricity to customers in their respective service territories and will also retain significant default service obligations, referred to as polr, dsp, sos and bgs, to provide electricity and natural gas to certain groups of customers in their respective service areas who do not choose an alternative supplier. the ultimate outcome and timing of regulatory rate proceedings have a significant effect on the ability of the utility registrants, as applicable, to recover their costs or earn an adequate return and could have a material adverse effect on the utility registrants' results of operations, cash flows or financial positions. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding rate proceedings.
federal or additional state rps and/or energy conservation legislation, along with energy conservation by customers, could negatively affect the results of operations, cash flows or financial positions of generation and the utility registrants (all registrants).
changes to current state legislation or the development of federal legislation that requires the use of renewable and alternate fuel sources, such as wind, solar, biomass and geothermal, could significantly impact generation and the utility registrants, especially if timely cost recovery is not allowed for utility registrants. the impact could include increased costs for recs and purchased power and increased rates for customers.
49
federal and state legislation mandating the implementation of energy conservation programs that require the implementation of new technologies, such as smart meters and smart grid, have increased capital expenditures and could significantly impact the utility registrants if timely cost recovery is not allowed. furthermore, regulated energy consumption reduction targets and declines in customer energy consumption resulting from the implementation of new energy conservation technologies could lead to a decline in the revenues of exelon, generation and the utility registrants. for additional information, see item 1. business - environmental regulation - renewable and alternative energy portfolio standards.
the impact of not meeting the criteria of the fasb guidance for accounting for the effects of certain types of regulation could be material to exelon and the utility registrants (exelon and the utility registrants).
as of december 31, 2017, exelon and the utility registrants have concluded that the operations of the utility registrants meet the criteria of the authoritative guidance for accounting for the effects of certain types of regulation. if it is concluded in a future period that a separable portion of their businesses no longer meets the criteria, exelon, and the utility registrants would be required to eliminate the financial statement effects of regulation for that part of their business. that action would include the elimination of any or all regulatory assets and liabilities that had been recorded in their consolidated balance sheets and the recognition of a one-time charge in their consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. the impact of not meeting the criteria of the authoritative guidance could be material to the financial statements of exelon and the utility registrants. the impacts and resolution of the above items could lead to an impairment of comed's or phi's goodwill, which could be significant and at least partially offset the gains at comed discussed above. a significant decrease in equity as a result of any changes could limit the ability of the utility registrants to pay dividends under federal and state law and no longer meeting the regulatory accounting criteria could cause significant volatility in future results of operations. see notes 1 - significant accounting policies, 3 - regulatory matters and 10 - intangible assets of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding accounting for the effects of regulation, regulatory matters and comed's and phi's goodwill, respectively.
exelon and generation could incur material costs of compliance if federal and/or state regulation or legislation is adopted to address climate change (exelon and generation).
various stakeholders, including legislators and regulators, shareholders and non-governmental organizations, as well as other companies in many business sectors, including utilities, are considering ways to address the effect of ghg emissions on climate change. if carbon reduction regulation or legislation becomes effective, exelon and generation could incur costs either to limit further the ghg emissions from their operations or to procure emission allowance credits. for example, a federal rps could increase the cost of compliance by mandating the purchase or construction of more expensive supply alternatives. for more information regarding climate change, see item 1. business - global climate change and note 23 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
the registrants could be subject to higher costs and/or penalties related to mandatory reliability standards, including the likely exposure of the utility registrants to the results of pjm's rtep and nerc compliance requirements (all registrants).
as a result of the energy policy act of 2005, users, owners and operators of the bulk power transmission system, including generation and the utility registrants, are subject to mandatory reliability standards promulgated by nerc and enforced by ferc. as operators of natural gas distribution systems, peco, bge and dpl are also subject to mandatory reliability standards of the u.s. department of transportation. the standards are based on the functions that need to be performed to ensure the
50
bulk power system operates reliably and are guided by reliability and market interface principles. compliance with or changes in the reliability standards could subject the registrants to higher operating costs and/or increased capital expenditures. in addition, the icc, papuc, mdpsc, dcpsc, dpsc and njbpu impose certain distribution reliability standards on the utility registrants. if the registrants were found not to be in compliance with the mandatory reliability standards, they could be subject to remediation costs as well as sanctions, which could include substantial monetary penalties.
the utility registrants as transmission owners are subject to nerc compliance requirements. nerc provides guidance to transmission owners regarding assessments of transmission lines. the results of these assessments could require the utility registrants to incur incremental capital or operating and maintenance expenditures to ensure their transmission lines meet nerc standards.
see note 3 - regulatory matters and note 23 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
the registrants could be subject to adverse publicity and reputational risks, which make them vulnerable to negative customer perception and could lead to increased regulatory oversight or other consequences (all registrants).
the registrants have large consumer customer bases and as a result could be the subject of public criticism focused on the operability of their assets and infrastructure and quality of their service. adverse publicity of this nature could render legislatures and other governing bodies, public service commissions and other regulatory authorities, and government officials less likely to view energy companies such as exelon and its subsidiaries in a favorable light, and could cause exelon and its subsidiaries to be susceptible to less favorable legislative and regulatory outcomes, as well as increased regulatory oversight and more stringent legislative or regulatory requirements (e.g. disallowances of costs, lower roes). the imposition of any of the foregoing could have a material negative impact on the registrants' business, results of operations, cash flows or financial positions.
the registrants cannot predict the outcome of the legal proceedings relating to their business activities. an adverse determination could negatively impact their results of operations, cash flows or financial positions (all registrants).
the registrants are involved in legal proceedings, claims and litigation arising out of their business operations, the most significant of which are summarized in note 23 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements. adverse outcomes in these proceedings could require significant expenditures, result in lost revenue or restrict existing business activities, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the registrants' results of operations, cash flows or financial positions.
generation could be negatively affected by possible nuclear regulatory commission actions that could affect the operations and profitability of its nuclear generating fleet (exelon and generation).
regulatory risk a change in the atomic energy act or the applicable regulations or licenses could require a substantial increase in capital expenditures or could result in increased operating or decommissioning costs and significantly affect generation's results of operations, cash flows or financial position. events at nuclear plants owned by others, as well as those owned by generation, could cause the nrc to initiate such actions.
51
spent nuclear fuel storage the approval of a national repository for the storage of snf, such as the one previously considered at yucca mountain, nevada, and the timing of such facility opening, will significantly affect the costs associated with storage of snf, and the ultimate amounts received from the doe to reimburse generation for these costs. the nrc's temporary storage rule (also referred to as the "waste confidence decision") recognizes that licensees can safely store snf at nuclear power plants for up to 60 years beyond the original and renewed licensed operating life of the plants.
any regulatory action relating to the timing and availability of a repository for snf could adversely affect generation's ability to decommission fully its nuclear units. through may 15, 2014, in accordance with the nwpa and generation's contract with the doe, generation paid the doe a fee per kwh of net nuclear generation for the cost of snf disposal. this fee was discontinued effective may 16, 2014. until such time as a new fee structure is in effect, exelon and generation will not accrue any further costs related to snf disposal fees. generation cannot predict what, if any, fee will be established in the future for snf disposal. however, such a fee could be material to generation's results of operations, cash flows or financial position. generation currently estimates 2030 to be the earliest date when the doe will begin accepting snf, which could be delayed by further regulatory action. see note 23 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the snf obligation.
operational factors the registrants' employees, contractors, customers and the general public could be exposed to a risk of injury due to the nature of the energy industry (all registrants).
employees and contractors throughout the organization work in, and customers and the general public could be exposed to, potentially dangerous environments near their operations. as a result, employees, contractors, customers and the general public are at some risk for serious injury, including loss of life. these risks include nuclear accidents, dam failure, gas explosions, pole strikes and electric contact cases.
natural disasters, war, acts and threats of terrorism, pandemic and other significant events could negatively impact the registrants' results of operations, their ability to raise capital and their future growth (all registrants).
generation's fleet of power plants and the utility registrants' distribution and transmission infrastructures could be affected by natural disasters, such as seismic activity, fires resulting from natural causes such as lightning, extreme weather events, changes in temperature and precipitation patterns, changes to ground and surface water availability, sea level rise and other related phenomena. severe weather or other natural disasters could be destructive, which could result in increased costs, including supply chain costs. an extreme weather event within the registrants' service areas can also directly affect their capital assets, causing disruption in service to customers due to downed wires and poles or damage to other operating equipment.
natural disasters and other significant events increase the risk to generation that the nrc or other regulatory or legislative bodies could change the laws or regulations governing, among other things, operations, maintenance, licensed lives, decommissioning, snf storage, insurance, emergency planning, security and environmental and radiological matters. in addition, natural disasters could affect the availability of a secure and economical supply of water in some locations, which is essential for generation's continued operation, particularly the cooling of generating units. additionally, natural disasters and other events that have an adverse effect on the economy in general could adversely affect the registrants' results of operations, cash flows or financial positions and their ability to raise capital.
52
the impact that potential terrorist attacks could have on the industry and on exelon is uncertain. as owner-operators of infrastructure facilities, such as nuclear, fossil and hydroelectric generation facilities and electric and gas transmission and distribution facilities, the registrants face a risk that their operations would be direct targets or indirect casualties of an act of terror. any retaliatory military strikes or sustained military campaign could affect their operations in unpredictable ways, such as changes in insurance markets and disruptions of fuel supplies and markets, particularly oil. furthermore, these catastrophic events could compromise the physical or cyber security of exelon's facilities, which could adversely affect exelon's ability to manage its business effectively. instability in the financial markets as a result of terrorism, war, natural disasters, pandemic, credit crises, recession or other factors also could result in a decline in energy consumption or interruption of fuel or the supply chain, which could adversely affect the registrants' results of operations, cash flows or financial positions and their ability to raise capital. in addition, the implementation of security guidelines and measures has resulted in and is expected to continue to result in increased costs.
the registrants could be significantly affected by the outbreak of a pandemic. exelon has plans in place to respond to a pandemic. however, depending on the severity of a pandemic and the resulting impacts to workforce and other resource availability, the ability to operate exelon's generating and transmission and distribution assets could be affected, resulting in decreased service levels and increased costs.
in addition, exelon maintains a level of insurance coverage consistent with industry practices against property, casualty and cybersecurity losses subject to unforeseen occurrences or catastrophic events that could damage or destroy assets or interrupt operations. however, there can be no assurance that the amount of insurance will be adequate to address such property and casualty losses.
generation's financial performance could be negatively affected by matters arising from its ownership and operation of nuclear facilities (exelon and generation).
nuclear capacity factors capacity factors for generating units, particularly capacity factors for nuclear generating units, significantly affect generation's results of operations. nuclear plant operations involve substantial fixed operating costs but produce electricity at low variable costs due to nuclear fuel costs typically being lower than fossil fuel costs. consequently, to be successful, generation must consistently operate its nuclear facilities at high capacity factors. lower capacity factors increase generation's operating costs by requiring generation to produce additional energy from primarily its fossil facilities or purchase additional energy in the spot or forward markets in order to satisfy generation's obligations to committed third-party sales, including the utility registrants. these sources generally have higher costs than generation incurs to produce energy from its nuclear stations.
nuclear refueling outages in general, refueling outages are planned to occur once every 18 to 24 months. the total number of refueling outages, along with their duration, could have a significant impact on generation's results of operations. when refueling outages last longer than anticipated or generation experiences unplanned outages, capacity factors decrease and generation faces lower margins due to higher energy replacement costs and/or lower energy sales and higher operating and maintenance costs.
nuclear fuel quality the quality of nuclear fuel utilized by generation could affect the efficiency and costs of generation's operations. remediation actions could result in increased costs due to accelerated fuel amortization, increased outage costs and/or increased costs due to decreased generation capabilities.
53
operational risk operations at any of generation's nuclear generation plants could degrade to the point where generation has to shut down the plant or operate at less than full capacity. if this were to happen, identifying and correcting the causes could require significant time and expense. generation could choose to close a plant rather than incur the expense of restarting it or returning the plant to full capacity. in either event, generation could lose revenue and incur increased fuel and purchased power expense to meet supply commitments. for plants operated but not wholly owned by generation, generation could also incur liability to the co-owners. for nuclear plants not operated and not wholly owned by generation, from which generation receives a portion of the plants' output, generation's results of operations are dependent on the operational performance of the operators and could be adversely affected by a significant event at those plants. additionally, poor operating performance at nuclear plants not owned by generation could result in increased regulation and reduced public support for nuclear-fueled energy, which could significantly affect generation's results of operations, cash flows or financial position. in addition, closure of generating plants owned by others, or extended interruptions of generating plants or failure of transmission lines, could affect transmission systems that could adversely affect the sale and delivery of electricity in markets served by generation.
nuclear major incident risk although the safety record of nuclear reactors generally has been very good, accidents and other unforeseen problems have occurred both in the united states and abroad. the consequences of a major incident could be severe and include loss of life and property damage. any resulting liability from a nuclear plant major incident within the united states, owned or operated by generation or owned by others, could exceed generation's resources, including insurance coverage. uninsured losses and other expenses, to the extent not recovered from insurers or the nuclear industry, could be borne by generation and could have a material adverse effect on generation's results of operations, cash flows or financial position. additionally, an accident or other significant event at a nuclear plant within the united states or abroad, whether owned generation or others, could result in increased regulation and reduced public support for nuclear-fueled energy and significantly adversely affect generation's results of operations, cash flows or financial position.
nuclear insurance as required by the price-anderson act, generation carries the maximum available amount of nuclear liability insurance, $450 million for each operating site. claims exceeding that amount are covered through mandatory participation in a financial protection pool. in addition, the u.s. congress could impose revenue-raising measures on the nuclear industry to pay claims exceeding the $13.4 billion limit for a single incident.
generation is a member of an industry mutual insurance company, neil, which provides property and business interruption insurance for generation's nuclear operations. in previous years, neil has made distributions to its members but generation cannot predict the level of future distributions or if they will occur at all. see note 23 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional discussion of nuclear insurance.
decommissioning obligation and funding nrc regulations require that licensees of nuclear generating facilities demonstrate reasonable assurance that funds will be available in certain minimum amounts at the end of the life of the facility to decommission the facility. generation is required to provide to the nrc a biennial report by unit (annually for units that have been retired and units that are within five years of retirement) addressing generation's ability to meet the nrc-estimated funding levels including scheduled contributions to and earnings on
54
the decommissioning trust funds. the nrc funding levels are based upon the assumption that decommissioning will commence after the end of the current licensed life of each unit.
generation recognizes as a liability the present value of the estimated future costs to decommission its nuclear facilities. the estimated liability is based on assumptions in the approach and timing of decommissioning the nuclear facilities, estimation of decommissioning costs and federal and state regulatory requirements. no assurance can be given that the costs of such decommissioning will not substantially exceed such liability, as facts, circumstances or our estimates may change, including changes in the approach and timing of decommissioning activities, changes in decommissioning costs, changes in federal or state regulatory requirements on the decommissioning of such facilities, other changes in our estimates or generation's ability to effectively execute on its planned decommissioning activities.
the performance of capital markets could significantly affect the value of the trust funds. currently, generation is making contributions to certain trust funds of the former peco units based on amounts being collected by peco from its customers and remitted to generation. while generation, through peco, has recourse to collect additional amounts from peco customers (subject to certain limitations and thresholds), it has no recourse to collect additional amounts from utility customers for any of its other nuclear units if there is a shortfall of funds necessary for decommissioning. if circumstances changed such that generation would be unable to continue to make contributions to the trust funds of the former peco units based on amounts collected from peco customers, or if generation no longer had recourse to collect additional amounts from peco customers if there was a shortfall of funds for decommissioning, the adequacy of the trust funds related to the former peco units could be negatively affected and exelon's and generation's results of operations, cash flows or financial positions could be significantly affected. see note 15 - asset retirement obligations of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
forecasting trust fund investment earnings and costs to decommission nuclear generating stations requires significant judgment, and actual results could differ significantly from current estimates. ultimately, if the investments held by generation's ndts are not sufficient to fund the decommissioning of generation's nuclear units, generation could be required to take steps, such as providing financial guarantees through letters of credit or parent company guarantees or making additional contributions to the trusts, which could be significant, to ensure that the trusts are adequately funded and that current and future nrc minimum funding requirements are met. as a result, generation's results of operations, cash flows or financial position could be significantly adversely affected. additionally, if the pledged assets are not sufficient to fund the zion station decommissioning activities under the asset sale agreement (asa), generation could have to seek remedies available under the asa to reduce the risk of default by zionsolutions and its parent. see note 15 - asset retirement obligations of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
for nuclear units that are subject to regulatory agreements with either the icc or the papuc, decommissioning-related activities are generally offset within exelon's and generation's consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. the offset of decommissioning-related activities within the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income results in an equal adjustment to the noncurrent payables to affiliates at generation and an adjustment to the regulatory liabilities at exelon. likewise, comed and peco have recorded an equal noncurrent affiliate receivable from generation and a corresponding regulatory liability.
in the case of the nuclear units subject to the regulatory agreements with the icc, if the funds held in the ndt funds for any former comed unit are expected to not exceed the total decommissioning obligation for that unit, the accounting to offset decommissioning-related activities in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income for that unit would be discontinued, the decommissioning-related activities would be recognized in the consolidated statements of operations
55
and comprehensive income and the adverse impact to exelon's and generation's results of operations, cash flows or financial positions could be material. additionally, any remaining balances in noncurrent payables to affiliates at generation and comed's noncurrent affiliate receivable from generation and corresponding regulatory liability may need to be reversed and could have a material impact on generation's consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income.
in the case of the nuclear units subject to the regulatory agreements with the papuc, any changes to the peco regulatory agreements could impact exelon's and generation's ability to offset decommissioning-related activities within the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income, and the impact to exelon's and generation's results of operations, cash flows and financial positions could be material. additionally, any remaining balances in noncurrent payables to affiliates at generation and peco's noncurrent affiliate receivable from generation and corresponding regulatory liability may need to be reversed and could have a material impact on generation's consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income.
generation's financial performance could be negatively affected by risks arising from its ownership and operation of hydroelectric facilities (exelon and generation).
ferc has the exclusive authority to license most non-federal hydropower projects located on navigable waterways, federal lands or connected to the interstate electric grid. the license for the muddy run pumped storage project expires on december 1, 2055. the license for the conowingo hydroelectric project expired on september 1, 2014. ferc issued an annual license, effective as of the expiration of the previous license. if ferc does not issue a license prior to the expiration of the annual license, the annual license renews automatically. generation cannot predict whether it will receive all the regulatory approvals for the renewed licenses of its hydroelectric facilities. if ferc does not issue new operating licenses for generation's hydroelectric facilities or a station cannot be operated through the end of its operating license, generation's results of operations could be adversely affected by increased depreciation rates and accelerated future decommissioning costs, since depreciation rates and decommissioning cost estimates currently include assumptions that license renewal will be received. generation could also lose revenue and incur increased fuel and purchased power expense to meet supply commitments. in addition, conditions could be imposed as part of the license renewal process that could adversely affect operations, could require a substantial increase in capital expenditures or could result in increased operating costs and significantly affect generation's results of operations, cash flows or financial position. similar effects could result from a change in the federal power act or the applicable regulations due to events at hydroelectric facilities owned by others, as well as those owned by generation.
the registrants' businesses are capital intensive, and their assets could require significant expenditures to maintain and are subject to operational failure, which could result in potential liability (all registrants).
the registrants' businesses are capital intensive and require significant investments by generation in electric generating facilities and by the utility registrants in transmission and distribution infrastructure projects. these operational systems and infrastructure have been in service for many years. equipment, even if maintained in accordance with good utility practices, is subject to operational failure, including events that are beyond the registrants' control, and could require significant expenditures to operate efficiently. the registrants' respective results of operations, cash flows or financial positions could be adversely affected if they were unable to effectively manage their capital projects or raise the necessary capital. furthermore, operational failure of electric or gas systems, generation facilities or infrastructure could result in potential liability if such failure results in damage to property or injury to individuals. see item 1. business for further information regarding the registrants' potential future capital expenditures.
56
the utility registrants' operating costs, and customers' and regulators' opinions of the utility registrants are affected by their ability to maintain the availability and reliability of their delivery and operational systems (exelon and the utility registrants).
failures of the equipment or facilities, including information systems, used in the utility registrants' delivery systems could interrupt the electric transmission and electric and natural gas delivery, which could negatively impact related revenues, and increase maintenance and capital expenditures. equipment or facilities failures can be due to a number of factors, including natural causes such as weather or information systems failure. specifically, if the implementation of advanced metering infrastructure, smart grid or other technologies in the utility registrants' service territory fail to perform as intended or are not successfully integrated with billing and other information systems, the utility registrants' results of operations, cash flows or financial positions could be negatively impacted. furthermore, if any of the financial, accounting, or other data processing systems fail or have other significant shortcomings, the utility registrants' financial results could be negatively impacted. if an employee or third party causes the operational systems to fail, either as a result of inadvertent error or by deliberately tampering with or manipulating the operational systems, the utility registrants' financial results could also be negatively impacted. in addition, dependence upon automated systems could further increase the risk that operational system flaws or internal and/or external tampering or manipulation of those systems will result in losses that are difficult to detect.
the aforementioned failures or those of other utilities, including prolonged or repeated failures, could affect customer satisfaction and the level of regulatory oversight and the utility registrants' maintenance and capital expenditures. regulated utilities, which are required to provide service to all customers within their service territory, have generally been afforded liability protections against claims by customers relating to failure of service. under illinois law, however, comed could be required to pay damages to its customers in some circumstances involving extended outages affecting large numbers of its customers, and those damages could be material to comed's results of operations, cash flows or financial position.
the utility registrants' respective ability to deliver electricity, their operating costs and their capital expenditures could be negatively impacted by transmission congestion and failures of neighboring transmission systems (exelon and the utility registrants).
demand for electricity within the utility registrants' service areas could stress available transmission capacity requiring alternative routing or curtailment of electricity usage with consequent effects on operating costs, revenues and results of operations. also, insufficient availability of electric supply to meet customer demand could jeopardize the utility registrants' ability to comply with reliability standards and strain customer and regulatory agency relationships. as with all utilities, potential concerns over transmission capacity or generation facility retirements could result in pjm or ferc requiring the utility registrants to upgrade or expand their respective transmission systems through additional capital expenditures.
the electricity transmission facilities of the utility registrants are interconnected with the transmission facilities of neighboring utilities and are part of the interstate power transmission grid that is operated by pjm rto. although pjm's systems and operations are designed to ensure the reliable operation of the transmission grid and prevent the operations of one utility from having an adverse impact on the operations of the other utilities, there can be no assurance that service interruptions at other utilities will not cause interruptions in the utility registrants' service areas. if the utility registrants were to suffer such a service interruption, it could have a negative impact on their and exelon's results of operations, cash flows and financial positions.
57
the registrants are subject to physical security and cybersecurity risks (all registrants).
the registrants face physical security and cybersecurity risks as the owner-operators of generation, transmission and distribution facilities and as participants in commodities trading. threat sources continue to seek to exploit potential vulnerabilities in the electric and natural gas utility industry associated with protection of sensitive and confidential information, grid infrastructure and other energy infrastructures, and such attacks and disruptions, both physical and cyber, are becoming increasingly sophisticated and dynamic. continued implementation of advanced digital technologies increases the potentially unfavorable impacts of such attacks. a security breach of the physical assets or information systems of the registrants, their competitors, vendors, business partners and interconnected entities in rtos and isos, or regulators could impact the operation of the generation fleet and/or reliability of the transmission and distribution system or result in the theft or inappropriate release of certain types of information, including critical infrastructure information, sensitive customer, vendor and employee data, trading or other confidential data. the risk of these system-related events and security breaches occurring continues to intensify, and while the registrants have been, and will likely continue to be, subjected to physical and cyber-attacks, to date none has directly experienced a material breach or disruption to its network or information systems or our service operations. however, as such attacks continue to increase in sophistication and frequency, the registrants may be unable to prevent all such attacks in the future. if a significant breach were to occur, the reputation of exelon or another registrant and its customer supply activities could be adversely affected, customer confidence in the registrants or others in the industry could be diminished, or exelon and its subsidiaries could be subject to legal claims, loss of revenues, increased costs, operations shutdown, etc., any of which could contribute to the loss of customers and have a negative impact on the business and/or results of operations, cash flows or financial positions. moreover, the amount and scope of insurance maintained against losses resulting from any such events or security breaches may not be sufficient to cover losses or otherwise adequately compensate for any disruptions to business that could result. the utility registrants' deployment of smart meters throughout their service territories could increase the risk of damage from an intentional disruption of the system by third parties. in addition, new or updated security regulations or unforeseen threat sources could require changes in current measures taken by the registrants or their business operations and could adversely affect their results of operations, cash flows or financial positions.
failure to attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce could negatively impact the registrants' results of operations, cash flows or financial positions (all registrants).
certain events, such as an employee strike, loss of contract resources due to a major event, and an aging workforce without appropriate replacements, could lead to operating challenges and increased costs for the registrants. the challenges include lack of resources, loss of knowledge and a lengthy time period associated with skill development. in this case, costs, including costs for contractors to replace employees, productivity costs and safety costs, could arise. the registrants are particularly affected due to the specialized knowledge required of the technical and support employees for their generation, transmission and distribution operations. if the registrants are unable to successfully attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce, their results of operations, cash flows or financial positions could be negatively impacted.
the registrants could make investments in new business initiatives, including initiatives mandated by regulators, and markets that may not be successful, and acquisitions could not achieve the intended financial results (all registrants).
generation could continue to pursue growth in its existing businesses and markets and further diversification across the competitive energy value chain. this could include investment opportunities in renewables, development of natural gas generation, nuclear advisory or operating services for third
58
parties, distributed generation, potential expansion of the existing wholesale gas businesses and entry into liquefied natural gas. such initiatives could involve significant risks and uncertainties, including distraction of management from current operations, inadequate return on capital, and unidentified issues not discovered in the diligence performed prior to launching an initiative or entering a market. as these markets mature, there could be new market entrants or expansion by established competitors that increase competition for customers and resources. additionally, it is possible that ferc, state public utility commissions or others could impose certain other restrictions on such transactions. all of these factors could result in higher costs or lower revenues than expected, resulting in lower than planned returns on investment.
the utility registrants face risks associated with their regulatory-mandated smart grid and utility of the future initiatives and other non-regulatory mandated initiatives. these risks include, but are not limited to, cost recovery, regulatory concerns, cybersecurity and obsolescence of technology. due to these risks, no assurance can be given that such initiatives will be successful and will not have a material adverse effect on the utility registrants' results of operations, cash flows or financial positions.
the registrants may not realize or achieve the anticipated cost savings through the cost management efforts which could impact the registrants' results of operations (all registrants).
the registrants' future financial performance and level of profitability is dependent, in part, on various cost reduction initiatives. the registrants may encounter challenges in executing these cost reduction initiatives and not achieve the intended cost savings.
risks related to the phi merger the merger may not achieve its anticipated results, and exelon could be unable to integrate the operations of phi in the manner expected (exelon and phi).
exelon and phi entered into the merger agreement with the expectation that the merger will result in various benefits, including, among other things, cost savings and operating efficiencies. achieving the anticipated benefits of the merger is subject to a number of uncertainties, including whether the businesses of exelon and phi can be integrated in an efficient, effective and timely manner.
it is possible that the integration process could take longer than anticipated and could result in the loss of valuable employees, the disruption of exelon's businesses, processes and systems or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures, practices and policies, any of which could adversely affect the combined company's ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of the merger as and when expected. exelon could have difficulty addressing possible differences in corporate cultures and management philosophies. failure to achieve these anticipated benefits could result in increased costs and could adversely affect exelon's and phi's future business, prospects, results of operations, cash flows or financial conditions.
the merger may not be accretive to earnings and could cause dilution to exelon's earnings per share, which could negatively affect the market price of exelon's common stock (exelon).
the timing and amount of accretion expected could be significantly adversely affected by a number of uncertainties, including market conditions, risks related to exelon's businesses and whether the business of phi is integrated in an efficient and effective manner. exelon also could encounter additional transaction and integration-related costs, could fail to realize all of the benefits anticipated in the merger or be subject to other factors that affect preliminary estimates. any of these factors could cause a decrease
59
in exelon's adjusted earnings per share or decrease or delay the expected accretive effect of the merger and contribute to a decrease in the price of exelon's common stock.
page no.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations         83
exelon corporation                                                                            83
executive overview                                                                            83
financial results of operations                                                               85
significant 2017 transactions and recent developments                                         92
exelon's strategy and outlook for 2018 and beyond                                             99
liquidity considerations                                                                     100
other key business drivers and management strategies                                         101
critical accounting policies and estimates                                                   107
results of operations                                                                        124
exelon generation company, llc                                                               125
commonwealth edison company                                                                  137
peco energy company                                                                          145
baltimore gas and electric company                                                           152
pepco holdings llc                                                                           159
potomac electric power company                                                               162
delmarva power &amp; light company                                                           169
atlantic city electric company                                                               178
liquidity and capital resources                                                              185
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements                                   208
item 7a.   quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk                                   216
exelon corporation                                                                           216
exelon generation company, llc                                                               226
commonwealth edison company                                                                  228
peco energy company                                                                          230
baltimore gas and electric company                                                           232
pepco holdings llc                                                                           234
potomac electric power company                                                               236
delmarva power &amp; light company                                                           238
atlantic city electric company                                                               240
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations exelon executive overview exelon, a utility services holding company, operates through the following principal subsidiaries:
•   generation, whose integrated business consists of the generation, physical delivery and marketing of power across multiple geographical regions through its customer-facing business, constellation, which sells electricity and natural gas to both wholesale and retail customers. generation also sells renewable energy and other energy-related products and services.
•   comed, whose business consists of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the provision of electricity transmission and distribution services in northern illinois, including the city of chicago.
•   peco, whose business consists of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the provision of electricity distribution and transmission services in southeastern pennsylvania, including the city of philadelphia, and the purchase and regulated retail sale of natural gas and the provision of distribution services in the pennsylvania counties surrounding the city of philadelphia.
•   bge, whose business consists of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and natural gas and the provision of electricity distribution and transmission and gas distribution services in central maryland, including the city of baltimore.
•   pepco, whose business consists of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the provision of electricity distribution and transmission in the district of columbia and major portions of prince george's county and montgomery county in maryland.
•   dpl, whose business consists of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the provision of electricity distribution and transmission services in portions of maryland and delaware, and the purchase and regulated retail sale of natural gas and the provision of natural gas distribution services in northern delaware.
•   ace, whose business consists of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the provision of electricity transmission and distribution services in southern new jersey.
pepco, dpl and ace are operating companies of phi, which is a utility services holding company and a wholly owned subsidiary of exelon.
exelon has twelve reportable segments consisting of generation's six reportable segments (mid-atlantic, midwest, new england, new york, ercot and other power regions in generation), comed, peco, bge and phi's three utility reportable segments (pepco, dpl and ace). see note 25 - segment information of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding exelon's reportable segments.
83
through its business services subsidiary bsc, exelon provides its operating subsidiaries with a variety of corporate governance support services including corporate strategy and development, legal, human resources, information technology, finance, real estate, security, corporate communications and supply at cost. the costs of these services are directly charged or allocated to the applicable operating segments. the services are provided pursuant to service agreements.  additionally, the results of exelon's corporate operations include interest costs and income from various investment and financing activities.
phisco, a wholly owned subsidiary of phi, provides a variety of support services at cost, including legal, finance, engineering, distribution and transmission planning, asset management, system operations, and power procurement, to phi and its operating subsidiaries. these services are directly charged or allocated pursuant to service agreements among phisco and the participating operating subsidiaries.
exelon's consolidated financial information includes the results of its eight separate operating subsidiary registrants, generation, comed, peco, bge, phi, pepco, dpl and ace, which, along with exelon, are collectively referred to as the registrants. the following combined management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is separately filed by exelon, generation, comed, peco, bge, phi, pepco, dpl and ace. however, none of the registrants makes any representation as to information related solely to any of the other registrants.
84
financial results of operations gaap results of operations the following table sets forth exelon's gaap consolidated results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016. 2016 amounts include the operations of phi, pepco, dpl and ace from march 24, 2016 through december 31, 2016. all amounts presented below are before the impact of income taxes, except as noted.
for the years ended december 31,             favorable(unfavorable)variance
2017                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           2016
generation               comed                peco                 bge                 phi               other               exelon             exelon(b)
operating revenues                                                                     $18,466                $5,536              $2,870              $3,176              $4,679             $(1,196   )         $33,531              $31,360                              $2,171
purchased power and fuel expense                                                         9,690                 1,641                 969               1,133               1,716              (1,114   )          14,035               12,640                              (1,395            )
revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense(a)                                       8,776                 3,895               1,901               2,043               2,963                 (82   )          19,496               18,720                                 776
other operating expenses operating and maintenance                                                                6,291                 1,427                 806                 716               1,068                (182   )          10,126               10,048                                 (78            )
depreciation and amortization                                                            1,457                   850                 286                 473                 675                  87               3,828                3,936                                 108
taxes other than income                                                                    555                   296                 154                 240                 452                  34               1,731                1,576                                (155            )
total other operating expenses                                                           8,303                 2,573               1,246               1,429               2,195                 (61   )          15,685               15,560                                (125            )
gain (loss) on sales of assets                                                               2                     1                   -                   -                   1                  (1   )               3                  (48     )                            51
bargain purchase gain                                                                      233                     -                   -                   -                   -                   -                 233                    -                                 233
gain on deconsolidation of business                                                        213                     -                   -                   -                   -                   -                 213                    -                                 213
operating income (loss)                                                                    921                 1,323                 655                 614                 769                 (22   )           4,260                3,112                               1,148
other income and (deductions)
interest expense, net                                                                     (440     )            (361   )            (126   )            (105   )            (245   )            (283   )          (1,560    )          (1,536     )                           (24            )
other, net                                                                                 948                    22                   9                  16                  54                   7               1,056                  413                                 643
total other income and (deductions)                                                        508                  (339   )            (117   )             (89   )            (191   )            (276   )            (504    )          (1,123     )                           619
income (loss) before income taxes                                                        1,429                   984                 538                 525                 578                (298   )           3,756                1,989                               1,767
income taxes                                                                            (1,375     )             417                 104                 218                 217                 294                (125    )             761                                 886
equity in (losses) earnings of unconsolidated affiliates                                   (33     )               -                   -                   -                   1                   -                 (32    )             (24     )                            (8            )
net income (loss)                                                                        2,771                   567                 434                 307                 362                (592   )           3,849                1,204                               2,645
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and preference stock dividends          77                     -                   -                   -                   -                   2                  79                   70                                  (9            )
net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders                                   $2,694                  $567                $434                $307                $362               $(594   )          $3,770               $1,134                              $2,636
__________
(a)   the registrants' evaluate operating performance using the measure of revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense. the registrant's believe that revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense is a useful measurement because it provides information that can be used to evaluate its operational performance. revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense is not a presentation defined under gaap and may not be comparable to other companies' presentations or deemed more useful than the gaap information provided elsewhere in this report.
(b)   as a result of the phi merger, exelon includes the consolidated results of phi, pepco, dpl and ace from march 24, 2016 through december 31, 2016.
85
exelon's net income attributable to common shareholders was $3,770 million for the year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to $1,134 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, and diluted earnings per average common share were $3.97 for the year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to $1.22 for the year ended december 31, 2016.
revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense, which is a non-gaap measure discussed below, increased by $776 million as compared to 2016. the year-over-year increase was primarily due to the following favorable factors:
•   increase of $104 million at bge primarily due to the impacts of the electric and natural gas distribution rate orders issued by the mdpsc in june 2016 and july 2016 and an increase in transmission formula rate revenues;
•   increase of $99 million at comed primarily due to increased electric distribution and transmission formula rate revenues (reflecting the impacts of increased capital investment and higher allowed electric distribution roe), partially offset by lower revenues resulting from the change to defer and recover over time energy efficiency costs pursuant to feja and the impact of favorable weather conditions in 2016; and
•   increase of $767 million in revenue net of purchased power and fuel due to the inclusion of phi's results for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the period march 24, 2016 to december 31, 2016, as well as distribution rate increases effective in 2016 and 2017.
the year-over-year increase in revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense was partially offset by the following unfavorable factors:
•   decrease of $134 million at generation due to mark-to-market losses of $175 million in 2017 compared to mark-to-market losses of $41 million in 2016;
•   decrease of $46 million at peco primarily due to unfavorable weather conditions; and
•   decrease of $11 million at generation primarily due to lower realized energy prices, the impacts of lower load volumes delivered due to mild weather in the third quarter 2017, the conclusion of the ginna reliability support services agreement and the impact of declining natural gas prices on generation's natural gas portfolio, partially offset by the impact of the new york ces, increased nuclear volumes primarily as a result of the acquisition of fitzpatrick, higher capacity prices, the addition of two combined-cycle gas turbines in texas and lower nuclear fuel prices.
operating and maintenance expense increased by $78 million as compared to 2016. the year-over-year increase was primarily due to the following unfavorable factors:
•   increase of $307 million at generation due to higher asset impairment charges;
•   increase of $127 million at generation primarily due to generation's decision in 2017 to early retire the tmi nuclear facility compared to the previous decision in 2016 to early retire the clinton and quad cities nuclear facilities;
•   increase of $104 million at generation due to increased nuclear refueling outage costs;
•   increase of $84 million at generation due to the annual update of the generation nuclear decommissioning obligation related to the non-regulatory units in 2017 versus 2016; and
•   increase of $253 million at phi due to the inclusion of phi's results for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the period march 24, 2016 to december 31, 2016.
86
the year-over-year increase in operating and maintenance expense was partially offset by the following favorable factors:
•   decrease of $665 million at exelon due to merger commitment and other merger-related costs of $73 million in 2017 compared to $738 million in 2016;
•   decrease of $85 million at comed due to the change to defer and recover over time energy efficiency costs pursuant to the illinois future energy jobs act; and
•   decrease of $21 million at bge primarily due to certain disallowances contained in the june and july 2016 rate orders, partially offset by the impact of the favorable 2016 settlement of the baltimore city conduit fee dispute.
depreciation and amortization expense decreased by $108 million primarily due to lower accelerated depreciation and amortization expense as a result of the 2017 decision to early retire the tmi nuclear facility compared to the previous decision in 2016 to early retire the clinton and quad cities nuclear facilities, partially offset by increased depreciation expense as a result of ongoing capital expenditures across all operating companies and the inclusion of phi's results for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the period march 24, 2016 to december 31, 2016.
taxes other than income increased by $155 million primarily due to increased real estate taxes and sales and use taxes at generation, as well as the inclusion of phi's results for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the period march 24, 2016 to december 31, 2016.
gain (loss) on sales of assets increased by $51 million primarily due to certain generation projects and contracts being terminated or renegotiated in 2016, partially offset by a gain associated with generation's sale of the retired new boston generating site in 2016.
bargain purchase gain increased by $233 million due to the gain associated with generation's acquisition of fitzpatrick in 2017.
gain on deconsolidation of business increased by $213 million due to the deconsolidation of egtp's net liabilities, which included the previously impaired assets and related debt, as a result of the november 2017 bankruptcy filing.
interest expense, net increased by $24 million primarily due to the inclusion of phi's results for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the period march 24, 2016 to december 31, 2016, partially offset by additional interest related to exelon's like-kind exchange tax position recorded in 2016 compared to 2017.
other, net increased by $643 million primarily due to higher net unrealized and realized gains on ndt funds at generation for the year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to the same period in 2016 and the penalty recorded in 2016 related to exelon's like-kind exchange tax position.
exelon's effective income tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016 were (3.3)% and 38.3%, respectively. exelon's effective income tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2017 includes the impact of the tax cuts and jobs act. see note 14 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the components of the effective income tax rates.
for further detail regarding the financial results for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, including explanation of the non-gaap measure revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense, see the discussions of results of operations by segment below.
87
adjusted (non-gaap) operating earnings exelon's adjusted (non-gaap) operating earnings for the year ended december 31, 2017 were $2,471 million, or $2.60 per diluted share, compared with adjusted (non-gaap) operating earnings of $2,488 million, or $2.68 per diluted share, for the same period in 2016. in addition to net income, exelon evaluates its operating performance using the measure of adjusted (non-gaap) operating earnings because management believes it represents earnings directly related to the ongoing operations of the business. adjusted (non-gaap) operating earnings exclude certain costs, expenses, gains and losses and other specified items. this information is intended to enhance an investor's overall understanding of year-to-year operating results and provide an indication of exelon's baseline operating performance excluding items that are considered by management to be not directly related to the ongoing operations of the business. in addition, this information is among the primary indicators management uses as a basis for evaluating performance, allocating resources, setting incentive compensation targets and planning and forecasting of future periods. adjusted (non-gaap) operating earnings is not a presentation defined under gaap and may not be comparable to other companies' presentations or deemed more useful than the gaap information provided elsewhere in this report.
88
the following table provides a reconciliation between net income attributable to common shareholders as determined in accordance with gaap and adjusted (non-gaap) operating earnings for the year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to 2016:
for the years ended december 31,
2017                                                                                                                                                                                                              2016
(all amounts after tax; in millions, except per share amounts)                                                                        earningsperdilutedshare                                  earningsperdilutedshare net income attributable to common shareholders                                                                 $3,770                         $3.97                     $1,134                         $1.22
mark-to-market impact of economic hedging activities(a) (net of taxes of $68 and $18, respectively)               107                          0.11                         24                          0.03
unrealized gains related to ndt fund investments(b) (net of taxes of $204 and $77, respectively)                 (318    )                    (0.34         )             (118    )                    (0.13         )
amortization of commodity contract intangibles(c) (net of taxes of $22 and $22, respectively)                      34                          0.04                         35                          0.04
merger and integration costs(d) (net of taxes of $25 and $50, respectively)                                        40                          0.04                        114                          0.12
merger commitments(e) (net of taxes of $137 and $126, respectively)                                              (137    )                    (0.14         )              437                          0.47
long-lived asset impairments(f) (net of taxes of $204 and $68, respectively)                                      321                          0.34                        103                          0.11
plant retirements and divestitures(g) (net of taxes of $134 and $273, respectively)                               207                          0.22                        432                          0.47
reassessment of deferred income taxes(h) (entire amount represents tax expense)                                (1,299    )                    (1.37         )               10                          0.01
cost management program(i) (net of taxes of $21 and $21, respectively)                                             34                          0.04                         34                          0.04
like-kind exchange tax position(j) (net of taxes of $66 and $61, respectively)                                    (26    )                    (0.03         )              199                          0.21
asset retirement obligation(k) (net of taxes of $1 and $13, respectively)                                          (2    )                        -                        (75    )                    (0.08         )
tax settlements(l) (net of taxes of $1 and $0, respectively)                                                       (5    )                    (0.01         )                -                             -
bargain purchase gain(m) (net of taxes of $0 and $0, respectively)                                               (233    )                    (0.25         )                -                             -
gain on deconsolidation of business(n) (net of taxes of $83 and $0, respectively)                                (130    )                    (0.14         )                -                             -
vacation policy change(o) (net of taxes of $21 and $0, respectively)                                              (33    )                    (0.03         )                -                             -
curtailment of generation growth and development activities(p) (net of taxes of $0 and $35, respectively)           -                             -                         57                          0.06
change in environmental remediation liabilities (net of taxes of $17 and $0, respectively)                         27                          0.03                          -                             -
noncontrolling interests(q) (net of taxes of $24 and $9, respectively)                                            114                          0.12                        102                          0.11
adjusted (non-gaap) operating earnings                                                                         $2,471                         $2.60                     $2,488                         $2.68
__________
(a)   reflects the impact of net gains and losses on generation's economic hedging activities. see note 12 - derivative financial instruments of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional detail related to generation's hedging activities.
(b)   reflects the impact of net unrealized gains on generation's ndt fund investments for non-regulatory agreement units. see note 15 - asset retirement obligations of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional detail related to generation's ndt fund investments.
89
(c)   represents the non-cash amortization of intangible assets, net, primarily related to commodity contracts recorded at fair value related to, in 2017, the conedison solutions and fitzpatrick acquisitions, and in 2016, the integrys and conedison solutions acquisitions.
(d)   primarily reflects certain costs incurred for the phi acquisition in 2017 and 2016 and generation's fitzpatrick acquisition in 2017, including professional fees, employee-related expenses and integration activities. see note 4 - mergers, acquisitions and dispositions of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional detail related to merger and acquisition costs.
(e)   represents costs incurred as part of the settlement orders approving the phi acquisition, and in 2017, a decrease in reserves for uncertain tax positions related to the deductibility of certain merger commitments associated with the 2012 ceg and 2016 phi acquisitions, and in 2016, a charge related to a 2012 ceg merger commitment. see note 4 - mergers, acquisitions and dispositions of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional detail related to phi merger commitments.
(f)   primarily reflects charges to earnings in 2017 related to impairments of egtp assets and the phi district of columbia sponsorship intangible asset, and in 2016, impairments of upstream assets and certain wind projects at generation.
(g)   primarily reflects in 2017 accelerated depreciation and amortization expenses, increases to materials and supplies inventory reserves, construction work in progress impairments and charges for severance reserves associated with generation's decision to early retire the three mile island nuclear facility. primarily reflects in 2016 accelerated depreciation and amortization expenses through december 2016 and construction work in progress impairments associated with generation's previous decision to early retire the clinton and quad cities nuclear facilities, partially offset by a gain associated with generation's sale of the new boston generating site.
(h)   reflects in 2017 one-time non-cash impacts associated with remeasurements of deferred income taxes as a result of the tax cuts and jobs act (including impacts on pension obligations), changes in the illinois and district of columbia statutory tax rates and changes in forecasted apportionment, and in 2016, the non-cash impact of the remeasurement of deferred income taxes as a result of changes in forecasted apportionment related to the phi acquisition.
(i)   represents severance and reorganization costs related to a cost management program.
(j)   represents in 2017 adjustments to income tax, penalties and interest expenses as a result of the finalization of the irs tax computation related to exelon's like-kind exchange tax position, and in 2016, the recognition of a penalty and associated interest expense as a result of a tax court decision on exelon's like-kind exchange tax position.
(k)   reflects a non-cash benefit pursuant to the annual update of the generation nuclear decommissioning obligation related to the non-regulatory units.
(l)   reflects benefits related to the favorable settlement in 2017 of certain income tax positions related to phi's unregulated business interests that were transferred to generation.
(m)   represents the excess of the fair value of assets and liabilities acquired over the purchase price for the fitzpatrick acquisition.
(n)   represents the gain recorded upon deconsolidation of egtp's net liabilities, which included the previously impaired assets and related debt, as a result of the november 2017 bankruptcy filing.
(o)   represents the reversal of previously accrued vacation expenses as a result of a change in exelon's vacation vesting policy.
(p)   reflects the the one-time recognition for a loss on sale of assets and asset impairment charges pursuant to generation's strategic decision in the fourth quarter of 2016 to narrow the scope and scale of its growth and development activities.
(q)   represents elimination from generation's results of the noncontrolling interests related to certain exclusion items, primarily related to the impact of unrealized gains and losses on ndt fund investments at ceng.
note:
unless otherwise noted, the income tax impact of each reconciling item between gaap net income and adjusted (non-gaap) operating earnings is based on the marginal statutory federal and state income tax rates for each registrant, taking into account whether the income or expense item is taxable or deductible, respectively, in whole or in part. for all items except the unrealized gains and losses related to ndt fund investments, the marginal statutory income tax rates ranged from 39 percent to 41 percent. under irs regulations, ndt fund investment returns are taxed at differing rates for investments in qualified vs. non-qualified funds. the tax rates applied to unrealized gains and losses related to ndt fund investments were 47.4 percent and 48.7 percent for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
merger, integration and acquisition costs as a result of the phi merger that was completed on march 23, 2016, the registrants have incurred costs associated with evaluating, structuring and executing the phi merger transaction itself, and will continue to incur cost associated with meeting the various commitments set forth by regulators and agreed-upon with other interested parties as part of the merger approval process, and integrating the former phi businesses into exelon. in addition, as a result of the acquisition of the fitzpatrick nuclear generating station on march 31, 2017, exelon and generation incurred costs associated with evaluating, structuring and executing the transaction and integrating fitzpatrick into exelon.
90
the table below presents the one-time pre-tax charges recognized for the phi merger included in the registrant's respective consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income.
successor for the year ended december 31, 2016                                                       march 24, 2016 to december 31, 2016
exelon             generation                  pepco               dpl               ace   phi merger commitments (a)                                         $513               $3                       $126               $86              $111       $323
changes in accounting and tax related policies and estimates   -                  -                 25                15                5                 -
total                                                          $513               $3                       $151              $101              $116       $323
__________
(a)   see note 4 - mergers, acquisitions and dispositions of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for more information.
in addition to the one-time phi merger charges discussed above, for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, expense has been recognized for the phi merger and generation's fitzpatrick acquisition as follows:
pre-tax expense for the year ended december 31, 2017
merger, integration and acquisition expense:   exelon(a)             generation(a)            comed           peco            bge             phi(a)             pepco(a)           dpl(a)             ace(a)
transaction(b)                                 $6                    $5                       $-              $-              $-              $-                 $-                 $-                 -
other(c)(d)                                    67                75                       1               4               4                   (18       )        (6        )        (7        )        (6        )
total                                          $73                   $80                      $1              $4              $4              $(18      )        $(6       )        $(7       )        $(6       )
pre-tax expense for the year ended december 31, 2016
merger integration and acquisition expense:         exelon(a)            generation(a)       comed           peco            bge             phi(a)             pepco(a)           dpl(a)             ace(a)
transaction(b)                                      $34                      $2              $-              $-              $-              $-                 $-                 $-                 $-
employee-related(e)                                  77         10                       2               1               1               64                 30                 18                 15
other(c)(d)                                          52         44                           (8      )   4                   (2      )   5                      (2        )    2                  4
total                                              $163                     $56              $(6     )       $5              $(1     )       $69                $28                $20                $19
__________
(a)   for exelon, generation, phi, pepco, dpl and ace, includes the operations of the acquired businesses beginning on march 24, 2016.
(b)   external, third party costs paid to advisors, consultants, lawyers and other experts to assist in the due diligence and regulatory approval processes and in the closing of transactions.
(c)   costs to integrate phi processes and systems into exelon. for the year ended december 31, 2017, also includes costs to integrate fitzpatrick processes and systems into exelon.
(d)   for the year ended december 31, 2017, includes deferrals of previously incurred integration costs to achieve distribution synergies related to the phi acquisition of $24 million, $8 million, $8 million, and $8 million incurred at phi, pepco, dpl, and ace, respectively, that have been recorded as a regulatory asset for anticipated recovery. for the year ended december 31, 2016, includes deferrals of previously incurred integration costs to achieve distribution synergies related to the phi acquisition of $8 million, $6 million, $11 million, and $4 million incurred at comed, bge, pepco, and dpl, respectively, that have been recorded as a regulatory asset for anticipated recovery. for the successor period march 24, 2016 to december 31, 2016, includes deferrals of previously incurred integration costs to achieve distribution synergies related to the phi acquisition of $16 million incurred at phi that have been recorded as a regulatory asset for anticipated recovery. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for more information.
(e)   costs primarily for employee severance, pension and opeb expense and retention bonuses.
91
significant 2017 transactions and recent developments corporate tax reform on december 22, 2017, president trump signed the tcja into law. the tcja makes many significant changes to the internal revenue code, including, but not limited to, (1) reducing the u.s. federal corporate tax rate from 35% to 21%; (2) creating a 30% limitation on deductible interest expense (not applicable to regulated utilities); (3) allowing 100% expensing for the cost of qualified property (not applicable to regulated utilities); (4) eliminating the domestic production activities deduction; (5) eliminating the corporate alternative minimum tax and changing how existing alternative minimum tax credits can be realized; and (6) changing rules related to uses and limitations of net operating loss carryforwards created in tax years beginning after december 31, 2017.
the most significant change that impacts the registrants is the reduction of the corporate federal income tax rate from 35% to 21% beginning january 1, 2018. adjusted non-gaap operating earnings per share for exelon is expected to increase by approximately $0.10 on a run-rate basis in 2019 relative to exelon's projections before the tcja.  for the utility registrants, the amount and timing of when certain income tax benefits resulting from the tcja are provided to customers may vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction.
beginning in 2018, generation will incur lower income tax expense, which will decrease its projected effective income tax rate, even with the elimination of the domestic production activities deduction, and increase its net income. generation's operating cash inflows are also expected to increase beginning in 2018 reflecting the lower income tax rates and full expensing of capital investments. generation's projected effective income tax rate in 2018, 2019, and 2020 is expected to be approximately 22%.
beginning in 2018, the utility registrants will incur lower income tax expense, which will generally decrease their projected effective income tax rates. the tcja is expected to lead to lower customer rates over time due to lower income tax expense recoveries and the settlement of deferred income tax net regulatory liabilities. the tcja is expected to lead to an incremental increase in rate base of approximately $1.7 billion by 2020 relative to previous expectations across the utility registrants. the increased rate base will be funded consistent with each utility jurisdiction, using a combination of third party debt financings and equity funding from exelon generally consistent with existing capitalization ratio structures. to fund any additional equity contributions to the utility registrants, exelon would have available to it its typical sources, including, but not limited to, the increased operating cash flows at generation referenced above, which over time are expected to exceed the incremental equity needs at the utility registrants. the tcja is generally expected to result in lower operating cash inflows for the utility registrants as a result of the elimination of bonus depreciation and lower customer rates.
exelon corporate expects that the interest on its debt will continue to be fully tax deductible albeit at a lower tax rate.
the utility registrants continue to work with their state regulatory commissions to determine the amount and timing of the passing back of tcja income tax savings benefits to customers; with filings either made, or expected to be made, at pepco, dpl and ace, and approved filings at comed and bge. the amounts being passed back or proposed to be passed back to customers reflect the benefit of lower income tax expense beginning january 1, 2018 (feb. 1, 2018 for dpl delaware), and the settlement of a portion of deferred income tax regulatory liabilities established upon enactment of the tcja. to date, neither the papuc nor ferc has yet issued guidance on how and when to reflect the impacts of the tcja in customer rates. refer to note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on their filings.
92
early nuclear plant retirements on may 30, 2017, generation announced it will permanently cease generation operations at three mile island generating station (tmi) on or about september 30, 2019. the tmi nuclear plant did not clear in the may 2017 pjm capacity auction for the 2020-2021 planning year and will not receive capacity revenue for that period, the third consecutive year that tmi failed to clear the pjm base residual capacity auction. the plant is currently committed to operate through may 2019. in 2017, as a result of the plant retirement decision of tmi, exelon and generation recognized one-time charges in operating and maintenance expense of $77 million related to materials and supplies inventory reserve adjustments, employee-related costs and construction work-in-progress (cwip) impairments, among other items. in addition to these one-time charges, there will be ongoing annual incremental non-cash charges to earnings stemming from shortening the expected economic useful life of tmi primarily related to accelerated depreciation of plant assets (including any asset retirement costs (arc)), accelerated amortization of nuclear fuel, and additional asset retirement obligation (aro) accretion expense associated with the changes in decommissioning timing and cost assumptions. during the year ended december 31, 2017, both exelon's and generation's results include an incremental $262 million of pre-tax expense for these items.
the following table summarizes the estimated annual amount and timing of expected incremental non-cash expense items through 2019.
actual                        projected(a)
income statement expense (pre-tax)                  2017              2018              2019
depreciation and amortization accelerated depreciation(b)                    $250               $440              $330
accelerated nuclear fuel amortization            12                 20                 5
total                                          $262               $460              $335
_________
(a)   actual results may differ based on incremental future capital additions, actual units of production for nuclear fuel amortization, future revised aro assumptions, etc.
(b)   reflects incremental accelerated depreciation of plant assets, including any arc.
on february 2, 2018, exelon announced that generation will permanently cease generation operations at oyster creek at the end of its current operating cycle in october 2018. in 2010, generation announced that oyster creek would retire by the end of 2019 as part of an agreement with the state of new jersey to avoid significant costs associated with the construction of cooling towers to meet the state's then new environmental regulations. since then, like other nuclear sites, oyster creek has continued to face rising operating costs amid a historically low wholesale power price environment. the decision to retire oyster creek in 2018 at the end of its current operating cycle involved consideration of several factors, including economic and operating efficiencies, and avoids a refueling outage scheduled for the fall of 2018 that would have required advanced purchasing of fuel fabrication and materials beginning in late february 2018.
because of the decision to retire oyster creek in 2018, exelon and generation will recognize certain one-time charges in the first quarter of 2018 ranging from an estimated $25 million to $35 million (pre-tax) related to a materials and supplies inventory reserve adjustment, employee-related costs, and construction work-in-progress impairment, among other items. estimated cash expenditures related to the one-time charges primarily for employee-related costs are expected to range from $5 million to $10 million.
93
in addition to these one-time charges, there will be financial impacts stemming from shortening the expected economic useful life of oyster creek primarily related to accelerated depreciation of plant assets (including any arc), accelerated amortization of nuclear fuel, and additional aro accretion expense associated with the changes in decommissioning timing and cost assumptions to reflect an earlier retirement date. the following table summarizes the estimated amount of expected incremental non-cash expense items expected to be incurred in 2018 because of the early retirement decision.
projected(b)
income statement expense (pre-tax)      2018
depreciation and amortization accelerated depreciation(a)                  $110 to $140
accelerated nuclear fuel amortization                 $40
operating and maintenance increased aro accretion                          up to $5
__________
(a)   includes the accelerated depreciation of plant assets including any arc.
(b)   actual results may differ based on incremental future capital additions, actual units of production for nuclear fuel amortization, future revised aro assumptions, etc.
egtp consent agreement and bankruptcy on may 2, 2017, egtp, an indirect subsidiary of exelon and generation, entered into a consent agreement with its lenders to permit egtp to draw on its revolving credit facility and initiate an orderly sales process to sell the assets of its wholly owned subsidiaries. as a result, exelon and generation classified certain egtp assets and liabilities as held for sale at their respective fair values less costs to sell and recorded a $460 million pre-tax impairment loss during 2017. on november 7, 2017, egtp and all of its wholly owned subsidiaries filed voluntary petitions for relief under chapter 11 of title 11 of the united states code in the united states bankruptcy court for the district of delaware. as a result, exelon and generation deconsolidated egtp's assets and liabilities from their consolidated financial statements and recorded a $213 million pre-tax gain. see note 4 - mergers, acquisitions and dispositions, note 7 - impairment of long-lived assets and intangibles and note 13 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding egtp and the associated nonrecourse debt.
acquisition of james a. fitzpatrick nuclear generating station on march 31, 2017, generation acquired the 842 mw single-unit james a. fitzpatrick (fitzpatrick) nuclear generating station for a total purchase price of $289 million. in accounting for the acquisition as a business combination, exelon and generation recorded an after-tax bargain purchase gain of $233 million which is included within exelon's and generation's consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. see note 4 - mergers, acquisitions and dispositions of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the generation's acquisition of fitzpatrick and related costs.
illinois future energy jobs act on december 7, 2016, feja was signed into law by the governor of illinois. feja was effective on june 1, 2017, and includes, among other provisions, (1) a zero emission standard (zes) providing compensation for certain nuclear-powered generating facilities, (2) an extension of and certain adjustments to comed's electric distribution formula rate, (3) new cumulative persisting annual energy efficiency mwh savings goals for comed, (4) revisions to the illinois rps requirements, (5) provisions for adjustments to or termination of feja programs if the average impact on comed's customer rates
94
exceeds specified limits, (6) revisions to the existing net metering statute and (7) support for low income rooftop and community solar programs. feja establishes new or adjusts existing rate recovery mechanisms for comed to recover costs associated with the new or expanded energy efficiency and rps requirements. regulatory or legal challenges over the validity of feja are possible. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding feja. see note 8 - early nuclear plant retirements of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the economic challenges facing generation's clinton and quad cities nuclear plants and the expected benefits of the zes.
illinois zec procurement on january 25, 2018, the icc announced that generation's clinton unit 1, quad cities unit 1 and quad cities unit 2 nuclear plants were selected as the winning bidders through the ipa's zec procurement event. generation executed the zec procurement contracts with illinois utilities, including comed, effective january 26, 2018 and will begin recognizing revenue. winning bidders will be entitled to compensation for the sale of zecs retroactive to the june 1, 2017 effective date of feja. in the first quarter of 2018, generation will recognize approximately $150 million of revenue and comed will record an obligation to generation and corresponding reduction to its regulatory liability of approximately $100 million related to zecs generated from june 1, 2017 through december 31, 2017.
dismissal of litigation challenging zec programs on july 14, 2017, the u.s. district court for the northern district of illinois dismissed two lawsuits challenging the zec program contained in feja. on july 17, 2017, the plaintiffs appealed the court's decisions to the u.s. court of appeals for the seventh circuit. briefs were fully submitted on december 12, 2017 and the court heard oral argument on january 3, 2018. at the argument, the court asked for supplemental briefing, which was filed on january 26, 2018.
additionally, on july 25, 2017, the u.s. district court for the southern district of new york dismissed a lawsuit challenging the zec program contained in the new york ces. on august 24, 2017, the plaintiffs appealed the decision to the second circuit. briefing in the appeal was completed in december 2017, and oral argument is expected to take place in march 2018.
in addition, on november 30, 2016, a group of parties, including certain environmental groups and individuals, filed a petition in new york state court seeking to invalidate the zec program. the petition, which was amended on january 13, 2017, argued that the nypsc did not have authority to establish the program and that it violated certain technical provisions of the state administrative procedures act (sapa) when adopting the zec program. on february 15, 2017, generation and ceng filed a motion to dismiss the state court action. the nypsc also filed a motion to dismiss the state court action. on march 24, 2017, the plaintiffs filed a memorandum of law opposing the motions to dismiss, and generation and ceng filed a reply brief on april 28, 2017. oral argument was held on june 19, 2017. on january 22, 2018, the court denied the motions to dismiss without commenting on the merits of the case. the case will now proceed to summary judgment upon filing of the full record.
the court decisions to date have upheld the zec programs which support illinois's and new york's efforts to advance clean energy and preserve affordable and reliable energy resources for customers. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding feja and the new york ces.
merger commitment unrecognized tax benefits exelon established a liability for an uncertain tax position associated with the tax deductibility of certain merger commitments incurred by exelon in connection with the acquisitions of constellation in 2012 and phi in 2016. in the first quarter 2017, as a part of its examination of exelon's return, the irs
95
national office issued guidance concurring with exelon's position that the merger commitments were deductible. as a result, exelon, generation, phi, pepco, dpl and ace decreased their liability for unrecognized tax benefits by $146 million, $19 million, $59 million, $21 million, $16 million, and $22 million, respectively, as of december 31, 2017, resulting in a benefit to income taxes on exelon's, generation's, phi's, pepco's, dpl's and ace's consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income and corresponding decreases in their effective tax rates.
combined-cycle gas turbine projects in june 2017, generation commenced commercial operations of two new combined-cycle gas turbines (ccgts) at the colorado bend ii and wolf hollow ii generating stations in texas. the two new ccgts have added nearly 2,200 mws of capacity to generation's fleet, enhancing generation's strategy to match generation to customer load.  generation invested approximately $1.5 billion over the past three years to complete the new plant construction, which utilizes new general electric technology to make them among the cleanest, most efficient ccgts in the nation.
utility rates and rate proceedings the utility registrants file rate cases with their regulatory commissions seeking increases or decreases to their electric transmission and distribution, and gas distribution rates to recover their costs and earn a fair return on their investments. the outcomes of these regulatory proceedings impact the utility registrants' current and future results of operations, cash flows and financial position.
the following tables show the utility registrants' completed and pending distribution rate case proceedings in 2017.
completed distribution rate case proceedings company   jurisdiction                          approved revenue requirement increase(in millions)           approved return on equity         completion date      rate effective date comed     illinois (electric)(a)                                            $96                      (b)            8.4              %   (c)   december 6, 2017     january 1, 2018
pepco     district of columbia (electric)                                   $37                                     9.5              %         july 25, 2017        august 15, 2017
pepco     maryland (electric)                                               $32                                     9.5              %         october 27, 2017     october 20, 2017
dpl       maryland (electric)                                               $38                                     9.6              %         february 15, 2017    february 15, 2017
dpl       delaware (electric)                                             $31.5                                     9.7              %         may 23, 2017         june 1, 2017
dpl       delaware (natural gas)                                           $4.9                                     9.7              %         june 6, 2017         july 1, 2017
ace       new jersey (electric)                                             $43                                     9.6              %         september 22, 2017   october 1, 2017
________
(a)   pursuant to eima, comed's electric distribution rates are established through a performance-based formula through which comed is required to file an annual update on or before may 1, with resulting rates effective in january of the following year. comed's annual electric distribution formula rate update is based on prior year actual costs and current year projected capital additions (initial year revenue requirement). the update also reconciles any differences between the revenue requirement in effect for the prior year and actual costs incurred for the year (annual reconciliation).
(b)   reflects an increase of $78 million for the initial revenue requirement for 2017 and an increase of $18 million related to the annual reconciliation.
(c)   comed's allowed roe under its electric distribution formula rate is the annual average rate on 30-year treasury notes plus 580 basis points and is subject to reduction if comed does not deliver certain reliability and customer service benefits. the initial revenue requirement for 2017 reflects an allowed roe of 8.40%, while the annual reconciliation reflects an allowed roe of 8.34%, which is inclusive of a 6-basis-point performance penalty.
96
pending distribution rate case proceedings company   jurisdiction                            requested revenue requirement increase(in millions)               requested return on equity         filing date                                     expected completion timing pepco     maryland (electric)                                                 $11                       (a)               10.1   %                     january 2, 2018 (updated february 5, 2018)      third quarter 2018
pepco     district of columbia (electric)                                     $66                       (b)               10.1   %                     december 19, 2017                               fourth quarter 2018
dpl       maryland (electric)                                                 $19                       (b)(c)            10.1   %               (c)   july 14, 2017 (updated on november 16, 2017)    first quarter 2018
dpl       delaware (electric)                                                 $31                       (b)               10.1   %                     august 17, 2017 (updated on october 18, 2017)   third quarter 2018
dpl       delaware (natural gas)                                              $11                       (b)               10.1   %                     august 17, 2017 (updated on november 7, 2017)   fourth quarter 2018
________
(a)   on february 5, 2018, pepco filed with the mdpsc an update to its current distribution rate case to reflect approximately $31 million in tcja tax savings, thereby reducing the requested annual base rate increase to $11 million.
(b)   by mid-february, pepco and dpl will update their current distribution rate cases to reflect the tcja impacts.
(c)   on december 18, 2017, a settlement agreement was filed with the mdpsc wherein dpl will be granted a rate increase of $13 million, and a roe of 9.5% solely for purposes of calculating afudc and regulatory asset carrying costs. on january 5, 2018, the mdpsc held a hearing on the settlement agreement. dpl expects a decision in the matter in the first quarter of 2018, but cannot predict whether the mdpsc will approve the settlement agreement as filed or how much of the requested increase will be approved.
transmission formula rates the following total increases/(decreases) were included in comed's, bge's, pepco's, dpl's and ace's 2017 annual electric transmission formula rate filings:
2017
annual transmission filings(a)                    comed             bge           pepco             dpl             ace initial revenue requirement increase            $44             $31              $5              $6             $20
annual reconciliation increase (decrease)       (33   )           3              15               8              22
dedicated facilities decrease(b)                  -              (8   )           -               -               -
total revenue requirement increase              $11             $26             $20             $14             $42
allowed return on rate base(c)                 8.43   %        7.47   %        7.92   %        7.16   %        8.02   %
allowed roe(d)                                11.50   %       10.50   %       10.50   %       10.50   %       10.50   %
_________
(a)   all rates are effective june 2017.
(b)   bge's transmission revenues include a ferc approved dedicated facilities charge to recover the costs of providing transmission service to specifically designated load by bge.
(c)   represents the weighted average debt and equity return on transmission rate bases.
(d)   as part of the ferc-approved settlement of comed's 2007 transmission rate case, the rate of return on common equity is 11.50%, inclusive of a 50-basis-point incentive adder for being a member of a rto, and the common equity component of the ratio used to calculate the weighted average debt and equity return for the transmission formula rate is currently capped at 55%. as part of the ferc-approved settlement of the roe complaint against bge, pepco, dpl and ace, the rate of return on common equity is 10.50%, inclusive of a 50-basis-point incentive adder for being a member of a rto.
97
peco transmission formula rate. on may 1, 2017, peco filed a request with ferc seeking approval to update its transmission rates and change the manner in which peco's transmission rate is determined from a fixed rate to a formula rate. the formula rate would be updated annually to ensure that under this rate customers pay the actual costs of providing transmission services. the formula rate filing includes a requested increase of $22 million to peco's annual transmission revenues and a requested rate of return on common equity of 11%, inclusive of a 50-basis-point adder for being a member of a regional transmission organization. peco requested that the new transmission rate be effective as of july 2017. on june 27, 2017, ferc issued an order accepting the filing and suspending the proposed rates until december 1, 2017, subject to refund, and set the matter for hearing and settlement judge procedures. peco cannot predict the final outcome of the settlement or hearing proceedings, or the transmission formula ferc may approve.
see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further details on these regulatory proceedings.
westinghouse electric company llc bankruptcy on march 29, 2017, westinghouse electric company llc (westinghouse) and its affiliated debtors filed petitions for relief under chapter 11 of the bankruptcy code in the u.s. bankruptcy court for the southern district of new york. in the petitions and supporting documents, westinghouse makes clear that its requests for relief center on one business area that is losing money - the construction of nuclear power plants in georgia and south carolina. on january 4, 2018, westinghouse announced its agreement to be acquired by brookfield business partners. the deal, which requires bankruptcy court and regulatory approvals, is expected to close in in the third quarter of 2018. brookfield has informally indicated to generation that it will assume all of exelon's contracts with westinghouse. generation is monitoring the bankruptcy and pending sale proceedings to ensure that its rights are protected.
exgen renewables holdings, llc transaction on july 6, 2017, exgen renewables holdings, llc, a wholly owned subsidiary of generation, completed the sale of a 49% interest of exgen renewables partners, llc, a newly formed owner and operator of approximately 1,439 megawatts of generation's operating wind and solar electric generating facilities. exgen renewables holdings will be the managing member of exgen renewables partners, llc, and have day-to-day control and management over its renewable generation portfolio. the closing of the transaction was subject to certain regulatory approvals, including the federal energy regulatory commission (ferc) and the public utility commission of texas (puct) which were received during the second quarter of 2017. the sale price was $400 million plus immaterial working capital and other customary post-closing adjustments. the net proceeds, after approximately $100 million of income taxes, will be used to pay down debt and for general corporate purposes. generation will continue to consolidate exgen renewables partners, llc and will record a noncontrolling interest on its consolidated balance sheet for the investor's equity share as well as earnings attributable to the noncontrolling interest in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income each period going forward.
hurricanes harvey, irma and maria impacts although exelon subsidiaries provided substantial assistance to recovery efforts following hurricanes harvey and irma, hurricanes harvey, irma and maria are not expected to have a material impact on the registrants' businesses or financial results given the limited operations in the areas affected by the storms.
98
exelon's strategy and outlook for 2018 and beyond exelon's value proposition and competitive advantage come from its scope and its core strengths of operational excellence and financial discipline. exelon leverages its integrated business model to create value. exelon's regulated and competitive businesses feature a mix of attributes that, when combined, offer shareholders and customers a unique value proposition:
•   exelon's utilities provide a foundation for steadily growing earnings, which translates to a stable currency in our stock.
•   generation's competitive businesses provide free cash flow to invest primarily in the utilities and in long-term, contracted assets and to reduce debt.
exelon believes its strategy provides a platform for optimal success in an energy industry experiencing fundamental and sweeping change.
exelon's utility strategy is to improve reliability and operations and enhance the customer experience, while ensuring ratemaking mechanisms provide the utilities fair financial returns. the exelon utilities only invest in rate base where it provides a benefit to customers and the community by improving reliability and the service experience or otherwise meeting customer needs. the exelon utilities make these investments at the lowest reasonable cost to customers. exelon seeks to leverage its scale and expertise across the utilities platform through enhanced standardization and sharing of resources and best practices to achieve improved operational and financial results. additionally, the utility registrants anticipate making significant future investments in smart meter technology, transmission projects, gas infrastructure, and electric system improvement projects, providing greater reliability and improved service for our customers and a stable return for the company.
generation's competitive businesses create value for customers by providing innovative energy solutions and reliable, clean and affordable energy. generation's electricity generation strategy is to pursue opportunities that provide stable revenues and generation to load matching to reduce earnings volatility. generation leverages its energy generation portfolio to deliver energy to both wholesale and retail customers. generation's customer-facing activities foster development and delivery of other innovative energy-related products and services for its customers. generation operates in well-developed energy markets and employs an integrated hedging strategy to manage commodity price volatility. its generation fleet, including its nuclear plants which consistently operate at high capacity factors, also provide geographic and supply source diversity. these factors help generation mitigate the current challenging conditions in competitive energy markets.
exelon's financial priorities are to maintain investment grade credit metrics at each of the registrants, to maintain optimal capital structure and to return value to exelon's shareholders with an attractive dividend throughout the energy commodity market cycle and through stable earnings growth. exelon's board of directors approved an updated dividend policy providing an increase of 5% each year for the period covering 2018 through 2020, beginning with the march 2018 dividend.
various market, financial, regulatory, legislative and operational factors could affect the registrants' success in pursuing their strategies. exelon continues to assess infrastructure, operational, commercial, policy, and legal solutions to these issues. one key issue is ensuring the ability to properly value nuclear generation assets in the market, solutions to which exelon is actively pursuing in a variety of jurisdictions and venues. see item 1a. risk factors for additional information regarding market and financial factors.
continually optimizing the cost structure is a key component of exelon's financial strategy.  in august 2015, exelon announced a cost management program focused on cost savings of approximately $400 million at bsc and generation, of which approximately 60% of run-rate savings was achieved by the
99
end of 2017 with the remainder to be fully realized in 2018.  at least 75% of the savings are expected to be related to generation, with the remaining amount related to the utility registrants. additionally, in november 2017, exelon announced a new commitment for an additional $250 million of cost savings, primarily at generation, to be achieved by 2020. these actions are in response to the continuing economic challenges confronting all parts of exelon's business and industry, necessitating continued focus on cost management through enhanced efficiency and productivity.
growth opportunities management continually evaluates growth opportunities aligned with exelon's businesses, assets and markets, leveraging exelon's expertise in those areas and offering sustainable returns.
regulated energy businesses. the phi merger provides an opportunity to accelerate exelon's regulated growth to provide stable cash flows, earnings accretion, and dividend support.  additionally, the utility registrants anticipate investing approximately $26 billion over the next five years in electric and natural gas infrastructure improvements and modernization projects, including smart meter and smart grid initiatives, storm hardening, advanced reliability technologies, and transmission projects, which is projected to result in an increase to current rate base of approximately $15 billion by the end of 2022. the utility registrants invest in rate base where beneficial to customers and the community by increasing reliability and the service experience or otherwise meeting customer needs. these investments are made at the lowest reasonable cost to customers.
see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the smart meter and smart grid initiatives and infrastructure development and enhancement programs.
competitive energy businesses. generation continually assesses the optimal structure and composition of its generation assets as well as explores wholesale and retail opportunities within the power and gas sectors. generation's long-term growth strategy is to ensure appropriate valuation of its generation assets, in part through public policy efforts, identify and capitalize on opportunities that provide generation to load matching as a means to provide stable earnings, and identify emerging technologies where strategic investments provide the option for significant future growth or influence in market development.
liquidity considerations each of the registrants annually evaluates its financing plan, dividend practices and credit line sizing, focusing on maintaining its investment grade ratings while meeting its cash needs to fund capital requirements, retire debt, pay dividends, fund pension and opeb obligations and invest in new and existing ventures. a broad spectrum of financing alternatives beyond the core financing options can be used to meet its needs and fund growth including monetizing assets in the portfolio via project financing, asset sales, and the use of other financing structures (e.g., joint ventures, minority partners, etc.). the registrants expect cash flows to be sufficient to meet operating expenses, financing costs and capital expenditure requirements.
exelon, generation, comed, peco, bge, pepco, dpl and ace have unsecured syndicated revolving credit facilities with aggregate bank commitments of $0.6 billion, $5.3 billion, $1.0 billion, $0.6 billion, $0.6 billion, $0.5 billion, $0.5 billion and $0.4 billion, respectively. generation also has bilateral credit facilities with aggregate maximum availability of $0.5 billion. see liquidity and capital resources - credit matters - exelon credit facilities below.
for further detail regarding the registrants' liquidity for the year ended december 31, 2017, see liquidity and capital resources discussion below.
100
project financing generation utilizes individual project financings as a means to finance the construction of various generating asset projects. project financing is based upon a nonrecourse financial structure, in which project debt and equity used to finance the project are paid back from the cash generated by the newly constructed asset once operational. borrowings under these agreements are secured by the assets and equity of each respective project. the lenders do not have recourse against exelon or generation in the event of a default. if a specific project financing entity does not maintain compliance with its specific debt financing covenants, there could be a requirement to accelerate repayment of the associated debt or other project-related borrowings earlier than the stated maturity dates. in these instances, if such repayment was not satisfied, or restructured, the lenders or security holders would generally have rights to foreclose against the project-specific assets and related collateral. the potential requirement to satisfy its associated debt or other borrowings earlier than otherwise anticipated could lead to impairments due to a higher likelihood of disposing of the respective project-specific assets significantly before the end of their useful lives. see note 13 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on nonrecourse debt.
other key business drivers and management strategies utility rates and rate proceedings the utility registrants file rate cases with their regulatory commissions seeking increases or decreases to their electric transmission and distribution, and gas distribution rates to recover their costs and earn a fair return on their investments. the outcomes of these regulatory proceedings impact the utility registrants' current and future results of operations, cash flows and financial positions. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further details on these regulatory proceedings.
power markets price of fuels the use of new technologies to recover natural gas from shale deposits is increasing natural gas supply and reserves, which places downward pressure on natural gas prices and, therefore, on wholesale and retail power prices, which results in a reduction in exelon's revenues. forward natural gas prices have declined significantly over the last several years; in part reflecting an increase in supply due to strong natural gas production (due to shale gas development).
capacity market changes in pjm in the wake of the january 2014 polar vortex that blanketed much of the eastern and midwestern united states, it became clear that while a major outage event was narrowly avoided, resources in pjm were not providing the level of reliability expected by customers. as a result, on december 12, 2014, pjm filed at ferc a proposal to make significant changes to its current capacity market construct, the reliability pricing model (rpm). pjm's proposed changes generally sought to improve resource performance and reliability largely by limiting the excuses for non-performance and by increasing the penalties for performance failures. the proposal permits suppliers to include in capacity market offers additional costs and risk so they can meet these higher performance requirements. while offers are expected to put upward pressure on capacity clearing prices, operational improvements made as a result of pjm's proposal are expected to improve reliability, to reduce energy production costs as a result of more efficient operations and to reduce the need for out of market energy payments to suppliers. generation participated actively in pjm's stakeholder process through which pjm developed the proposal and also actively participated in the ferc proceeding including filing comments. on june 9,
101
2015, ferc approved pjm's filing largely as proposed by pjm, including transitional auction rules for delivery years 2016/2017 through 2017/2018. as a result of this and several related orders, pjm hosted its 2018/2019 base residual auction (results posted on august 21, 2015) and its transitional auction for delivery year 2016/2017 (results posted on august 31, 2015) and its transitional auction for delivery years 2017/2018 (results posted on september 9, 2015). on may 10, 2016, ferc largely denied rehearing, and a number of parties appealed to the u.s. court of appeals for the dc circuit for review of the decision. on june 20, 2017, the dc circuit denied all the appeals.
miso capacity market results on april 14, 2015, the miso released the results of its capacity auction covering the june 2015 through may 2016 delivery year.  as a result of the auction, capacity prices for the zone 4 region in downstate illinois increased to $150 per mw per day beginning in june 2015, an increase from the prior pricing of $16.75 per mw per day that was in effect from june 2014 to may 2015. generation had an offer that was selected in the auction. however, due to generation's ratable hedging strategy, the results of the capacity auction have not had a material impact on exelon's and generation's consolidated results of operations and cash flows.
additionally, in late may and june 2015, separate complaints were filed at the ferc by each of the state of illinois, the southwest electric cooperative, public citizens, inc., and the illinois industrial energy consumers challenging the results of this miso capacity auction for the 2015/2016 delivery in miso delivery zone 4. the complaints allege generally that 1) the results of the capacity auction for zone 4 are not just and reasonable, 2) the results should be suspended, set for hearing and replaced with a new just and reasonable rate, 3) a refund date should be established and that 4) certain alleged behavior by one of the market participants other than exelon or generation, be investigated.
on october 1, 2015, ferc announced that it was conducting a non-public investigation (that does not involve exelon or generation) into whether market manipulation or other potential violations occurred related to the auction. on december 31, 2015, ferc issued a decision that certain of the rules governing the establishment of capacity prices in downstate illinois are "not just and reasonable" on a prospective basis. ferc ordered that certain rules be changed prior to the april 2016 auction which set capacity prices for the 2016/2017 planning year. in response to this order, miso filed certain rule changes with ferc. on march 18, 2016, ferc largely denied rehearing of its december 31, 2015 order. ferc continues to conduct its non-public investigation to determine if the april 2015 auction results were manipulated and, if so, whether refunds are appropriate. ferc did establish may 28, 2015, the day the first complaint was filed, as the date from which refunds (if ordered) would be calculated, and it also made clear that the findings in the december 31, 2015 order do not prejudge the investigation or related proceedings. generation cannot predict the impact the ferc order may ultimately have on future auction results, capacity pricing or decisions related to the potential early retirement of the clinton nuclear plant, however, such impacts could be material to generation's future results of operations and cash flows. see note 8 - early nuclear plant retirements of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the impacts of the miso announcement.
complaints at ferc seeking to mitigate illinois and new york programs providing zecs pjm and nyiso capacity markets include a minimum offer price rule (mopr) that is intended to preclude buyers from exercising buyer market power. if a resource is subjected to a mopr, its offer is adjusted to remove the revenues it receives through a federal, state or other government-provided financial support program - resulting in a higher offer that may not clear the capacity market. currently, the moprs in pjm and nyiso apply only to certain new resources. exelon has generally opposed policies that require subsidies or give preferential treatment to generation providers or technologies that do not provide superior reliability or environmental benefits, or that would threaten the reliability and value of the integrated electricity grid. thus, exelon has supported a mopr as a means of minimizing the detrimental impact certain subsidized resources could have on capacity markets (such as the new
102
jersey (lcapp) and maryland (cfd) programs). however, in exelon's view, moprs should not be applied to resources that receive compensation for providing superior reliability or environmental benefits.
on january 9, 2017, the electric power supply association (epsa) filed two requests with ferc: one seeking to amend a prior complaint against pjm and another seeking expedited action on a pending nyiso compliance filing in an existing proceeding. both filings allege that the relevant mopr should be expanded to also apply to existing resources receiving zec compensation under the new york ces and illinois zes programs. the epsa parties have filed motions to expedite both proceedings. exelon has filed protests at ferc in response to each filing, arguing generally that zec payments provide compensation for an environmental attribute that is distinct from the energy and capacity sold in the ferc-jurisdictional markets, and therefore, are no different than other renewable support programs like the ptc and rps that have generally not been subject to a mopr. however, if successful, for generation's facilities in nyiso and pjm expected to receive zec compensation (quad cities, ginna, nine mile point and fitzpatrick), an expanded mopr could require exclusion of zec compensation when bidding into future capacity auctions such that these facilities would have an increased risk of not clearing in those auctions and thus no longer receiving capacity revenues during the respective zec programs. any such mitigation of these generating resources could have a material effect on exelon's and generation's future cash flows and results of operations. on august 30, 2017, epsa filed motions to lodge the district court decisions dismissing the complaints and urging ferc to act expeditiously on its requests to expand the mopr. on september 14, 2017, exelon filed a response in each docket noting that it does not oppose the motions to lodge but arguing that the requests to expedite a decision on the requests to expand the mopr have no merit. the timing of ferc's decision with respect to both proceedings is currently unknown and the outcome of these matters is currently uncertain.
doe notice of proposed rulemaking on august 23, 2017, the doe staff released its report on the reliability of the electric grid. one aspect of the wide-ranging report is the doe's recognition that the electricity markets do not currently value the resiliency provided by baseload generation, such as nuclear plants. on september 28, 2017, the doe issued a notice of proposed rulemaking (nopr) that would entitle certain eligible resilient generating units (i.e., those located in organized markets, with a 90-day supply of fuel on site, not already subject to state cost of service regulation and satisfying certain other requirements) to recover fully allocated costs and earn a fair return on equity on their investment. the doe's nopr recommended that the ferc take comments for 45 days after publication in the federal register and issue a final order 60 days after such publication.  on january 8, 2018, the ferc issued an order terminating the rulemaking docket that was initiated to address the proposed rule in the doe nopr, concluding the proposed rule did not sufficiently demonstrate there is a resiliency issue and that it proposed a remedy that did not appear to be just, reasonable and nondiscriminatory as required under the federal power act. at the same time, the ferc initiated a new proceeding to consider resiliency challenges to the bulk power system and evaluate whether additional ferc action to address resiliency would be appropriate. the ferc directed each rto and iso to respond within 60 days to 24 specific questions about how they assess and mitigate threats to resiliency. interested parties may submit reply comments within 30 days after the due date of the rto/iso responses. exelon has been and will continue to be an active participant in these proceedings, but cannot predict the final outcome or its potential financial impact, if any, on exelon or generation.
energy demand modest economic growth partially offset by energy efficiency initiatives is resulting in flat to declining load growth in electricity for the utilities. there is decrease in projected load for electricity for comed, peco, bge, and dpl, and an increase in projected load for electricity for pepco and ace. comed, peco, bge, pepco, dpl, and ace are projecting load volumes to increase (decrease) by (0.5)%, (0.5)%, (0.6)%, 1.5%, (1.5)% and 1.5%, respectively, in 2018 compared to 2017.
103
retail competition generation's retail operations compete for customers in a competitive environment, which affect the margins that generation can earn and the volumes that it is able to serve. the market experienced high price volatility in the first quarter of 2014 which contributed to bankruptcies and consolidations within the industry during the year. however, forward natural gas and power prices are expected to remain low and thus we expect retail competitors to stay aggressive in their pursuit of market share, and that wholesale generators (including generation) will continue to use their retail operations to hedge generation output.
strategic policy alignment as part of its strategic business planning process, exelon routinely reviews its hedging policy, dividend policy, operating and capital costs, capital spending plans, strength of its balance sheet and credit metrics, and sufficiency of its liquidity position, by performing various stress tests with differing variables, such as commodity price movements, increases in margin-related transactions, changes in hedging practices, and the impacts of hypothetical credit downgrades.
exelon's board of directors declared first, second, third and fourth quarter 2017 dividends of $0.3275 per share each on exelon's common stock, and the first quarter 2018 dividends declared was $0.3450 per share. the dividends for the first, second, third and fourth quarter 2017 were paid on march 10, 2017, june 9, 2017, september 8, 2017 and december 8, 2017, respectively. the first quarter 2018 dividend is payable on march 9, 2018.
exelon's board of directors approved an updated dividend policy providing an increase of 5% each year for the period covering 2018 through 2020, beginning with the march 2018 dividend.
hedging strategy exelon's policy to hedge commodity risk on a ratable basis over three-year periods is intended to reduce the financial impact of market price volatility. generation is exposed to commodity price risk associated with the unhedged portion of its electricity portfolio. generation enters into non-derivative and derivative contracts, including financially-settled swaps, futures contracts and swap options, and physical options and physical forward contracts, all with credit-approved counterparties, to hedge this anticipated exposure. generation has hedges in place that significantly mitigate this risk for 2018 and 2019. however, generation is exposed to relatively greater commodity price risk in the subsequent years with respect to which a larger portion of its electricity portfolio is currently unhedged. as of december 31, 2017, the percentage of expected generation hedged is 85%-88%, 55%-58% and 26%-29% for 2018, 2019, and 2020 respectively. the percentage of expected generation hedged is the amount of equivalent sales divided by the expected generation. expected generation is the volume of energy that best represents our commodity position in energy markets from owned or contracted generating facilities based upon a simulated dispatch model that makes assumptions regarding future market conditions, which are calibrated to market quotes for power, fuel, load following products, and options. equivalent sales represent all hedging products, such as wholesale and retail sales of power, options and swaps. generation has been and will continue to be proactive in using hedging strategies to mitigate commodity price risk in subsequent years as well.
generation procures oil and natural gas through long-term and short-term contracts and spot-market purchases. nuclear fuel is obtained predominantly through long-term uranium concentrate supply contracts, contracted conversion services, contracted enrichment services, or a combination thereof, and contracted fuel fabrication services. the supply markets for uranium concentrates and certain nuclear fuel services, coal, oil and natural gas are subject to price fluctuations and availability restrictions. supply market conditions may make generation's procurement contracts subject to credit risk related to the potential non-performance of counterparties to deliver the contracted commodity or service at the
104
contracted prices. approximately 59% of generation's uranium concentrate requirements from 2018 through 2022 are supplied by three producers. in the event of non-performance by these or other suppliers, generation believes that replacement uranium concentrate can be obtained, although at prices that may be unfavorable when compared to the prices under the current supply agreements. non-performance by these counterparties could have a material adverse impact on exelon's and generation's results of operations, cash flows and financial positions.
the utility registrants mitigate commodity price risk through regulatory mechanisms that allow them to recover procurement costs from retail customers.
environmental legislative and regulatory developments exelon was actively involved in the obama administration's development and implementation of environmental regulations for the electric industry, in pursuit of its business strategy to provide reliable, clean, affordable and innovative energy products. these efforts have most frequently involved air, water and waste controls for fossil-fueled electric generating units, as set forth in the discussion below. these regulations have had a disproportionate adverse impact on coal-fired power plants, requiring significant expenditures of capital and variable operating and maintenance expense, and have resulted in the retirement of older, marginal facilities. due to its low emission generation portfolio, generation has not been significantly affected by these regulations, representing a competitive advantage relative to electric generators that are more reliant on fossil fuel plants.
through the issuance of a series of executive orders (eo), president trump has initiated review of a number of epa and other regulations issued during the obama administration, with the expectation that the administration will seek repeal or significant revision of these rules. under these eos, each executive agency is required to evaluate existing regulations and make recommendations regarding repeal, replacement, or modification. the administration's actions are intended to result in less stringent compliance requirements under air, water, and waste regulations. the exact nature, extent, and timing of the regulatory changes are unknown, as well as the ultimate impact on exelon's and its subsidiaries results of operations and cash flows.
in particular, the administration has targeted existing epa regulations for repeal, including notably the clean power plan, as well as revoking many executive orders, reports, and guidance issued by the obama administration on the topic of climate change or the regulation of greenhouse gases. the executive order also disbanded the interagency working group that developed the social cost of carbon used in rulemakings, and withdrew all technical support documents supporting the calculation. other regulations that have been specifically identified for review are the clean water act rule relating to jurisdictional waters of the u.s., the steam electric effluent guidelines relating to waste water discharges from coal-fired power plants, and the 2015 national ambient air quality standard (naaqs) for ozone. the review of final rules could extend over several years as formal notice and comment rulemaking process proceeds.
air quality mercury and air toxics standard rule (mats). on december 16, 2011, the epa signed a final rule to reduce emissions of toxic air pollutants from power plants and signed revisions to the nsps for electric generating units. the final rule, known as mats, requires coal-fired electric generation plants to achieve high removal rates of mercury, acid gases and other metals, and to make capital investments in pollution control equipment and incur higher operating expenses. the initial compliance deadline to meet the new standards was april 16, 2015; however, facilities may have been granted an additional one or two-year extension in limited cases. numerous entities challenged mats in the d.c. circuit court, and exelon intervened in support of the rule. in april 2014, the d.c. circuit court issued an opinion upholding mats in its entirety. on appeal, the u.s. supreme court decided in june 2015 that the epa unreasonably refused to consider costs in determining whether it is appropriate and necessary to regulate
105
hazardous air pollutants emitted by electric utilities. the u.s. supreme court, however, did not vacate the rule; rather, it was remanded to the d.c. circuit court to take further action consistent with the u.s. supreme court's opinion on this single issue. on april 27, 2017, the d.c. circuit granted epa's motion to hold the litigation in abeyance, pending epa's review of the mats rule pursuant to president trump's eo discussed above. following epa's review and determination of its course of action for the mats rule, the parties will have 30 days to file motions on future proceedings. notwithstanding the court's order to hold the litigation in abeyance, the mats rule remains in effect. exelon will continue to participate in the remanded proceedings before the d.c. circuit court as an intervenor in support of the rule.
clean power plan. on april 28, 2017, the d.c. circuit court issued orders in separate litigation related to the epa's actions under the clean power plan (cpp) to amend clean air act section 111(d) regulation of existing fossil-fired electric generating units and section 111(b) regulation of new fossil-fired electric generating units. in both cases, the court has determined to hold the litigation in abeyance pending a determination whether the rule should be remanded to the epa. on october 10, 2017, epa issued a proposed rule to repeal the cpp in its entirety, based on a proposed change in the agency's legal interpretation of clean air act section 111(d) regarding actions that the agency can consider when establishing the best system of emission reduction ("bser") for existing power plants. under the proposed interpretation, the agency exceeded its authority under the clean air act by regulating beyond individual sources of ghg emissions. the epa has also indicated its intent to issue an advance notice of proposed rulemaking to solicit information on systems of emission reduction that are in accord with the agency's proposed revised legal interpretation; namely, only by regulating emission reductions that can be implemented at and to individual sources.
2015 ozone national ambient air quality standards (naaqs). on april 11, 2017, the d.c. circuit ordered that the consolidated 2015 ozone naaqs litigation be held in abeyance pending epa's further review of the 2015 rule. epa did not meet the october 1, 2017 deadline to promulgate initial designations for areas in attainment or non-attainment of the standard. a number of states and environmental organizations have notified the epa of their intent to file suit to compel epa to issue the designations.
climate change. exelon supports comprehensive climate change legislation or regulation, including a cap-and-trade program for ghg emissions, which balances the need to protect consumers, business and the economy with the urgent need to reduce national ghg emissions. in the absence of federal legislation, the epa is moving forward with the regulation of ghg emissions under the clean air act. in addition, there have been recent developments in the international regulation of ghg emissions pursuant to the united nations framework convention on climate change ("unfccc" or "convention"). see item 1. business, "global climate change" for further discussion.
water quality section 316(b) requires that the cooling water intake structures at electric power plants reflect the best technology available to minimize adverse environmental impacts, and is implemented through state-level npdes permit programs. all of generation's power generation facilities with cooling water systems are subject to the regulations. facilities without closed-cycle recirculating systems (e.g., cooling towers) are potentially most affected by recent changes to the regulations. for generation, those facilities are calvert cliffs, clinton, dresden, eddystone, fairless hills, fitzpatrick, ginna, gould street, mountain creek, handley, mystic 7, nine mile point unit 1, peach bottom, quad cities, and salem. see item 1. business, "water quality" for further discussion.
solid and hazardous waste in october 2015, the first federal regulation for the disposal of coal combustion residuals (ccr) from power plants became effective. the rule classifies ccr as non-hazardous waste under rcra. under the regulation, ccr will continue to be regulated by most states subject to coordination with the
106
federal regulations. generation has previously recorded accruals consistent with state regulation for its owned coal ash sites, and as such, the regulation is not expected to impact exelon's and generation's financial results. generation does not have sufficient information to reasonably assess the potential likelihood or magnitude of any remediation requirements that may be asserted under the new federal regulations for coal ash disposal sites formerly owned by generation. for these reasons, generation is unable to predict whether and to what extent it may ultimately be held responsible for remediation and other costs relating to formerly owned coal ash disposal sites under the new regulations.
see note 23 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further detail related to environmental matters, including the impact of environmental regulation.
employees in january 2017, an election was held at bge which resulted in union representation for approximately 1,394 employees. bge and ibew local 410 are negotiating an initial agreement which could result in some modifications to wages, hours and other terms and conditions of employment. no agreement has been finalized to date and management cannot predict the outcome of such negotiations. in april 2017, exelon nuclear security successfully ratified its cba with the spfpa local 238 at quad cities to an extension of three years. in june 2017, exelon nuclear security successfully ratified its cba with the ugsoa local 12 at limerick to an extension of three years.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of financial statements in conformity with gaap requires that management apply accounting policies and make estimates and assumptions that affect results of operations and the amounts of assets and liabilities reported in the financial statements. management discusses these policies, estimates and assumptions with its accounting and disclosure governance committee on a regular basis and provides periodic updates on management decisions to the audit committee of the exelon board of directors. management believes that the accounting policies described below require significant judgment in their application, or incorporate estimates and assumptions that are inherently uncertain and that may change in subsequent periods. additional discussion of the application of these accounting policies can be found in the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
nuclear decommissioning asset retirement obligations (exelon and generation)
generation's aro associated with decommissioning its nuclear units was $9.7 billion at december 31, 2017. the authoritative guidance requires that generation estimate its obligation for the future decommissioning of its nuclear generating plants. to estimate that liability, generation uses an internally-developed, probability-weighted, discounted cash flow model which, on a unit-by-unit basis, considers multiple decommissioning outcome scenarios.
as a result of recent nuclear plant retirements in the industry, nuclear operators and third-party service providers are obtaining more information about costs associated with decommissioning activities. at the same time, regulators are gaining more information about decommissioning activities which could result in changes to existing decommissioning requirements. in addition, as more nuclear plants are retired, it is possible that technological advances will be identified that could create efficiencies and lead to a reduction in decommissioning costs. the availability of decommissioning trust funds could impact the timing of the decommissioning activities. additionally, certain factors such as changes in regulatory requirements during plant operations or the profitability of a nuclear plant could impact the timing of plant retirements. these factors could result in material changes to generation's current estimates as more information becomes available and could change the timing of plant retirements and the probability assigned to the decommissioning outcome scenarios.
107
the nuclear decommissioning obligation is adjusted on a regular basis due to the passage of time and revisions to the key assumptions for the expected timing and/or estimated amounts of the future undiscounted cash flows required to decommission the nuclear plants, based upon the following methodologies and significant estimates and assumptions:
decommissioning cost studies generation uses unit-by-unit decommissioning cost studies to provide a marketplace assessment of the expected costs (in current year dollars) and timing of decommissioning activities, which are validated by comparison to current decommissioning projects within the industry and other estimates. decommissioning cost studies are updated, on a rotational basis, for each of generation's nuclear units at least every five years, unless circumstances warrant more frequent updates (such as a change in assumed operating life for a nuclear plant). as part of the annual cost study update process, generation evaluates newly assumed costs or substantive changes in previously assumed costs to determine if the cost estimate impacts are sufficiently material to warrant application of the updated estimates to the aros across the nuclear fleet outside of the normal five-year rotating cost study update cycle.
cost escalation factors generation uses cost escalation factors to escalate the decommissioning costs from the decommissioning cost studies discussed above through the assumed decommissioning period for each of the units. cost escalation studies, updated on an annual basis, are used to determine escalation factors, and are based on inflation indices for labor, equipment and materials, energy, llrw disposal and other costs. all of the nuclear aros are adjusted each year for the updated cost escalation factors.
probabilistic cash flow models generation's probabilistic cash flow models include the assignment of probabilities to various scenarios for decommissioning cost levels, decommissioning approaches, and timing of plant shutdown on a unit-by-unit basis. probabilities assigned to cost levels include an assessment of the likelihood of costs 20% higher (high-cost scenario) or 15% lower (low-cost scenario) than the base cost scenario. probabilities are also assigned to four different decommissioning approaches.
1.   decon - a method of decommissioning shortly after the cessation of operation in which the equipment, structures, and portions of a facility and site containing radioactive contaminants are removed and safely buried in a llrw landfill or decontaminated to a level that permits property to be released for unrestricted use. spent fuel is transferred to dry cask storage as soon as possible until doe acceptance for disposal.
2.   delayed decon - similar to the decon scenario but with a delay to allow for spent fuel to be removed from the site prior to onset of decommissioning activities. spent fuel is retained in existing location (either wet or dry storage) until doe acceptance for disposal.
3.   shortened safstor - similar to the decon scenario but with generally a 30-year delay prior to onset of decommissioning activities. spent fuel is transferred to dry cask storage as soon as possible until doe acceptance for disposal.
4.   safstor - a method of decommissioning in which the nuclear facility is placed and maintained in such condition that the nuclear facility can be safely stored and subsequently decontaminated to levels that permit release for unrestricted use generally within 60 years after cessation of operations. spent fuel is transferred to dry cask storage as soon as possible until doe acceptance for disposal.
108
the actual decommissioning approach selected once a nuclear facility is shutdown will be determined by generation at the time of shutdown and may be influenced by multiple factors including the funding status of the nuclear decommissioning trust fund at the time of shutdown.
the assumed plant shutdown timing scenarios include the following four alternatives: (1) the probability of operating through the original 40-year nuclear license term, (2) the probability of operating through an extended 60-year nuclear license term (regardless of whether such 20-year license extension has been received for each unit), (3) the probability of a second, 20-year license renewal for some nuclear units, and (4) the probability of early plant retirement for certain sites due to changing market conditions and regulatory environments. the successful operation of nuclear plants in the u.s. beyond the initial 40-year license terms has prompted the nrc to consider regulatory and technical requirements for potential plant operations for an 80-year nuclear operating term. as power market and regulatory environment developments occur, generation evaluates and incorporates, as necessary, the impacts of such developments into its nuclear aro assumptions and estimates.
generation's probabilistic cash flow models also include an assessment of the timing of doe acceptance of snf for disposal. generation currently assumes doe will begin accepting snf in 2030. the snf acceptance date assumption is based on management's estimates of the amount of time required for doe to select a site location and develop the necessary infrastructure for long-term snf storage. for more information regarding the estimated date that doe will begin accepting snf, see note 23 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
license renewals except for its clinton unit, generation has successfully obtained initial 20-year operating license renewal extensions (i.e., extending the total license term to 60 years) for all of its operating nuclear units (including the two salem units co-owned by generation, but operated by pseg). generation intends to apply for an initial license renewal for the clinton unit. clinton depreciation provisions are based on 2027 which is the last year of the illinois zero emissions standard. no prior generation initial license extension application has been denied. generation intends to apply for a second 20-year renewal for the peach bottom units 2 and 3.
discount rates the probability-weighted estimated future cash flows for the various assumed scenarios are discounted using credit-adjusted, risk-free rates (carfr) applicable to the various businesses in which each of the nuclear units originally operated. the authoritative guidance required generation to establish an aro at fair value at the time of the initial adoption. subsequent to the initial adoption, the aro is adjusted for changes to estimated costs, timing of future cash flows and modifications to decommissioning assumptions, as described above. the aro is not required or permitted to be re-measured for changes in the carfr that occur in isolation. increases in the aro as a result of upward revisions in estimated undiscounted cash flows are considered new obligations and are measured using a current carfr as the increase creates a new cost layer within the aro. any decrease in the estimated undiscounted future cash flows relating to the aro are treated as a modification of an existing aro cost layer and, therefore, is measured using the average historical carfr rates used in creating the initial aro cost layers. if generation's future nominal cash flows associated with the aro were to be discounted at current prevailing carfr, the obligation would increase from approximately $9.7 billion to approximately $10.3 billion.
to illustrate the significant impact that changes in the carfr, when combined with changes in projected amounts and expected timing of cash flows, can have on the valuation of the aro: i) had generation used the 2016 carfr rather than the 2017 carfr in performing its annual 2017 aro update, generation would have increased the aro by an additional $10 million; and ii) if the carfr
109
used in performing the annual 2017 aro update are increased by 50 basis points or decreased by 50 basis points, the aro would have decreased by $170 million and increased by $30 million, respectively, as compared to the actual decrease of $69 million.
aro sensitivities changes in the assumptions underlying the aro could materially affect the decommissioning obligation. the impact to the aro of a change in any one of these assumptions is highly dependent on how the other assumptions may correspondingly change.
the following table illustrates the effects of changing certain aro assumptions while holding all other assumptions constant (dollars in millions):
change in aro assumption                                                                                                                                increase (decrease) to aro at december 31, 2017
cost escalation studies uniform increase in escalation rates of 50 basis points                                                                                                            $1,690
probabilistic cash flow models increase the estimated costs to decommission the nuclear plants by 10 percent                                                                                         700
increase the likelihood of the decon scenario by 10 percentage points and decrease the likelihood of the safstor scenario by 10 percentage points                     500
shorten each unit's probability weighted operating life assumption by 10%(a)                                                                                          660
extend the estimated date for doe acceptance of snf to 2035                                                                                                           130
__________
(a)   timing sensitivity does not include any sites for which an early plant retirement has been announced.
for more information regarding accounting for nuclear decommissioning obligations, see note 1 - significant accounting policies, note 8 - early nuclear plant retirements and note 15 - asset retirement obligations of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
110
goodwill (exelon, generation, comed, phi and dpl)
as of december 31, 2017, exelon's $6.7 billion carrying amount of goodwill primarily consists of $2.6 billion at comed relating to the acquisition of comed in 2000 as part of the formation of exelon and $4 billion at phi pursuant to exelon's acquisition of phi in the first quarter of 2016. dpl has $8 million of goodwill as of december 31, 2017, related to its 1995 acquisition of the conowingo power company. generation also has goodwill of $47 million as of december 31, 2017. under the provisions of the authoritative guidance for goodwill, these entities are required to perform an assessment for possible impairment of their goodwill at least annually or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the reporting units below their carrying amount. under the authoritative guidance, a reporting unit is an operating segment or one level below an operating segment (known as a component) and is the level at which goodwill is tested for impairment. a component of an operating segment is a reporting unit if the component constitutes a business for which discrete financial information is available and its operating results are regularly reviewed by segment management. comed has a single operating segment, and phi's operating segments are pepco, dpl and ace. see note 25 - segment information of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information. there is no level below these operating segments for which operating results are regularly reviewed by segment management. therefore, the comed, pepco, dpl and ace operating segments are also considered reporting units for goodwill impairment testing purposes. exelon's and comed's $2.6 billion of goodwill has been assigned entirely to the comed reporting unit, while exelon's and phi's $4 billion of goodwill has been assigned to the pepco, dpl and ace reporting units in the amounts of $1.7 billion, $1.1 billion and $1.2 billion, respectively. dpl's $8 million of goodwill is assigned entirely to the dpl reporting unit.
entities assessing goodwill for impairment have the option of first performing a qualitative assessment to determine whether a quantitative assessment is necessary. in performing a qualitative assessment, entities should assess, among other things, macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations including regulatory and political developments, overall financial performance, cost factors, and entity-specific conditions and events. if an entity determines, on the basis of qualitative factors, that the fair value of the reporting unit is more likely than not greater than the carrying amount, no further testing is required. if an entity bypasses the qualitative assessment, or performs the qualitative assessment but determines that it is more likely than not that its fair value is less than its carrying amount, a quantitative two-step, fair value-based test is performed.
exelon's, comed's and phi's accounting policy is to perform a quantitative test of goodwill at least once every three years, or more frequently if events occur or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the reporting unit below its carrying amount. the first step in the quantitative test compares the fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying amount, including goodwill. if the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the second step is performed. the second step requires an allocation of fair value to the individual assets and liabilities using purchase price allocation authoritative guidance in order to determine the implied fair value of goodwill. if the implied fair value of goodwill is less than the carrying amount, an impairment loss is recorded as a reduction to goodwill and a charge to operating expense. in january 2017, the fasb issued a new standard, effective january 1, 2020 with early adoption permitted, that simplifies the accounting for goodwill impairment by removing the second step of the test and, instead, measuring goodwill impairment at the amount by which a reporting unit's carrying value exceeds its fair value (currently the first step in the test). exelon, generation, comed, phi and dpl have not determined whether to early adopt this standard.
application of the goodwill impairment test requires management judgment, including the identification of reporting units and determining the fair value of the reporting unit, which management estimates using a weighted combination of a discounted cash flow analysis and a market multiples analysis. significant assumptions used in these fair value analyses include discount and growth rates,
111
utility sector market performance and transactions, projected operating and capital cash flows for comed's, pepco's, dpl's and ace's businesses and the fair value of debt. in applying the second step (if needed), management must estimate the fair value of specific assets and liabilities of the reporting unit.
for their 2017 annual goodwill impairment assessments, exelon, comed, phi and dpl each qualitatively determined that it was more likely than not that the fair value of their respective reporting unit exceeded their respective carrying value. therefore, comed, phi and dpl did not perform quantitative assessments. as part of their qualitative assessments, comed, phi and dpl evaluated, among other things, management's best estimate of projected operating and capital cash flows for their businesses, outcomes of recent regulatory proceedings, changes in certain market conditions, including the discount rate and regulated utility peer ebitda multiples, and the passing margin from their last quantitative assessments performed as of november 1, 2016.
comed, phi and dpl performed quantitative tests as of november 1, 2016, for their 2016 annual goodwill impairment assessments. the first step of the tests comparing the estimated fair values of the comed, pepco, dpl and ace reporting units to their carrying values, including goodwill, indicated no impairments of goodwill; therefore, no second steps were required.
while the annual assessments indicated no impairments, certain assumptions used to estimate reporting unit fair values are highly sensitive to changes. adverse regulatory actions or changes in significant assumptions could potentially result in future impairments of exelon's, comed's, phi's or dpl's goodwill, which could be material. based on the results of the annual goodwill tests performed as of november 1, 2016, the estimated fair values of the comed, pepco, dpl and ace reporting units would have needed to decrease by more than 30%, 10%, 10% and 10%, respectively, for exelon, comed and phi to have failed the first step of their respective impairment tests. for the $8 million of goodwill recorded at dpl related to dpl's 1995 acquisition of the conowingo power company, the fair value of the dpl reporting unit would have needed to decrease by more than 50% for dpl to fail the first step of the impairment test.
see note 1 - significant accounting policies, note 10 - intangible assets and note 14 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
purchase accounting (exelon, generation and phi)
in january 2017, the fasb issued a new standard, effective january 1, 2018 with early adoption permitted, that clarifies the definition of a business with the objective of addressing whether acquisitions/dispositions should be accounted for as acquisitions/dispositions of assets or as acquisitions/dispositions of businesses. the registrants did not early adopt this new standard. see note 1-significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further information.
in accordance with authoritative guidance, the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in an acquired business are recorded at their estimated fair values on the date of acquisition. the difference between the purchase price amount and the net fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recognized as goodwill on the balance sheet if the purchase price exceeds the estimated net fair value or as a bargain purchase gain on the income statement if the purchase price is less than the estimated net fair value. determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed requires management's judgment, often utilizes independent valuation experts and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions with respect to the timing and amounts of future cash inflows and outflows, discount rates, market prices and asset lives, among other items. the judgments made in the determination of the estimated fair value assigned to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, as well as the estimated useful life of each asset and the duration of each liability, could significantly impact the financial statements in periods after acquisition, such as through depreciation and amortization expense. authoritative guidance provides that the allocation of the purchase price may be modified up to one year after the
112
acquisition date as more information is obtained about the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. see note 4 - mergers, acquisitions and dispositions of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
unamortized energy contract assets and liabilities (exelon, generation and phi)
unamortized energy contract assets and liabilities represent the remaining unamortized balances of non-derivative energy contracts that generation has acquired and the electricity contracts exelon has acquired as part of the phi acquisition. the initial amount recorded represents the fair value of the contracts at the time of acquisition. at phi, offsetting regulatory assets or liabilities were also recorded. the unamortized energy contract assets and liabilities and any corresponding regulatory assets or liabilities, respectively, are amortized over the life of the contract in relation to the expected realization of the underlying cash flows. amortization of the unamortized energy contract assets and liabilities is recorded through purchased power and fuel expense or operating revenues, depending on the nature of the underlying contract. refer to note 3 - regulatory matters, note 4 - mergers, acquisitions and dispositions and note 10 - intangible assets of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
impairment of long-lived assets (all registrants)
all registrants regularly monitor and evaluate their long-lived assets and asset groups, excluding goodwill, for impairment when circumstances indicate the carrying value of those assets may not be recoverable. indicators of potential impairment may include a deteriorating business climate, including declines in energy prices, condition of the asset, an asset remaining idle for more than a short period of time, specific regulatory disallowance, advances in technology or plans to dispose of a long-lived asset significantly before the end of its useful life, among others.
the review of long-lived assets and asset groups for impairment utilizes significant assumptions about operating strategies and estimates of future cash flows, which require assessments of current and projected market conditions. for the generation business, forecasting future cash flows requires assumptions regarding forecasted commodity prices for the sale of power and purchases of fuel and the expected operations of assets. a variation in the assumptions used could lead to a different conclusion regarding the recoverability of an asset or asset group and, thus, could have a significant impact on the consolidated financial statements. an impairment evaluation is based on an undiscounted cash flow analysis at the lowest level at which cash flows of the long-lived assets or asset groups are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. for the generation business, the lowest level of independent cash flows is determined by the evaluation of several factors, including the geographic dispatch of the generation units and the hedging strategies related to those units as well as the associated intangible assets or liabilities recorded on the balance sheet. the cash flows from the generating units are generally evaluated at a regional portfolio level with cash flows generated from the customer supply and risk management activities, including cash flows from related intangible assets and liabilities on the balance sheet. in certain cases, generating assets may be evaluated on an individual basis where those assets are contracted on a long-term basis with a third party and operations are independent of other generating assets (typically contracted renewables).
on a quarterly basis, generation assesses its long-lived assets or asset groups for indicators of impairment. if indicators are present for a long-lived asset or asset group, a comparison of the undiscounted expected future cash flows to the carrying value is performed. when the undiscounted cash flow analysis indicates the carrying value of a long-lived asset or asset group is not recoverable, the amount of the impairment loss is determined by measuring the excess of the carrying amount of the long-lived asset or asset group over its fair value. the fair value of the long-lived asset or asset group is dependent upon a market participant's view of the exit price of the assets. this includes significant assumptions of the estimated future cash flows generated by the assets and market discount rates.
113
events and circumstances often do not occur as expected and there will usually be differences between prospective financial information and actual results, and those differences may be material. the determination of fair value is driven by both internal assumptions that include significant unobservable inputs (level 3) such as revenue and generation forecasts, projected capital, and maintenance expenditures and discount rates, as well as information from various public, financial and industry sources.
generation evaluates its equity method investments and other investments in debt and equity securities to determine whether or not they are impaired based on whether the investment has experienced a decline in value that is not temporary in nature. beginning january 1, 2018, the authoritative guidance eliminates the available-for-sale and cost method classifications for equity securities and requires that all equity investments (other than those accounted for using the equity method of accounting) be measured and recorded at fair value with any changes in fair value recorded through earnings. investments in equity securities without readily determinable fair values must be qualitatively assessed for impairment each reporting period and fair value determined if any significant impairment indicators exist. if the fair value is less than the carrying value, the impairment is recorded through earnings immediately in the period in which it is identified without regard to whether the decline in value is temporary in nature. the new authoritative guidance does not impact the classification or measurement of investments in debt securities. see note 1-significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further information.
see note 7 - impairment of long-lived assets and intangibles of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for a discussion of asset impairment evaluations made by exelon.
depreciable lives of property, plant and equipment (all registrants)
the registrants have significant investments in electric generation assets and electric and natural gas transmission and distribution assets. these assets are generally depreciated on a straight-line basis, using the group, composite or unitary methods of depreciation. the group approach is typically for groups of similar assets that have approximately the same useful lives and the composite approach is used for heterogeneous assets that have different lives. under both methods, a reporting entity depreciates the assets over the average life of the assets in the group. the estimation of asset useful lives requires management judgment, supported by formal depreciation studies of historical asset retirement experience. depreciation studies are generally completed every five years, or more frequently if required by a rate regulator or if an event, regulatory action, or change in retirement patterns indicate an update is necessary.
for the utility registrants, depreciation studies generally serve as the basis for amounts allowed in customer rates for recovery of depreciation costs. generally, the utility registrants adjust their depreciation rates for financial reporting purposes concurrent with adjustments to depreciation rates reflected in customer rates, unless the depreciation rates reflected in customer rates do not align with management's judgment as to an appropriate estimated useful life or have not been updated on a timely basis. depreciation expense for comed, bge, pepco, dpl and ace includes an estimated cost of dismantling and removing plant from service upon retirement. actual incurred removal costs are applied against a related regulatory liability or recorded to a regulatory asset if in excess of previously collected removal costs. peco's removal costs are capitalized to accumulated depreciation when incurred, and recorded to depreciation expense over the life of the new asset constructed consistent with peco's regulatory recovery method. estimates for such removal costs are also evaluated in the periodic depreciation studies.
at generation, along with depreciation study results, management considers expected future energy market conditions and generation plant operating costs and capital investment requirements in determining the estimated service lives of its generating facilities. see note 8 - early nuclear plant
114
retirements of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on expected and potential early nuclear plant retirements.
generation completed a depreciation rate study during the first quarter of 2015, which resulted in revised depreciation rates effective january 1, 2015.
comed is required to file an electric distribution depreciation rate study at least every five years with the icc. comed completed an electric distribution and transmission depreciation study and filed the updated depreciation rates with both the icc and ferc in january 2014, resulting in new depreciation rates effective first quarter 2014.
peco is required to file electric distribution and gas depreciation rate studies at least every five years with the papuc. in march 2015, peco filed a depreciation rate study with the papuc for both its electric distribution and gas assets, resulting in new depreciation rates for electric transmission assets effective january 1, 2015, for gas distribution assets effective july 1, 2015, and for electric distribution assets effective january 1, 2016.
the mdpsc does not mandate the frequency or timing of bge's electric distribution or gas depreciation studies. in july 2014, bge filed revised depreciation rates with the mdpsc for both its electric distribution and gas assets, which became effective december 15, 2014. in addition, bge's electric transmission depreciation rates were updated effective april 1, 2015.
the mdpsc does not mandate the frequency or timing of pepco's electric distribution depreciation studies, while the dcpsc directs pepco as to when it should file an electric distribution depreciation study. in 2016 and 2013, pepco filed revised electric distribution depreciation rates with the mdpsc and dcpsc, respectively, with the new rates effective november 15, 2016 and april 16, 2014, respectively. on december 19, 2017, pepco filed an electric distribution rate application which included revised depreciation rates. pepco expects a decision in the fourth quarter of 2018.
neither the dpsc nor the mdpsc mandates the frequency or timing of dpl's electric distribution or gas depreciation studies. on july 20, 2016, dpl filed revised electric depreciation rates with the mdpsc as part of the electric distribution base rate filing, resulting in new depreciation rates effective on april 20, 2017. on may 17, 2016, dpl filed revised electric and natural gas depreciation rates with the dpsc as part of the electric and natural gas base rate case filing, resulting in new electric depreciation rates effective june 1, 2017 and new gas depreciation rates effective july 1, 2017.
the njbpu does not mandate the frequency or timing of ace's electric distribution depreciation studies. in 2012, ace filed revised electric distribution depreciation rates with the njbpu, with the new rates effective july 1, 2013. ace expects to perform an electric distribution depreciation study in 2018.
while ferc does not mandate the frequency or timing of electric transmission depreciation studies, the utility registrants and generation perform studies on all assets every 5 years. pepco, dpl and ace last performed transmission depreciation studies in 1988, 1990, and 2003, respectively, but are adopting exelon's practice and are currently evaluating the timing of the next study.
changes in estimated useful lives of electric generation assets and of electric and natural gas transmission and distribution assets could have a significant impact on the registrants' future results of operations. see note 1 - significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding depreciation and estimated service lives of the property, plant and equipment of the registrants.
defined benefit pension and other postretirement employee benefits (all registrants)
exelon sponsors defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement employee benefit plans for substantially all current employees. see note 16 - retirement benefits of the combined notes to
115
consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the accounting for the defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans.
the measurement of the plan obligations and costs of providing benefits involves various factors, including the development of valuation assumptions and inputs and accounting policy elections. when developing the required assumptions, exelon considers historical information as well as future expectations. the measurement of benefit obligations and costs is affected by several assumptions including the discount rate applied to benefit obligations, the long-term expected rate of return on plan assets, the anticipated rate of increase of health care costs, exelon's expected level of contributions to the plans, the incidence of participant mortality, the expected remaining service period of plan participants, the level of compensation and rate of compensation increases, employee age, length of service, and the long-term expected investment rate credited to employees of certain plans, among others. the assumptions are updated annually and upon any interim remeasurement of the plan obligations. exelon amortizes actuarial gains or losses in excess of a corridor of 10% of the greater of the projected benefit obligation or the market-related value (mrv) of plan assets over the expected average remaining service period of plan participants. pension and other postretirement benefit costs attributed to the operating companies are labor costs and are ultimately allocated to projects within the operating companies, some of which are capitalized.
pension and other postretirement benefit plan assets include equity securities, including u.s. and international securities, and fixed income securities, as well as certain alternative investment classes such as real estate, private equity and hedge funds. see note 16 - retirement benefits of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information on fair value measurements of pension and other postretirement plan assets, including valuation techniques and classification under the fair value hierarchy in accordance with authoritative guidance.
expected rate of return on plan assets in determining the eroa, exelon considers historical economic indicators (including inflation and gdp growth) that impact asset returns, as well as expectation regarding future long-term capital market performance, weighted by exelon's target asset class allocations. exelon calculates the amount of expected return on pension and other postretirement benefit plan assets by multiplying the eroa by the mrv of plan assets at the beginning of the year, taking into consideration anticipated contributions and benefit payments to be made during the year. in determining mrv, the authoritative guidance for pensions and postretirement benefits allows the use of either fair value or a calculated value that recognizes changes in fair value in a systematic and rational manner over not more than five years. for the majority of pension plan assets, exelon uses a calculated value that adjusts for 20% of the difference between fair value and expected mrv of plan assets. use of this calculated value approach enables less volatile expected asset returns to be recognized as a component of pension cost from year to year. for other postretirement benefit plan assets and certain pension plan assets, exelon uses fair value to calculate the mrv. see note 16 - retirement benefits of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further information regarding exelon's eroa assumptions.
discount rate at december 31, 2017 and 2016, the discount rates were determined by developing a spot rate curve based on the yield to maturity of a universe of high-quality non-callable (or callable with make whole provisions) bonds with similar maturities to the related pension and other postretirement benefit obligations. the spot rates are used to discount the estimated future benefit distribution amounts under the pension and other postretirement benefit plans. the discount rate is the single level rate that produces the same result as the spot rate curve. exelon utilizes an analytical tool developed by its actuaries to determine the discount rates. see note 16 - retirement benefits of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further information regarding exelon's discount rate assumptions.
116
health care cost trend rate assumed health care cost trend rates impact the costs reported for exelon's other postretirement benefit plans for participant populations with plan designs that do not have a cap on cost growth. authoritative guidance requires that annual health care cost estimates be developed using past and present health care cost trends (both for exelon and across the broader economy), as well as expectations of health care cost escalation, changes in health care utilization and delivery patterns, technological advances and changes in the health status of plan participants. therefore, the trend rate assumption is subject to significant uncertainty. exelon assumes an ultimate health care cost trend rate of 5.00% has been reached in 2017 for its other postretirement benefit plans.
mortality the mortality assumption is composed of a base table that represents the current expectation of life expectancy of the population adjusted by an improvement scale that attempts to anticipate future improvements in life expectancy. exelon's mortality assumption is supported by an actuarial experience study of exelon's plan participants and utilizes the irs's rp-2000 base table and the scale bb 2-dimensional improvement scale with long-term improvements of 0.75%.
sensitivity to changes in key assumptions the following tables illustrate the effects of changing certain of the actuarial assumptions discussed above, while holding all other assumptions constant (dollars in millions):
actual assumption actuarial assumption                                 pension            opeb   change inassumption      pension                     opeb               total change in 2017 cost:
discount rate (a)                                    4.04%             4.04%                  0.5%      $(72        )           $(16   )            $(88   )
4.04%             4.04%                (0.5)%             89                 19                 108
eroa                                                 7.00%             6.58%                  0.5%      (85         )            (12   )             (97   )
7.00%             6.58%                (0.5)%             85                 12                  97
health care cost trend rate                          na                5.00%                 1.00%      n/a                        9                   9
na                5.00%               (1.00)%      n/a                       (8   )              (8   )
change in benefit obligation at december 31, 2017:
discount rate (a)                                    3.62%             3.61%                  0.5%      (1,183      )           (252   )          (1,435   )
3.62%             3.61%                (0.5)%      1,371                    291               1,662
health care cost trend rate                          na                5.00%                 1.00%      n/a                      125                 125
na                5.00%               (1.00)%      n/a                     (113   )            (113   )
__________
(a)   in general, the discount rate will have a larger impact on the pension and other postretirement benefit cost and obligation as the rate moves closer to 0%. therefore, the discount rate sensitivities above cannot necessarily be extrapolated for larger increases or decreases in the discount rate. additionally, exelon utilizes a liability-driven investment strategy for its pension asset portfolio. the sensitivities shown above do not reflect the offsetting impact that changes in discount rates may have on pension asset returns.
regulatory accounting (exelon, comed, peco, bge, phi, pepco, dpl and ace)
exelon and the utility registrants account for their regulated electric and gas operations in accordance with the authoritative guidance, which requires exelon and the utility registrants to reflect the effects of cost-based rate regulation in their financial statements. this authoritative guidance is
117
applicable to entities with regulated operations that meet the following criteria: (1) rates are established or approved by a third-party regulator; (2) rates are designed to recover the entities' cost of providing services or products; and (3) a reasonable expectation that rates designed to recover costs can be charged to and collected from customers. regulatory assets represent incurred costs that have been deferred because of their probable future recovery from customers through regulated rates. regulatory liabilities represent (1) revenue or gains that have been deferred because it is probable such amounts will be returned to customers through future regulated rates; or (2) billings in advance of expenditures for approved regulatory programs. as of december 31, 2017, exelon and the utility registrants have concluded that the operations of each such registrant meet the criteria to apply the authoritative guidance. if it is concluded in a future period that a separable portion of operations no longer meets the criteria of this authoritative guidance, exelon and the utility registrants would be required to eliminate any associated regulatory assets and liabilities and the impact would be recognized in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income and could be material. at december 31, 2017, the gain (loss) could have been as much as $1.1 billion, $5.3 billion, $280 million, $592 million, $(1.1) billion, $(59) million, $321 million and $(8) million (before taxes) as a result of the elimination of regulatory assets and liabilities of exelon, comed, peco, bge, phi, pepco, dpl and ace, respectively. further, exelon would record a charge against oci (before taxes) of up to $3.8 billion, $2.4 billion, $544 million,$177 million, $407 million, $202 million and $92 million related to exelon's, comed's, bge's, phi's, pepco's, dpl's and ace's respective portions of the deferred costs associated with exelon's pension and other postretirement benefit plans that are recorded as regulatory assets on exelon's consolidated balance sheets. exelon also has a net regulatory liability of $(31) million (before taxes) related to peco's portion of the deferred costs associated with exelon's other postretirement benefit plans that would result in an increase in oci if reversed. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding regulatory matters, including the regulatory assets and liabilities tables of exelon and the utility registrants.
for each regulatory jurisdiction in which they conduct business, exelon and the utility registrants assess whether the regulatory assets and liabilities continue to meet the criteria for probable future recovery or settlement at each balance sheet date and when regulatory events occur. this assessment includes consideration of recent rate orders, historical regulatory treatment for similar costs in each registrant's jurisdictions, and factors such as changes in applicable regulatory and political environments. furthermore, each registrant makes other judgments related to the financial statement impact of their regulatory environments, such as the types of adjustments to rate base that will be acceptable to regulatory bodies, if any, for which costs will be recoverable through rates. refer to the revenue recognition discussion below for additional information on the annual revenue reconciliations associated with icc-approved electric distribution and energy efficiency formula rates for comed, and ferc transmission formula rate tariffs for comed, peco, bge, pepco, dpl and ace. additionally, estimates are made in accordance with the authoritative guidance for contingencies as to the amount of revenues billed under certain regulatory orders that may ultimately be refunded to customers upon finalization of applicable regulatory or judicial processes. these assessments are based, to the extent possible, on past relevant experience with regulatory bodies in each registrant's jurisdictions, known circumstances specific to a particular matter and hearings held with the applicable regulatory body. if the assessments and estimates made by exelon and the utility registrants for regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities are ultimately different than actual regulatory outcomes, the impact on their results of operations, cash flows and financial positions could be material.
the registrants treat the impacts of a final rate order received after the balance sheet date but prior to the issuance of the financial statements as a non-recognized subsequent event, as the receipt of a final rate order is a separate and distinct event that has future impacts on the parties affected by the order.
118
accounting for derivative instruments (all registrants)
the registrants use derivative instruments to manage commodity price risk, foreign currency exchange risk and interest rate risk related to ongoing business operations. the registrants' derivative activities are in accordance with exelon's risk management policy (rmp). see note 12 - derivative financial instruments of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the registrants' derivative instruments.
the registrants account for derivative financial instruments under the applicable authoritative guidance. determining whether a contract qualifies as a derivative requires that management exercise significant judgment, including assessing market liquidity as well as determining whether a contract has one or more underlyings and one or more notional quantities. changes in management's assessment of contracts and the liquidity of their markets, and changes in authoritative guidance, could result in previously excluded contracts becoming in scope to new authoritative guidance. generation has determined that contracts to purchase uranium, contracts to purchase and sell capacity in certain iso's, certain emission products, zecs and recs do not meet the definition of a derivative as they do not provide for net settlement and the uranium, certain capacity, emission and zec and rec markets are not sufficiently liquid to conclude that physical forward contracts are readily convertible to cash. if these markets become sufficiently liquid, then generation would be required to account for these contracts as derivative instruments. in this case, if market prices differ from the underlying prices of the contracts, generation would be required to record mark-to-market gains or losses, which could have a material impact to exelon's and generation's results of operations and financial positions.
under current authoritative guidance, all derivatives are recognized on the balance sheet at their fair value, except for certain derivatives that qualify for, and are elected under, the normal purchases and normal sales exception. further, derivatives that qualify and are designated for hedge accounting are classified as either fair value or cash flow hedges. for fair value hedges, changes in fair values for both the derivative and the underlying hedged exposure are recognized in earnings immediately. for cash flow hedges, the portion of the derivative gain or loss that is effective in offsetting the change in the hedged cash flows of the underlying exposure is deferred in aoci and reclassified into earnings when the underlying transaction occurs. gains and losses from the ineffective portion of any hedge are recognized in earnings immediately. the registrants rarely elect hedge accounting for commodity transactions. economic commodity hedges are recorded at fair value through earnings. in addition, for commodity derivatives executed for proprietary trading purposes, changes in the fair value of the derivatives are recognized in earnings immediately. for economic hedges that are not designated for hedge accounting for the utility registrants, changes in the fair value each period are generally recorded with a corresponding offsetting regulatory asset or liability given likelihood of recovering the associated costs through customer rates.
normal purchases and normal sales exception as part of generation's energy marketing business, generation enters into contracts to buy and sell energy to meet the requirements of its customers. these contracts include short-term and long-term commitments to purchase and sell energy and energy-related products in the retail and wholesale markets with the intent and ability to deliver or take delivery. while some of these contracts are considered derivative financial instruments under the authoritative guidance, certain of these qualifying transactions have been designated by generation as normal purchases and normal sales transactions, which are thus not required to be recorded at fair value, but rather on an accrual basis of accounting. determining whether a contract qualifies for the normal purchases and normal sales exception requires judgment on whether the contract will physically deliver and requires that management ensure compliance with all of the associated qualification and documentation requirements. revenues and expenses on contracts that qualify as normal purchases and normal sales are recognized when the underlying physical transaction is completed. contracts that qualify for the normal purchases and normal sales exception
119
are those for which physical delivery is probable, quantities are expected to be used or sold in the normal course of business over a reasonable period of time and the contract is not financially settled on a net basis. the contracts that comed has entered into with suppliers as part of comed's energy procurement process, peco's full requirement contracts under the papuc-approved dsp program, most of peco's natural gas supply agreements, all of bge's full requirement contracts and natural gas supply agreements that are derivatives and certain pepco, dpl and ace full requirement contracts qualify for and are accounted for under the normal purchases and normal sales exception.
commodity contracts identification of a commodity contract as an economic hedge requires generation to determine that the contract is in accordance with the rmp. generation reassesses its economic hedges on a regular basis to determine if they continue to be within the guidelines of the rmp.
as a part of the authoritative guidance, the registrants make estimates and assumptions concerning future commodity prices, load requirements, interest rates, the timing of future transactions and their probable cash flows, the fair value of contracts and the expected changes in the fair value in deciding whether or not to enter into derivative transactions, and in determining the initial accounting treatment for derivative transactions. under the authoritative guidance for fair value measurements, the registrants categorize these derivatives under a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value.
derivative contracts are traded in both exchange-based and non-exchange-based markets. exchange-based derivatives that are valued using unadjusted quoted prices in active markets are generally categorized in level 1 in the fair value hierarchy.
certain derivatives' pricing is verified using indicative price quotations available through brokers or over-the-counter, on-line exchanges. the price quotations reflect the average of the bid-ask mid-point from markets that the registrants believe provide the most liquid market for the commodity. the price quotations are reviewed and corroborated to ensure the prices are observable and representative of an orderly transaction between market participants. the registrant's derivatives are traded predominately at liquid trading points. the remaining derivative contracts are valued using models that consider inputs such as contract terms, including maturity, and market parameters, and assumptions of the future prices of energy, interest rates, volatility, credit worthiness and credit spread. for derivatives that trade in liquid markets, such as generic forwards, swaps and options, the model inputs are generally observable. such instruments are categorized in level 2.
for derivatives that trade in less liquid markets with limited pricing information, the model inputs generally would include both observable and unobservable inputs and are categorized in level 3.
the registrants consider nonperformance risk, including credit risk in the valuation of derivative contracts, including both historical and current market data in its assessment of nonperformance risk, including credit risk. the impacts of nonperformance and credit risk to date have generally not been material to the financial statements.
interest rate and foreign exchange derivative instruments the registrants may utilize fixed-to-floating interest rate swaps, which are typically designated as fair value hedges, to achieve the targeted level of variable-rate debt as a percent of total debt. additionally, the registrants may use forward-starting interest rate swaps and treasury rate locks to lock in interest-rate levels and floating to fixed swaps for project financing. in addition, generation enters into interest rate derivative contracts to economically hedge risk associated with the interest rate component of commodity positions. the characterization of the interest rate derivative contracts between the economic hedge and proprietary trading activity is driven by the corresponding characterization of the underlying
120
commodity position that gives rise to the interest rate exposure. generation does not utilize interest rate derivatives with the objective of benefiting from shifts or changes in market interest rates. to manage foreign exchange rate exposure associated with international energy purchases in currencies other than u.s. dollars, generation utilizes foreign currency derivatives, which are typically designated as economic hedges. the fair value of the agreements is calculated by discounting the future net cash flows to the present value based on observable inputs and are primarily categorized in level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. certain exchange based interest rate derivatives that are valued using unadjusted quoted prices in active markets are categorized in level 1 in the fair value hierarchy.
see item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk and note 11 - fair value of financial assets and liabilities and note 12 - derivative financial instruments of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the registrants' derivative instruments.
taxation (all registrants)
significant management judgment is required in determining the registrants' provisions for income taxes, primarily due to the uncertainty related to tax positions taken, as well as deferred tax assets and liabilities and valuation allowances. in accordance with applicable authoritative guidance, the registrants account for uncertain income tax positions using a benefit recognition model with a two-step approach including a more-likely-than-not recognition threshold and a measurement approach based on the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. if it is not more-likely-than-not that the benefit of the tax position will be sustained on its technical merits, no benefit is recorded. uncertain tax positions that relate only to timing of when an item is included on a tax return are considered to have met the recognition threshold. management evaluates each position based solely on the technical merits and facts and circumstances of the position, assuming the position will be examined by a taxing authority having full knowledge of all relevant information. significant judgment is required to determine whether the recognition threshold has been met and, if so, the appropriate amount of tax benefits to be recorded in the registrants' consolidated financial statements.
the registrants evaluate quarterly the probability of realizing deferred tax assets by reviewing a forecast of future taxable income and their intent and ability to implement tax planning strategies, if necessary, to realize deferred tax assets. the registrants also evaluate for negative evidence that could indicate the registrant's inability to realize its deferred tax assets, such as historical operating loss or tax credit carryforward expiration. based on the combined assessment, the registrants record valuation allowances for deferred tax assets when they conclude it is more-likely-than-not such benefit will not be realized in future periods.
actual income taxes could vary from estimated amounts due to the future impacts of various items, including future changes in income tax laws, the registrants' forecasted financial condition and results of operations, failure to successfully implement tax planning strategies, as well as results of audits and examinations of filed tax returns by taxing authorities. the registrants have recorded the provisional income tax amounts as of december 31, 2017 for changes pursuant to the tcja related to depreciation for which the impacts could not be finalized upon issuance of the registrants' financial statements, but for which reasonable estimates could be determined. in accordance with sab 118, additional remeasurement may occur based on technical corrections or other forms of guidance issued, which may result in material changes to previously finalized provisions. while the registrants believe the resulting tax balances as of december 31, 2017 and 2016 are appropriately accounted for in accordance with the applicable authoritative guidance, the ultimate outcome of tax matters could result in favorable or unfavorable adjustments that could be material to their consolidated financial statements. see note 14 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding taxes.
121
accounting for loss contingencies (all registrants)
in the preparation of their financial statements, the registrants make judgments regarding the future outcome of contingent events and record liabilities for loss contingencies that are probable and can be reasonably estimated based upon available information. the amount recorded may differ from the actual expense incurred when the uncertainty is resolved. such difference could have a significant impact on the registrants' consolidated financial statements.
environmental costs environmental investigation and remediation liabilities are based upon estimates with respect to the number of sites for which the registrants will be responsible, the scope and cost of work to be performed at each site, the portion of costs that will be shared with other parties, the timing of the remediation work and changes in technology, regulations and the requirements of local governmental authorities. periodic studies are conducted at the utility registrants to determine future remediation requirements for mgp sites and estimates are adjusted accordingly. in addition, periodic reviews are performed at each of the registrants to assess the adequacy of other environmental reserves. these matters, if resolved in a manner different from the estimate, could have a significant impact on the registrants' results of operations, cash flows and financial positions. see note 23 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further information.
other, including personal injury claims the registrants are self-insured for general liability, automotive liability, workers' compensation, and personal injury claims to the extent that losses are within policy deductibles or exceed the amount of insurance maintained. the registrants have reserves for both open claims asserted and an estimate of claims incurred but not reported (ibnr). the ibnr reserve is estimated based on actuarial assumptions and analysis and is updated annually. future events, such as the number of new claims to be filed each year, the average cost of disposing of claims, as well as the numerous uncertainties surrounding litigation and possible state and national legislative measures could cause the actual costs to be higher or lower than estimated. accordingly, these claims, if resolved in a manner different from the estimate, could have a material impact on the registrants' results of operations, cash flows and financial positions.
revenue recognition (all registrants)
sources of revenue and determination of accounting treatment the registrants earn revenues from various business activities including: the sale of energy and energy-related products, such as natural gas, capacity, and other commodities in non-regulated markets (wholesale and retail); the sale and delivery of electricity and natural gas in regulated markets; and the provision of other energy-related non-regulated products and services.
the accounting treatment for revenue recognition is based on the nature of the underlying transaction and applicable authoritative guidance. the registrants primarily use accrual, mark-to-market, and alternative revenue program (arp) accounting as discussed in more detail below. beginning on january 1, 2018, the registrants will begin applying the revenue from contracts with customers guidance to recognize revenue. see note 1 - significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
accrual accounting under accrual accounting, the registrants recognize revenues in the period when services are rendered or energy is delivered to customers. the registrants generally use accrual accounting to recognize revenues for sales of electricity, natural gas and other commodities as part of their physical delivery activities. the registrants enter into these sales transactions using a variety of instruments,
122
including non-derivative agreements, derivatives that qualify for and are designated as normal purchases and normal sales (npns) of commodities that will be physically delivered, sales to utility customers under regulated service tariffs and spot-market sales, including settlements with independent system operators.
the determination of generation's and the utility registrants' energy sales to individual customers is based on systematic readings of customer meters generally on a monthly basis. at the end of each month, amounts of energy delivered to customers since the date of the last meter reading are estimated, and corresponding unbilled revenue is recorded. the measurement of unbilled revenue is affected by the following factors: daily customer usage measured by energy or gas throughput volume, customer usage by class, losses of energy during delivery to customers and applicable customer rates. increases or decreases in volumes delivered to the utilities' customers and favorable or unfavorable rate mix due to changes in usage patterns in customers classes in the period could be significant to the calculation of unbilled revenue. in addition, unbilled revenues may fluctuate monthly as a result of customers electing to use an alternate supplier, since unbilled commodity receivables are not recorded for these customers. changes in the timing of meter reading schedules and the number and type of customers scheduled for each meter reading date also impact the measurement of unbilled revenue, however, total operating revenues would remain materially unchanged. see note 5 - accounts receivable of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on unbilled revenue.
mark-to-market accounting the registrants record revenues and expenses using the mark-to-market method of accounting for transactions that meet the definition of a derivative for which they are not permitted, or have not elected, the npns exception. these mark-to-market transactions primarily relate to commodity price risk management activities. mark-to-market revenues and expenses include: inception gains or losses on new transactions where the fair value is observable and realized; and unrealized gains and losses from changes in the fair value of open contracts.
alternative revenue program accounting certain of the utility registrants' ratemaking mechanisms qualify as arps if they meet certain criteria. at each balance sheet date, the utility registrants with such mechanisms, including comed's electric distribution and energy efficiency formulas, and comed's, peco's, bge's, pepco's, dpl's, and ace's ferc transmission formula rates, record arp revenues for any differences between the prior year revenue requirement in effect in rates and their best estimate of the current year revenue requirement that is probable of approval by the icc or ferc. estimates of the current year revenue requirement are based on actual and/or forecasted costs and investment in rate base for the period and the rates of return on common equity and associated regulatory capital structure allowed under the applicable tariff. comed, bge, pepco, and dpl also have decoupling mechanisms which qualify as arps. the utility registrants recognize and record an offsetting regulatory asset or liability once the condition or event allowing for the automatic adjustment of future rates occurs.
the utility registrants' arp revenues include both: (i) the recognition of "originating" arp revenues (when the regulator-specified condition or event allowing for additional billing or refund has occurred) and (ii) an equal and offsetting reversal of the "originating" arp revenues as those amounts are reflected in the price of utility service see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further information.
123
allowance for uncollectible accounts (all registrants)
the allowance for uncollectible accounts reflects the registrants' best estimates of losses on the accounts receivable balances. for generation, the allowance is based on accounts receivable aging historical experience and other currently available information. comed, peco, bge, pepco, dpl and ace, estimate the allowance for uncollectible accounts on customer receivables by applying loss rates developed specifically for each company to the outstanding receivable balance by customer risk segment. risk segments represent a group of customers with similar credit quality indicators that are comprised based on various attributes, including delinquency of their balances and payment history. loss rates applied to the accounts receivable balances are based on a historical average of charge-offs as a percentage of accounts receivable in each risk segment. the utility registrants' customer accounts are generally considered delinquent if the amount billed is not received by the time the next bill is issued, which normally occurs on a monthly basis. utility registrants' customer accounts are written off consistent with approved regulatory requirements. utility registrants' allowances for uncollectible accounts will continue to be affected by changes in volume, prices and economic conditions as well as changes in icc, papuc, mdpsc, dcpsc, dpsc and njbpu regulations. see note 5 - accounts receivable of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding accounts receivable.
results of operations by business segment the comparisons of operating results and other statistical information for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 set forth below include intercompany transactions, which are eliminated in exelon's consolidated financial statements.
net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders by registrant for the years ended december 31,            favorable (unfavorable) 2017 vs. 2016 variance             for the year ended december 31, 2015           favorable (unfavorable) 2016 vs. 2015 variance
2017                                                   2016
exelon            $3,770                      $1,134                                         $2,636                                              $2,269                                               $(1,135                 )
generation         2,694                         496                                          2,198                                               1,372                                                  (876                 )
comed                567                         378                                            189                                                 426                                                   (48                 )
peco                 434                         438                                             (4                 )                               378                                                    60
bge                  307                         286                                             21                                                 275                                                    11
pepco                205                          42                                            163                                                 187                                                  (145                 )
dpl                  121                          (9      )                                     130                                                  76                                                   (85                 )
ace                   77                         (42      )                                     119                                                  40                                                   (82                 )
successor                                                                                  predecessor for the year ended december 31, 2017             march 24, 2016 to december 31, 2016       january 1, 2016 to march 23, 2016             for the year ended december 31, 2015
phi   $362                                             $(61                        )             $19                                           $327
124
results of operations-generation
2017                                                                                      2016            favorable (unfavorable) 2017 vs. 2016 variance                2015            favorable (unfavorable) 2016 vs. 2015 variance operating revenues                                             $18,466             $17,751                                        $715                           $19,135                                     $(1,384                 )
purchased power and fuel expense                                 9,690               8,830                                        (860                 )          10,021                                       1,191
revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense(a)              8,776               8,921                                        (145                 )           9,114                                        (193                 )
other operating expenses operating and maintenance                                        6,291               5,641                                        (650                 )           5,308                                        (333                 )
depreciation and amortization                                    1,457               1,879                                         422                             1,054                                        (825                 )
taxes other than income                                            555                 506                                         (49                 )             489                                         (17                 )
total other operating expenses                                   8,303               8,026                                        (277                 )           6,851                                      (1,175                 )
gain (loss) on sales of assets                                       2                 (59   )                                      61                                12                                         (71                 )
bargain purchase gain                                              233                   -                                         233                                 -                                           -
gain on deconsolidation of business                                213                   -                                         213                                 -                                           -
operating income                                                   921                 836                                          85                             2,275                                      (1,439                 )
other income and (deductions)
interest expense                                                  (440   )            (364   )                                     (76                 )            (365   )                                       1
other, net                                                         948                 401                                         547                               (60   )                                     461
total other income and (deductions)                                508                  37                                         471                              (425   )                                     462
income before income taxes                                       1,429                 873                                         556                             1,850                                        (977                 )
income taxes                                                    (1,375   )             290                                       1,665                               502                                         212
equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates                      (33   )             (25   )                                      (8                 )              (8   )                                     (17                 )
net income                                                       2,771                 558                                       2,213                             1,340                                        (782                 )
net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests          77                  62                                          15                               (32   )                                      94
net income attributable to membership interest                  $2,694                $496                                      $2,198                            $1,372                                       $(876                 )
__________
(a)   generation evaluates its operating performance using the measure of revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense. generation believes that revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense is a useful measurement because it provides information that can be used to evaluate its operational performance. revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense is not a presentation defined under gaap and may not be comparable to other companies' presentations or deemed more useful than the gaap information provided elsewhere in this report.
125
net income attributable to membership interest year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016. generation's net income attributable to membership interest increased compared to the same period in 2016, primarily due to lower depreciation and amortization, a bargain purchase gain in 2017, a gain on deconsolidation of business in 2017, higher other income and decreased income taxes, partially offset by lower revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense and higher operating and maintenance expense. the decrease in depreciation and amortization expense is primarily due to lower accelerated depreciation and amortization as a result of the 2017 decision to early retire the tmi nuclear facility compared to the previous decision in 2016 to early retire clinton and quad cities nuclear facilities. the bargain purchase gain is due to the acquisition of the fitzpatrick nuclear facility. the gain on deconsolidation of business in 2017 is due to the deconsolidation of egtp's net liabilities, which included the previously impaired assets and related debt, as a result of the november 2017 bankruptcy filing. the increase in other income is primarily due to higher realized ndt fund gains. the decrease in income taxes primarily relates to the one-time non-cash impacts associated with the tax cuts and jobs act. the decrease in revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense primarily reflects lower realized energy prices, the impacts of lower load volumes delivered due to mild weather in the third quarter 2017, the conclusion of the ginna reliability support services agreement and the impact of declining natural gas prices on generation's natural gas portfolio, partially offset by the impact of the new york ces, higher capacity prices, the addition of two combined-cycle gas turbines in texas and lower nuclear fuel prices. the increase in operating and maintenance expense is primarily related to the impairment of egtp in 2017.
year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015. generation's net income attributable to membership interest decreased compared to the same period in 2015, primarily due to lower revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense, higher operating and maintenance expense, higher depreciation and amortization expense, and losses on sales of assets in 2016, partially offset by increased other income and decreased income tax expense. the decrease in revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense primarily relates to lower mark-to-market results in 2016 compared to 2015 and lower realized energy prices, partially offset by the ginna reliability support services agreement and a decrease in outage days at higher capacity units despite an increase in overall outage days. the increase in operating and maintenance expense is primarily related to the impairment of upstream assets and certain wind projects, and increased costs related to the implementation of the cost management program. the increase in depreciation and amortization expense is primarily related to accelerated depreciation and amortization expense related to the previous decision to early retire the clinton and quad cities nuclear generating facilities, increased nuclear decommissioning amortization and increased depreciation expense due to ongoing capital expenditures. the increase in losses on sales of assets is primarily due to generation's strategic decision to narrow the scope and scale of its growth and development activities. the increase in other income is primarily due to the change in realized and unrealized gains and losses on ndt funds.
revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense the basis for generation's reportable segments is the integrated management of its electricity business that is located in different geographic regions, and largely representative of the footprints of iso/rto and/or nerc regions, which utilize multiple supply sources to provide electricity through various distribution channels (wholesale and retail). generation's hedging strategies and risk metrics are also aligned with these same geographic regions. descriptions of each of generation's six reportable segments are as follows:
•   mid-atlantic represents operations in the eastern half of pjm, which includes new jersey, maryland, virginia, west virginia, delaware, the district of columbia and parts of pennsylvania and north carolina.
126
•   midwest represents operations in the western half of pjm, which includes portions of illinois, pennsylvania, indiana, ohio, michigan, kentucky and tennessee, and the united states footprint of miso excluding miso's southern region, which covers all or most of north dakota, south dakota, nebraska, minnesota, iowa, wisconsin, the remaining parts of illinois, indiana, michigan and ohio not covered by pjm, and parts of montana, missouri and kentucky.
•   new england represents the operations within iso-ne covering the states of connecticut, maine, massachusetts, new hampshire, rhode island and vermont.
•   new york represents operations within iso-ny, which covers the state of new york in its entirety.
•   ercot represents operations within electric reliability council of texas, covering most of the state of texas.
•   other power regions:
•   south represents operations in the frcc, miso's southern region, and the remaining portions of the serc not included within miso or pjm, which includes all or most of florida, arkansas, louisiana, mississippi, alabama, georgia, tennessee, north carolina, south carolina and parts of missouri, kentucky and texas. generation's south region also includes operations in the spp, covering kansas, oklahoma, most of nebraska and parts of new mexico, texas, louisiana, missouri, mississippi and arkansas.
•   west represents operations in the wecc, which includes california iso, and covers the states of california, oregon, washington, arizona, nevada, utah, idaho, colorado, and parts of new mexico, wyoming and south dakota.
•   canada represents operations across the entire country of canada and includes the aeso, oieso and the canadian portion of miso.
the following business activities are not allocated to a region, and are reported under other: natural gas, as well as other miscellaneous business activities that are not significant to generation's overall operating revenues or results of operations. further, the following activities are not allocated to a region, and are reported in other: amortization of certain intangible assets relating to commodity contracts recorded at fair value from mergers and acquisitions; accelerated nuclear fuel amortization associated with nuclear decommissioning; and other miscellaneous revenues.
generation evaluates the operating performance of electric business activities using the measure of revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense, which is a non-gaap measurement. generation's operating revenues include all sales to third parties and affiliated sales to the utility registrants. purchased power costs include all costs associated with the procurement and supply of electricity including capacity, energy and ancillary services. fuel expense includes the fuel costs for owned generation and fuel costs associated with tolling agreements.
127
for the years ended december 31, 2017 compared to 2016 and december 31, 2016 compared to 2015, generation's revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense by region were as follows:
2017 vs. 2016                                               2016 vs. 2015
2017                                                                                           2016           variance            % change                2015           variance             % change mid-atlantic(a)                                                      $3,214              $3,317             $(103    )         (3.1   )%            $3,571             $(254    )          (7.1   )%
midwest(b)                                                            2,820               2,971              (151    )         (5.1   )%             2,892                79                2.7   %
new england                                                             514                 438                76              17.4   %                461               (23    )          (5.0   )%
new york(d)                                                             976                 742               234              31.5   %                634               108               17.0   %
ercot                                                                   332                 281                51              18.1   %                293               (12    )          (4.1   )%
other power regions                                                     305                 336               (31    )         (9.2   )%               250                86               34.4   %
total electric revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense       8,161               8,085                76               0.9   %              8,101               (16    )          (0.2   )%
proprietary trading                                                      18                  15                 3              n.m.                      1                14               n.m.
mark-to-market gains (losses)                                          (175   )             (41   )          (134    )        326.8   %                257              (298    )        (116.0   )%
other(c)                                                                772                 862               (90    )        (10.4   )%               755               107               14.2   %
total revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense                $8,776              $8,921             $(145    )         (1.6   )%            $9,114             $(193    )          (2.1   )%
_________
(a)   results of transactions with peco and bge are included in the mid-atlantic region. results of transactions with pepco, dpl, and ace are included in the mid-atlantic region beginning on march 24, 2016, the day after the phi merger was completed.
(b)   results of transactions with comed are included in the midwest region.
(c)   other represents activities not allocated to a region. see text above for a description of included activities. includes amortization of intangible assets related to commodity contracts recorded at fair value of a $54 million decrease to rnf, an $57 million decrease to rnf, and an $8 million increase to rnf for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015, respectively, and accelerated nuclear fuel amortization associated with announced early plant retirements, as discussed in note 8 - early nuclear plant retirements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements, of $12 million and $60 million for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
(d)   includes the ownership of the fitzpatrick nuclear facility from march 31, 2017.
128
generation's supply sources by region are summarized below:
2017 vs. 2016                                             2016 vs. 2015
supply source (gwh)                    2017              2016            variance            % change              2015            variance            % change nuclear generation(a)
mid-atlantic                    64,466             63,447            1,019                 1.6      %        63,283              164                 0.3      %
midwest                         93,344             94,668           (1,324   )            (1.4     )%        93,422            1,246                 1.3      %
new york(c)                     25,033             18,684            6,349                34.0      %        18,769              (85   )            (0.5     )%
total nuclear generation       182,843            176,799            6,044                 3.4      %       175,474            1,325                 0.8      %
fossil and renewables mid-atlantic                     2,789              2,731               58                 2.1      %         2,774              (43   )            (1.6     )%
midwest                          1,482              1,488               (6   )            (0.4     )%         1,547              (59   )            (3.8     )%
new england                      7,179              6,968              211                 3.0      %         2,983            3,985               133.6      %
new york                             3                  3                -                   -      %             3                -                   -      %
ercot                           12,072              6,785            5,287                77.9      %         5,763            1,022                17.7      %
other power regions              6,869              8,179           (1,310   )           (16.0     )%         7,848              331                 4.2      %
total fossil and renewables     30,394             26,154            4,240                16.2      %        20,918            5,236                25.0      %
purchased power mid-atlantic                     9,801             16,874           (7,073   )           (41.9     )%         8,160            8,714               106.8      %
midwest                          1,373              2,255             (882   )           (39.1     )%         2,325              (70   )            (3.0     )%
new england                     18,517             16,632            1,885                11.3      %        24,309           (7,677   )           (31.6     )%
new york                            28                  -               28                   -      %             -                -                   -      %
ercot                            7,346             10,637           (3,291   )           (30.9     )%        10,070              567                 5.6      %
other power regions             14,530             13,589              941                 6.9      %        18,773           (5,184   )           (27.6     )%
total purchased power           51,595             59,987           (8,392   )           (14.0     )%        63,637           (3,650   )            (5.7     )%
total supply/sales by region mid-atlantic(b)                 77,056             83,052           (5,996   )            (7.2     )%        74,217            8,835                11.9      %
midwest(b)                      96,199             98,411           (2,212   )            (2.2     )%        97,294            1,117                 1.1      %
new england                     25,696             23,600            2,096                 8.9      %        27,292           (3,692   )           (13.5     )%
new york                        25,064             18,687            6,377                34.1      %        18,772              (85   )            (0.5     )%
ercot                           19,418             17,422            1,996                11.5      %        15,833            1,589                10.0      %
other power regions             21,399             21,768             (369   )            (1.7     )%        26,621           (4,853   )           (18.2     )%
total supply/sales by region   264,832            262,940            1,892                 0.7      %       260,029            2,911                 1.1      %
__________
(a)   includes the proportionate share of output where generation has an undivided ownership interest in jointly-owned generating plants and includes the total output of plants that are fully consolidated (e.g. ceng).
(b)   includes affiliate sales to peco and bge in the mid-atlantic region and affiliate sales to comed in the midwest region. as a result of the phi merger, includes affiliate sales to pepco, dpl and ace in the mid-atlantic region beginning on march 24, 2016.
(c)   includes the ownership of the fitzpatrick nuclear facility from march 31, 2017.
129
mid-atlantic year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016. the $103 million decrease in revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense in the mid-atlantic primarily reflects lower load volumes, lower realized energy prices and decreased capacity prices, partially offset by the absence of oil inventory write-downs in 2017 and decreased nuclear outage days.
year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015. the $254 million decrease in revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense in the mid-atlantic was primarily due to lower realized energy prices, decreased capacity prices and higher oil inventory write-downs in 2016, partially offset by increased load volumes served.
midwest year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016. the $151 million decrease in revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense in the midwest primarily reflects lower realized energy prices and increased nuclear outage days, partially offset by decreased fuel prices.
year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015. the $79 million increase in revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense in the midwest was primarily due to decreased nuclear outage days and decreased nuclear fuel prices.
new england year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016. the $76 million increase in revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense in new england was driven by increased capacity prices, partially offset by lower realized energy prices.
year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015. the $23 million decrease in revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense in new england was primarily due to lower realized energy prices and higher oil inventory write-downs in 2016, partially offset by increased capacity prices.
new york year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016.  the $234 million increase in revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense in new york was primarily due to the impact of the new york ces and the acquisition of fitzpatrick, partially offset by the conclusion of the ginna reliability support service agreement and lower realized energy prices.
year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015. the $108 million increase in revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense in new york was primarily due to the impact of the ginna reliability support service agreement, partially offset by lower realized energy prices.
ercot year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016.  the $51 million increase in revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense in ercot was primarily due to the addition of two combined-cycle gas turbines in texas, partially offset by lower realized energy prices.
year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015. the $12 million decrease in revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense in ercot was primarily due to lower realized energy prices, partially offset by increased output from renewable assets.
130
other power regions year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016.  the $31 million decrease in revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense in other power regions was primarily due to lower realized energy prices.
year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015. the $86 million increase in revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense in other power regions was primarily due to higher realized energy prices.
proprietary trading year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016.  the $3 million increase in revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense in proprietary trading was primarily due to congestion activity.
year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015.  the $14 million increase in revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense in proprietary trading was primarily due to congestion activity.
mark-to-market generation is exposed to market risks associated with changes in commodity prices and executes economic hedges to mitigate exposure to these fluctuations. see note 11 - fair value of financial assets and liabilities and note 12 - derivative financial instruments of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for information on gains and losses associated with mark-to-market derivatives.
year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016. mark-to-market losses on economic hedging activities were $175 million in 2017 compared to losses of $41 million in 2016.
year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015. mark-to-market losses on economic hedging activities were $41 million in 2016 compared to gains of $257 million in 2015.
other year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016. the $90 million decrease in other revenue net of purchased power and fuel was primarily due to the impacts of declining natural gas prices on generation's natural gas portfolio and the decline in revenues related to the distributed generation business, partially offset by a decrease in accelerated nuclear fuel amortization associated with announced early plant retirements as discussed in note 8 - early nuclear plant retirements of the combined notes to the financial statements.
year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015. the $107 million increase in other revenue net of purchased power and fuel was primarily due to revenue related to the inclusion of pepco energy services results in 2016 and revenue related to energy efficiency projects, partially offset by the amortization of energy contracts recorded at fair value associated with prior acquisitions, and accelerated nuclear fuel amortization associated with the initial early retirement decision for clinton and quad cities as discussed in note 8 - early nuclear plant retirements of the combined notes to the financial statements.
131
nuclear fleet capacity factor the following table presents nuclear fleet operating data for 2017, as compared to 2016 and 2015, for the generation-operated plants. the nuclear fleet capacity factor presented in the table is defined as the ratio of the actual output of a plant over a period of time to its output if the plant had operated at full average annual mean capacity for that time period. generation considers capacity factor to be a useful measure to analyze the nuclear fleet performance between periods. generation has included the analysis below as a complement to the financial information provided in accordance with gaap. however, these measures are not a presentation defined under gaap and may not be comparable to other companies' presentations or be more useful than the gaap information provided elsewhere in this report.
2017                                                 2016          2015
nuclear fleet capacity factor(a)   94.1   %      94.6   %      93.7   %
refueling outage days(a)            293           245           290
non-refueling outage days(a)         53            63            82
__________
(a)   excludes salem, which is operated by pseg nuclear, llc. reflects ownership percentage of stations operated by exelon. includes the ownership of the fitzpatrick nuclear facility from march 31, 2017.
year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016. the nuclear fleet capacity factor, which excludes salem, decreased in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily due to increased refueling outage days, partially offset by fewer non-refueling outage days.
year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015. the nuclear fleet capacity factor, which excludes salem, increased in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to fewer refueling and non-refueling outage days.
132
operating and maintenance expense the changes in operating and maintenance expense for 2017 compared to 2016, consisted of the following:
increase(decrease)(a)
impairment and related charges of certain generating assets(b)                       $307
merger and integration costs                                                           13
aro update(c)                                                                          84
pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense                                10
corporate allocations                                                                  23
plant retirements and divestitures(d)                                                 127
accretion expense(e)                                                                   35
nuclear refueling outage costs, including the co-owned salem plant(f)                 104
merger commitments(g)                                                                 (53         )
labor, other benefits, contracting and materials(h)                                    52
cost management program                                                                (2         )
curtailment of generation growth and development activities(j)                        (24         )
vacation policy change(i)                                                             (40         )
allowance for uncollectible accounts                                                   33
change in environmental remediation liabilities                                        44
other                                                                                 (63         )
increase in operating and maintenance expense                                        $650
__________
(a)   the 2017 financial results include generation's acquisition of the fitzpatrick nuclear generating station from march 31, 2017.
(b)   primarily reflects charges to earnings related to impairments as a result of the egtp assets in 2017 and impairment of upstream assets and certain wind projects in 2016.
(c)   primarily reflects the non-cash benefit pursuant to the annual update of the generation nuclear decommissioning obligation related to the non-regulatory units in 2017 compared to 2016.
(d)   primarily represents the announcement of the early retirement of generation's tmi nuclear facility in 2017 compared to the previous decision to early retire generation's clinton and quad cities nuclear facilities in 2016.
(e)   reflects the impact of increased accretion expenses primarily due to the acquisition of fitzpatrick on march 31, 2017.
(f)   primarily reflects an increase in the number of nuclear outage days during 2017 compared to 2016.
(g)   primarily represents costs incurred as part of the settlement orders approving the phi acquisition during 2016.
(h)   reflects increased salaries, wages and contracting costs primarily related to the acquisition of the fitzpatrick nuclear facility beginning on march 31, 2017.
(i)   represents the reversal of previously accrued vacation expenses as a result of a change in exelon's vacation vesting policy.
(j)   reflects the one-time recognition for a loss on sale of assets and asset impairment charges pursuant to generation's strategic decision in the fourth quarter of 2016 to narrow the scope and scale of its growth and development activities.
133
the changes in operating and maintenance expense for 2016 compared to 2015, consisted of the following:
increase(decrease)
impairment and related charges of certain generating assets (a)                    $161
merger and integration costs                                                         27
midwest generation bankruptcy charges                                                10
aro update(b)                                                                       (79        )
pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense(c)                          (42        )
corporate allocations(d)                                                            (12        )
plant retirements and divestitures(e)                                               (50        )
accretion expense                                                                   (21        )
nuclear refueling outage costs, including the co-owned salem plant(f)               (61        )
merger commitments                                                                   53
labor, other benefits, contracting and materials(g)                                 185
cost management program(h)                                                           43
curtailment of generation growth and development activities(i)                       24
other                                                                                95
increase in operating and maintenance expense                                      $333
__________
(a)   reflects increased impairments in 2016 compared to 2015, primarily related to the impairments of certain upstream assets and wind generating assets in 2016.
(b)   reflects a non-cash benefit pursuant to the annual update of the generation nuclear decommissioning obligation related to the non-regulatory units.
(c)   reflects the favorable impact of higher pension and opeb discount rates.
(d)   reflects a decreased share of corporate allocated costs.
(e)   reflects the impact of the generation's previous decision to early retire the clinton and quad cities nuclear facilities.
(f)   reflects the favorable impacts of decreased nuclear outages in 2016.
(g)   reflects an increase of labor, other benefits, contracting and materials costs primarily due to increased contracting costs related to energy efficiency projects and the inclusion of pepco energy services results in 2016. also includes cost of sales of our other business activities that are not allocated to a region.
(h)   represents the 2016 severance expense and reorganization costs related to a cost management program.
(i)   reflects the one-time recognition for asset impairment charges pursuant to generation's strategic decision in the fourth quarter of 2016 to narrow the scope and scale of its growth and development activities.
depreciation and amortization year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016. depreciation and amortization expense decreased primarily due to accelerated depreciation and increased nuclear decommissioning amortization related to the previous decision to early retire the clinton and quad cities nuclear facilities in 2016 compared to the decision to early retire the three mile island nuclear facility in 2017.
year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015. depreciation and amortization expense increased primarily due to accelerated depreciation and increased nuclear decommissioning amortization related to the previous decision to early retire the clinton and quad cities nuclear facilities in 2016, and increased depreciation expense due to ongoing capital expenditures.
taxes other than income year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016. the increase in taxes other than income was primarily due to increased real estate taxes and sales and use taxes.
134
year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015. the increase in taxes other than income was primarily due to an increase in gross receipts tax.
gain (loss) on sales of assets year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016. the increase in gain (loss) on sales of assets is primarily due to certain generation projects and contracts being terminated or renegotiated in 2016, partially offset by a gain associated with generation's sale of the retired new boston generating site in 2016.
year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015. the decrease in gain (loss) on sales of assets is primarily related to the one-time recognition for a loss on sale of assets pursuant to generation's strategic decision in the fourth quarter of 2016 to narrow the scope and scale of its growth and development activities, partially offset by a gain associated with generation's sale of the retired new boston generating site in 2016.
bargain purchase gain year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016. the increase in the bargain purchase gain is related to the result of the gain associated with the fitzpatrick acquisition. refer to note 4 - mergers, acquisitions and dispositions of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
gain on deconsolidation of business year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016. the increase in the gain on deconsolidation of business is related to the deconsolidation of egtp's net liabilities, which included the previously impaired assets and related debt, as a result of the november 2017 bankruptcy filing. refer to note 4 - mergers, acquisitions and dispositions of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
interest expense the changes in interest expense for 2017 compared to 2016 and 2016 compared to 2015 consisted of the following:
increase (decrease) 2017 vs. 2016            increase (decrease) 2016 vs. 2015
interest expense on long-term debt                                    $-                                           $8
interest expense on interest rate swaps                               (2             )                              1
interest expense on tax settlements                                   12                                           16
other interest expense                                                66                                          (26             )
(decrease) increase in interest expense, net                         $76                                          $(1             )
135
other, net year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016. the increase in other, net primarily reflects the net increase in realized and unrealized gains related to the ndt fund investments of generation's non-regulatory agreement units as described in the table below.  other, net also reflects $209 million and $80 million for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, related to the contractual elimination of income tax expense associated with the ndt fund investments of the regulatory agreement units. refer to note 15 - asset retirement obligations of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding ndt fund investments.
year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015. the increase in other, net primarily reflects the net increase in realized and unrealized gains related to the ndt fund investments of generation's non-regulatory agreement units as described in the table below.  other, net also reflects $80 million and $(22) million for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, related to the contractual elimination of income tax expense associated with the ndt fund investments of the regulatory agreement units. refer to note 15 - asset retirement obligations of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding ndt fund investments.
the following table provides unrealized and realized gains (losses) on the ndt funds of the non-regulatory agreement units recognized in other, net for 2017, 2016 and 2015:
2017                                                                                    2016              2015
net unrealized gains (losses) on decommissioning trust funds      $521              $194             $(197   )
net realized gains on sale of decommissioning trust funds           95                35                66
effective income tax rate generation's effective income tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 were (96.2)%, 33.2% and 27.1%, respectively. see note 14 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the change in the effective income tax rate.
136
results of operations-comed
2017                                                                         2016            favorable (unfavorable) 2017 vs. 2016 variance                2015            favorable (unfavorable) 2016 vs. 2015 variance operating revenues                                 $5,536              $5,254                                        $282                            $4,905                                        $349
purchased power expense                             1,641               1,458                                        (183                 )           1,319                                        (139                 )
revenues net of purchased power expense(a)(b)       3,895               3,796                                          99                             3,586                                         210
other operating expenses operating and maintenance                           1,427               1,530                                         103                             1,567                                          37
depreciation and amortization                         850                 775                                         (75                 )             707                                         (68                 )
taxes other than income                               296                 293                                          (3                 )             296                                           3
total other operating expenses                      2,573               2,598                                          25                             2,570                                         (28                 )
gain on sales of assets                                 1                   7                                          (6                 )               1                                           6
operating income                                    1,323               1,205                                         118                             1,017                                         188
other income and (deductions)
interest expense, net                                (361   )            (461   )                                     100                              (332   )                                    (129                 )
other, net                                             22                 (65   )                                      87                                21                                         (86                 )
total other income and (deductions)                  (339   )            (526   )                                     187                              (311   )                                    (215                 )
income before income taxes                            984                 679                                         305                               706                                         (27                 )
income taxes                                          417                 301                                        (116                 )             280                                         (21                 )
net income                                           $567                $378                                        $189                              $426                                        $(48                 )
__________
(a)   comed evaluates its operating performance using the measure of revenue net of purchased power expense. comed believes that revenue net of purchased power expense is a useful measurement because it provides information that can be used to evaluate its operational performance. in general, comed only earns margin based on the delivery and transmission of electricity. comed has included its discussion of revenue net of purchased power expense below as a complement to the financial information provided in accordance with gaap. however, revenue net of purchased power expense is not a presentation defined under gaap and may not be comparable to other companies' presentations or deemed more useful than the gaap information provided elsewhere in this report.
(b)   for regulatory recovery mechanisms, including comed's electric distribution and transmission formula rates, and riders, revenues increase and decrease i) as fully recoverable costs fluctuate (with no impact on net earnings), and ii) pursuant to changes in rate base, capital structure and roe (which impact net earnings).
net income year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016. comed's net income for the year ended december 31, 2017 was higher than the same period in 2016 primarily due to the recognition of the penalty and the after-tax interest due on the asserted penalty related to the tax court's decision on exelon's like-kind exchange tax position in 2016 and increased electric distribution and transmission formula rate earnings (reflecting the impacts of increased capital investment and higher allowed electric distribution roe). the higher net income was partially offset by the impact of weather conditions in 2016. see revenue decoupling discussion below for additional information on the impact of weather.
year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015. comed's net income for the year ended december 31, 2016 was lower than the same period in 2015 primarily due to the recognition of the penalty and the after-tax interest due on the asserted penalty related to the tax court's decision on exelon's like-kind exchange tax position, partially offset by increased electric
137
distribution and transmission formula rate earnings (reflecting the impacts of increased capital investment, partially offset by lower allowed electric distribution roe) and favorable weather.
revenues net of purchased power expense there are certain drivers of operating revenues that are fully offset by their impact on purchased power expense, such as commodity, rec and zec procurement costs and participation in customer choice programs. comed is permitted to recover electricity, rec and zec procurement costs from retail customers without mark-up. therefore, fluctuations in these costs have no impact on revenue net of purchased power expense. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on comed's electricity procurement process.
all comed customers have the choice to purchase electricity from a competitive electric generation supplier. customer choice programs do not impact comed's volume of deliveries, but do affect comed's operating revenues related to supplied energy, which is fully offset in purchased power expense. therefore, customer choice programs have no impact on revenue net of purchased power expense.
retail deliveries purchased from competitive electric generation suppliers (as a percentage of kwh sales) for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, consisted of the following:
for the years ended december 31,
2017                                   2016                 2015
electric     70   %               72      %            76      %
retail customers purchasing electric generation from competitive electric generation suppliers at december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 consisted of the following:
december 31, 2017                                             december 31, 2016                                             december 31, 2015
number of customers           % of total retail customers     number of customers           % of total retail customers     number of customers           % of total retail customers electric   1,371,700               34                    %               1,502,900               38                    %               1,655,400               42                    %
138
the changes in comed's revenue net of purchased power expense for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to the same period in 2016, and for the year ended december 31, 2016, compared to the same period in 2015, consisted of the following:
increase (decrease) 2017 vs. 2016            increase (decrease) 2016 vs. 2015
weather(a)                                                  $(36             )                            $54
volume(a)                                                     (5             )                             (2             )
pricing and customer mix(a)                                  (18             )                             14
electric distribution revenue                                170                                           69
transmission revenue                                          60                                           97
energy efficiency revenue(b)                                  16                                            -
regulatory required programs(b)                              (85             )                            (31             )
uncollectible accounts recovery, net                          (7             )                            (13             )
other                                                          4                                           22
total increase                                               $99                                         $210
__________
(a)   for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to the same period in 2016, the changes reflect the 2016 impacts of weather, volume and pricing and customer mix. as further described below, pursuant to the revenue decoupling provision in feja, comed began recording an adjustment to revenue in the first quarter of 2017 to eliminate the favorable or unfavorable impacts associated with variations in delivery volumes associated with above or below normal weather, number of customers or usage per customer.
(b)   beginning on june 1, 2017, comed is deferring energy efficiency costs as a regulatory asset that will be recovered through the energy efficiency formula rate over the weighted average useful life of the related energy efficiency measures.
revenue decoupling. the demand for electricity is affected by weather conditions. very warm weather in summer months and very cold weather in other months are referred to as "favorable weather conditions" because these weather conditions result in increased customer usage. conversely, mild weather reduces demand.
under eima, comed's electric distribution formula rate provided for an adjustment to future billings if its earned roe fell outside a 50-basis-point collar of its allowed roe, which partially eliminated the impacts of weather and load on comed's revenue. as allowed under feja, comed will revise its electric distribution formula rate to eliminate the roe collar beginning with the reconciliation filed in 2018 for the 2017 calendar year. elimination of the roe collar effectively offsets the favorable or unfavorable impacts to operating revenues associated with variations in delivery volumes associated with above or below normal weather, numbers of customers or usage per customer. comed began recognizing the impacts of this change beginning in the first quarter of 2017. for the year ended december 31, 2017, comed recorded an increase to electric distribution revenues of approximately $32 million to eliminate weather and load impacts.
for the year ended december 31, 2016, favorable weather conditions increased operating revenues net of purchased power expense when compared to the prior year.
for the year ended december 31, 2016, the increase in revenue net of purchased power as a result of pricing and customer mix is primarily attributable to higher overall effective rates due to decreased usage across all major customer classes and change in customer mix.
139
heating and cooling degree days are quantitative indices that reflect the demand for energy needed to heat or cool a home or business. normal weather is determined based on historical average heating and cooling degree days for a 30-year period in comed's service territory with cooling degree days generally having a more significant impact to comed, particularly during the summer months. the changes in heating and cooling degree days in comed's service territory for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 consisted of the following:
heating and cooling degree-days             for the years ended december 31,                                   % change
2017                                       2016                                normal        2017 vs. 2016            2017 vs. normal heating degree-days                5,435                      5,715                  6,198              (4.9   )%               (12.3   )%
cooling degree-days                  991                      1,157            893                     (14.3   )%                11.0    %
heating and cooling degree-days             for the years ended december 31,                                                         % change
2016                                       2015                                normal          2016 vs. 2015          2016 vs. normal heating degree-days                5,715                      6,091                  6,198              (6.2   )%                (7.8   )%
cooling degree-days                1,157                        806            893                      43.5    %                29.6    %
electric distribution revenue. eima and feja provide for a performance-based formula rate, which requires an annual reconciliation of the revenue requirement in effect to the actual costs that the icc determines are prudently and reasonably incurred in a given year. electric distribution revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations in the underlying costs, investments being recovered and allowed roe. comed's allowed roe is the annual average rate on 30-year treasury notes plus 580 basis points. in addition, comed's allowed roe is subject to reduction if comed does not deliver the reliability and customer service benefits to which it has committed over the ten-year life of the investment program. during the year ended december 31, 2017, electric distribution revenue increased $170 million, primarily due to increased capital investment, increased depreciation expense, higher allowed roe due to an increase in treasury rates and revenue decoupling impacts (as described above). during the year ended december 31, 2016, electric distribution revenue increased $69 million, primarily due to increased capital investment and depreciation expense, partially offset by lower allowed roe due to a decrease in treasury rates. see operating and maintenance expense below and note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
transmission revenue. under a ferc-approved formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations in the underlying costs, capital investments being recovered and the highest daily peak load, which is updated annually in january based on the prior calendar year. generally, increases/decreases in the highest daily peak load will result in higher/lower transmission revenue. for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, comed recorded increased transmission revenue due to increased capital investment, higher depreciation expense and increased highest daily peak load. see operating and maintenance expense below and note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
energy efficiency revenue. beginning june 1, 2017, feja provides for a performance-based formula rate, which requires an annual reconciliation of the revenue requirement in effect to the actual costs that the icc determines are prudently and reasonably incurred in a given year.  under feja, energy efficiency revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations in the underlying costs, investments being recovered, and allowed roe. comed's allowed roe is the annual average rate on 30-year treasury notes plus 580 basis points. beginning january 1, 2018, comed's allowed roe is subject to a maximum downward or upward adjustment of 200 basis points if comed's cumulative persisting annual mwh savings falls short of or exceeds specified percentage benchmarks of its annual
140
incremental savings goal. see depreciation and amortization expense discussions below and note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
regulatory required programs.  this represents the change in operating revenues collected under approved rate riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory programs such as comed's purchased power administrative costs and energy efficiency and demand response through june 1, 2017 pursuant to feja. the riders are designed to provide full and current cost recovery. an equal and offsetting amount has been included in operating and maintenance expense. see operating and maintenance expense discussion below for additional information on included programs.
uncollectible accounts recovery, net. uncollectible accounts recovery, net, represents recoveries under comed's uncollectible accounts tariff. see operating and maintenance expense discussion below for additional information on this tariff.
other. other revenue, which can vary period to period, includes rental revenue, revenue related to late payment charges, assistance provided to other utilities through mutual assistance programs, recoveries of environmental costs associated with mgp sites, and recoveries of energy procurement costs.
operating and maintenance expense year endeddecember 31,   increase(decrease)                              year endeddecember 31,   increase(decrease)
2017                                                                                                   2016   2017 vs. 2016                             2016                    2015   2016 vs. 2015
operating and maintenance expense-baseline                             $1,329                  $1,347         $(18              )               $1,347                  $1,353         $(6               )
operating and maintenance expense-regulatory required programs(a)          98                     183         (85               )                  183                     214         (31               )
total operating and maintenance expense                                $1,427                  $1,530         $(103             )               $1,530                  $1,567         $(37              )
__________
(a)   operating and maintenance expense for regulatory required programs are costs for various legislative and/or regulatory programs that are recoverable from customers on a full and current basis through approved regulated rates. an equal and offsetting amount has been reflected in operating revenues.
141
the changes in operating and maintenance expense for year ended december 31, 2017, compared to the same period in 2016, and for the year ended december 31, 2016, compared to the same period in 2015, consisted of the following:
increase (decrease) 2017 vs. 2016            increase (decrease) 2016 vs. 2015
baseline labor, other benefits, contracting and materials                                  $(41             )                            $12
pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense(a)                           3                                          (24             )
storm-related costs                                                                  2                                           (9             )
uncollectible accounts expense-provision(b)                                         (6             )                              5
uncollectible accounts expense-recovery, net(b)                                     (1             )                            (18             )
bsc costs(c)                                                                        44                                           29
other                                                                              (19             )                             (1             )
(18             )                             (6             )
regulatory required programs energy efficiency and demand response programs(d)                                  (85             )                            (31             )
decrease in operating and maintenance expense                                    $(103             )                           $(37             )
__________
(a)   primarily reflects the favorable impact of higher assumed pension and opeb discount rates for the year ended december 31, 2016.
(b)   comed is allowed to recover from or refund to customers the difference between the utility's annual uncollectible accounts expense and the amounts collected in rates annually through a rider mechanism. comed recorded a net decrease in 2017 and 2016 in operating and maintenance expense related to uncollectible accounts due to the timing of regulatory cost recovery. an equal and offsetting amount has been recognized in operating revenues for the periods presented.
(c)   primarily reflects increased information technology support services from bsc in 2017 and 2016. for the year ended december 31, 2017, includes the $8 million write-off of a regulatory asset related to constellation merger and integration costs for which recovery is no longer expected.
(d)   beginning on june 1, 2017 comed is deferring energy efficiency costs as a regulatory asset that will be recovered through the energy efficiency over the weighted average useful life of the related energy efficiency measures.
depreciation and amortization expense the increases in depreciation and amortization expense for 2017 compared to 2016, and 2016 compared to 2015, consisted of the following:
increase (decrease) 2017 vs. 2016            increase (decrease) 2016 vs. 2015
depreciation expense(a)                                  $60                                          $58
regulatory asset amortization(b)                           7                                           (5             )
other                                                      8                 15
total increase                                           $75                                          $68
__________
(a)   primarily reflects ongoing capital expenditures for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016.
(b)   beginning in june 2017, includes amortization of comed's energy efficiency formula rate regulatory asset.
taxes other than income taxes other than income, which can vary year to year, include municipal and state utility taxes, real estate taxes, and payroll taxes. taxes other than income taxes remained relatively consistent for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to the same period in 2016, and for the year ended december 31, 2016, compared to the same period in 2015.
142
gain on sale of assets gain on sale of assets decreased during the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to the same period in 2016, and increased during the year ended december 31, 2016, compared to the same period in 2015, primarily due to the sale of land during march 2016.
interest expense, net the increase (decrease) in interest expense, net, for the year ended 2017, compared to the same period in 2016, and for the year ended 2016, compared to the same period in 2015, consisted of the following:
increase (decrease) 2017 vs. 2016                  increase (decrease) 2016 vs. 2015
interest expense related to uncertain tax positions(a)     $(104                       )                                     $109
interest expense on debt (including financing trusts)(b)   6                                         24
other                                                      (2                          )                                       (4             )
increase (decrease) in interest expense, net               $(100                       )                                     $129
__________
(a)   primarily reflects the recognition of after-tax interest related to the tax court's decision on exelon's like-kind exchange tax position in the 2016. for the year ended december 31, 2017, the decrease was partially offset by additional interest recorded in 2017 related to exelon's like-kind exchange tax position. see note 14-income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(b)   primarily reflects an increase in interest expense due to the issuance of first mortgage bonds for the years ended december 31, 2016. see note 13-debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on comed's debt obligations.
other, net the increase (decrease) in other, net, for the year ended 2017 compared to the same period in 2016, and for the year ended 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, consisted of the following:
increase (decrease) 2017 vs. 2016      increase (decrease) 2016 vs. 2015
other income and deductions, net(a)                         $88                    $(94                        )
afudc equity                                                 (2             )   9
other                                                         1                    (1                          )
increase (decrease) in other, net                           $87                    $(86                        )
__________
(a)   primarily reflects the recognition of the penalty related to the tax court's decision on exelon's like-kind exchange tax position in 2016. see note 13 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
effective income tax rate comed's effective income tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, were 42.4%, 44.3% and 39.7%, respectively. the decrease in the effective income tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 is primarily due to the recognition of a non-deductible penalty related to the tax court's decision on exelon's like-kind exchange tax position in the third quarter of 2016. see note 14 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the components of the effective income tax rates.
143
comed electric operating statistics and revenue detail retail deliveries to customers (in gwhs)             2017   2016                % change 2017 vs. 2016     weather-normal%change   2015                    % change 2016 vs. 2015         weather-normal%change retail deliveries (a)
residential                                   26,292            27,790              (5.4   )%                  (0.9   )%               26,496                   4.9             %             (0.6           )%
small commercial &amp; industrial             31,332            31,975              (2.0   )%                  (0.7   )%               31,717                   0.8             %             (0.3           )%
large commercial &amp; industrial             27,467            27,842              (1.3   )%                  (0.5   )%               27,210                   2.3             %              1.5            %
public authorities &amp; electric railroads    1,286             1,298              (0.9   )%                  (0.3   )%                1,309                  (0.8            )%             (0.8           )%
total retail deliveries                       86,377            88,905              (2.8   )%                  (0.7   )%               86,732                   2.5             %              0.2            %
as of december 31, number of electric customers                            2017   2016                  2015
residential                                   3,624,372             3,595,376             3,550,239
small commercial &amp; industrial               378,345               374,644               370,932
large commercial &amp; industrial                 1,959                 2,007                 1,976
public authorities &amp; electric railroads       4,775                 4,750                 4,820
total                                         4,009,451             3,976,777             3,927,967
electric revenue                                       2017                2016          % change 2017 vs. 2016                2015           % change 2016 vs. 2015
retail sales(a)
residential                                      $2,746              $2,597                   5.7             %          $2,360                   10.0             %
small commercial &amp; industrial                 1,376               1,316                   4.6             %           1,337                   (1.6            )%
large commercial &amp; industrial                   461                 462                  (0.2            )%             443                    4.3             %
public authorities &amp; electric railroads          44                  45                  (2.2            )%              42                    7.1             %
total retail                                      4,627               4,420                   4.7             %           4,182                    5.7             %
other revenue(b)                                    909                 834                   9.0             %             723                   15.4             %
total electric revenue(c)                        $5,536              $5,254                   5.4             %          $4,905                    7.1             %
__________
(a)   reflects delivery revenue and volume from customers purchasing electricity directly from comed and customers purchasing electricity from a competitive electric generation supplier, as all customers are assessed delivery charges. for customers purchasing electricity from comed, revenue also reflects the cost of energy and transmission.
(b)   other revenue primarily includes transmission revenue from pjm. other revenue also includes rental revenue, revenue related to late payment charges, revenue from other utilities for mutual assistance programs and recoveries of remediation costs associated with mgp sites.
(c)   includes operating revenues from affiliates totaling $15 million, $15 million, and $4 million for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015, respectively.
144
results of operations-peco
2017                                                                                2016           favorable (unfavorable) 2017 vs. 2016 variance                2015            favorable (unfavorable) 2016 vs. 2015 variance operating revenues                                        $2,870              $2,994                                      $(124                 )          $3,032                                        $(38                 )
purchased power and fuel expense                             969               1,047                                         78                             1,190                                         143
revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense (a)       1,901               1,947                                        (46                 )           1,842                                         105
other operating expenses operating and maintenance                                    806                 811                                          5                               794                                         (17                 )
depreciation and amortization                                286                 270                                        (16                 )             260                                         (10                 )
taxes other than income                                      154                 164                                         10                               160                                          (4                 )
total other operating expenses                             1,246               1,245                                         (1                 )           1,214                                         (31                 )
gain on sales of assets                                        -                   -                                          -                                 2                                          (2                 )
operating income                                             655                 702                                        (47                 )             630                                          72
other income and (deductions)
interest expense, net                                       (126   )            (123   )                                     (3                 )            (114   )                                      (9                 )
other, net                                                     9                   8                                          1                                 5                                           3
total other income and (deductions)                         (117   )            (115   )                                     (2                 )            (109   )                                      (6                 )
income before income taxes                                   538                 587                                        (49                 )             521                                          66
income taxes                                                 104                 149                                         45                               143                                          (6                 )
net income                                                  $434                $438                                        $(4                 )            $378                                         $60
__________
(a)   peco evaluates its operating performance using the measures of revenue net of purchased power expense for electric sales and revenue net of fuel expense for gas sales. peco believes revenue net of purchased power expense and revenue net of fuel expense are useful measurements of its performance because they provide information that can be used to evaluate its net revenue from operations. peco has included the analysis below as a complement to the financial information provided in accordance with gaap. however, revenue net of purchased power expense and revenue net of fuel expense figures are not a presentation defined under gaap and may not be comparable to other companies' presentations or more useful than the gaap information provided elsewhere in this report.
net income year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016. peco's net income for the year ended december 31, 2017 was lower than the same period in 2016, primarily due to a decrease in revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense as a result of unfavorable weather in peco's service territory, partially offset by the one-time non-cash impacts associated with the tax cuts and jobs act in 2017.
year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015. peco's net income for the year ended december 31, 2016 was higher than the same period in 2015, primarily due to an increase in revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense as a result of increased electric distribution revenue pursuant to the 2015 papuc authorized electric distribution rate increase effective january 1, 2016.
revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense electric and natural gas revenue and purchased power and fuel expense are affected by fluctuations in commodity procurement costs. peco's electric supply and natural gas cost rates charged to customers
145
are subject to adjustments as specified in the papuc-approved tariffs that are designed to recover or refund the difference between the actual cost of electric supply and natural gas and the amount included in rates in accordance with peco's gsa and pgc, respectively. therefore, fluctuations in electric supply and natural gas procurement costs have no impact on electric and natural gas revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense.
electric and natural gas revenue and purchased power and fuel expense are also affected by fluctuations in participation in the customer choice program. all peco customers have the choice to purchase electricity and natural gas from competitive electric generation and natural gas suppliers, respectively. the customer's choice of suppliers does not impact the volume of deliveries, but affects revenue collected from customers related to supplied energy and natural gas service. customer choice program activity has no impact on electric and natural gas revenue net of purchase power and fuel expense.
retail deliveries purchased from competitive electric generation and natural gas suppliers (as a percentage of kwh and mmcf sales, respectively) for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015 consisted of the following:
for the years ended december 31,
2017                                      2016                 2015
electric        71   %               70      %            70      %
natural gas     26   %               26      %            25      %
retail customers purchasing electric generation and natural gas from competitive electric generation and natural gas suppliers at december 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015 consisted of the following:
december 31, 2017                                             december 31, 2016                                             december 31, 2015
number of customers             % of total retail customers   number of customers             % of total retail customers   number of customers             % of total retail customers electric      565,900                                  35   %               587,200                                  36   %               563,400                                  35   %
natural gas   83,800                                   16   %               81,300                                   16   %               81,100                                   16   %
the changes in peco's operating revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense for the years ended december 31, 2017 and december 31, 2016 compared to the same periods in 2016 and 2015, respectively, consisted of the following:
2017 vs. 2016                                          2016 vs. 2015
increase (decrease)                                    increase (decrease)
electric             gas             total           electric       gas                     total weather                           $(28    )          $4              $(24   )            $1            $(12      )          $(11   )
volume                             (18    )           3               (15   )             6                  4                10
pricing                              8                2                10               160            (1        )           159
regulatory required programs       (31    )           -               (31   )           (46    )       -                     (46   )
other                               14                -                14                (7    )       -                      (7   )
total increase (decrease)         $(55    )          $9              $(46   )          $114            $(9       )          $105
146
weather. the demand for electricity and natural gas is affected by weather conditions. with respect to the electric business, very warm weather in summer months and, with respect to the electric and natural gas businesses, very cold weather in winter months are referred to as "favorable weather conditions" because these weather conditions result in increased deliveries of electricity and natural gas. conversely, mild weather reduces demand. for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016, and the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 operating revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense was reduced by the impact of unfavorable weather conditions in peco's service territory.
heating and cooling degree days are quantitative indices that reflect the demand for energy needed to heat or cool a home or business. normal weather is determined based on historical average heating and cooling degree days for a 30-year period in peco's service territory. the changes in heating and cooling degree days in peco's service territory for the years ended december 31, 2017 and december 31, 2016 compared to the same periods in 2016 and 2015, respectively, and normal weather consisted of the following:
for the years ended december 31,                                                     % change heating and cooling degree-days              2017   2016                            normal         2017 vs. 2016          2017 vs. normal heating degree-days                3,949                      4,041            4,603               (2.3       )%          (14.2        )%
cooling degree-days                1,490                      1,726            1,290              (13.7       )%   15.5                 %
for the years ended december 31,                                                     % change heating and cooling degree-days              2016   2015                            normal         2016 vs. 2015          2016 vs. normal heating degree-days                4,041                      4,245            4,603               (4.8       )%          (12.2        )%
cooling degree-days                1,726                      1,720            1,290         0.3               %   33.8                 %
volume. the decrease in operating revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense related to delivery volume, exclusive of the effects of weather, for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016, was driven by electric and primarily reflects the impact of energy efficiency initiatives on customer usages for residential and small commercial and industrial electric classes, partially offset by solid customer growth. additionally, the decrease represents a shift in the volume profile across classes from residential and small commercial and industrial to large commercial and industrial.
the increase in operating revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense related to delivery volume, exclusive of the effects of weather, for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, primarily reflects the impact of moderate economic and customer growth partially offset by energy efficiency initiatives on customer usages for gas and residential and small commercial and industrial electric classes. additionally, the increase represents a shift in the volume profile across classes from large commercial and industrial classes to residential and small commercial and industrial classes for electric.
pricing. the increase in operating revenues net of purchased power expense as a result of pricing for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 reflects higher overall effective rates due to decreased usage in the residential and small commercial and industrial customer classes. operating revenues net of fuel expense as a result of pricing remained relatively consistent.
the increase in operating revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense as a result of pricing for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 reflects an increase in
147
electric distribution rates charged to customers. the increase in electric distribution rates was effective january 1, 2016 in accordance with the 2015 papuc approved electric distribution rate case settlement. see note 3 - regulatory matters for further information.
regulatory required programs. this represents the change in operating revenues collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory programs such as smart meter, energy efficiency and the gsa. the riders are designed to provide full and current cost recovery as well as a return. the costs of these programs are included in operating and maintenance expense, depreciation and amortization expense and income taxes. refer to the operating and maintenance expense discussion below for additional information on included programs.
other. other revenue, which can vary period to period, primarily includes wholesale transmission revenue, rental revenue, revenue related to late payment charges and assistance provided to other utilities through mutual assistance programs.
operating and maintenance expense yearended december 31,        increase (decrease)                        yearended december 31,                increase(decrease)
2017                                                                                                    2016              2017 vs. 2016            2016                    2015         2016 vs. 2015
operating and maintenance expense-baseline                                $746                    $740                      $6                     $740                    $685                            $55
operating and maintenance expense-regulatory required programs (a)          60                      71                     (11        )              71                     109                            (38        )
total operating and maintenance expense                                   $806                    $811                     $(5        )            $811                    $794                            $17
__________
(a)   operating and maintenance expenses for regulatory required programs are costs for various legislative and/or regulatory programs that are recoverable from customers on a full and current basis through approved regulated rates. an equal and offsetting amount has been reflected in operating revenues.
148
the changes in operating and maintenance expense for 2017 compared to 2016 and 2016 compared to 2015 consisted of the following:
increase (decrease) 2017 vs. 2016            increase (decrease) 2016 vs. 2015
baseline labor, other benefits, contracting and materials                                 $17                                          $22
storm-related costs                                                               (7             )                             (9             )
pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense                           (3             )                             (4             )
phi merger integration costs                                                       -                                            6
bsc costs                                                                          4                                           36                 (a)
uncollectible accounts expense                                                    (5             )                              1
other                                                                              -                                            3
6                                                                                                                              55
regulatory required programs smart meter                                                                        -                                          (28             )
energy efficiency                                                                (10             )                             (7             )
gsa                                                                                -                                           (2             )
other                                                                             (1             )                             (1             )
(11             )                            (38             )
increase (decrease) in operating and maintenance expense                         $(5             )                            $17
__________
(a) primarily reflects increased information technology support services from bsc during 2016.
depreciation and amortization expense the changes in depreciation and amortization expense for 2017 compared to 2016 and 2016 compared to 2015, consisted of the following:
increase (decrease) 2017 vs. 2016            increase (decrease) 2016 vs. 2015
depreciation expense                                                      $17                                           $5
regulatory asset amortization                                              (1             )   5
increase in depreciation and amortization expense                         $16                                          $10
taxes other than income taxes other than income, which can vary year to year, include municipal and state utility taxes, real estate taxes, and payroll taxes. taxes other than income decreased for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to the same period in 2016, primarily due to a decrease in gross receipts tax driven by decreases in electric revenue.
taxes other than income increased for the year ended december 31, 2016, compared to the same period in 2015, primarily due to an increase in gross receipts tax driven by increases in electric revenue, which was impacted primarily by the new distribution rates that went into effect in january 2016.
149
interest expense, net the increase in interest expense, net for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to the same period in 2016, primarily reflects an increase in interest expense due to the issuance of first and refunding mortgage bonds in september 2017.
the increase in interest expense, net for the year ended december 31, 2016, compared to the same period in 2015, primarily reflects an increase in interest expense due to the issuance of first and refunding mortgage bonds in october 2015.
other, net other, net remained relatively consistent for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to the same period in 2016, and the year ended december 31, 2016, compared to the same period in 2015.
effective income tax rate peco's effective income tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 were 19.3%, 25.4% and 27.4%, respectively. see note 14 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the change in effective income tax rates.
peco electric operating statistics and revenue detail retail deliveries to customers (in gwhs)             2017             2016          % change 2017 vs. 2016          weather-normal %change             2015          % change 2016 vs. 2015          weather-normal %change retail deliveries (a)
residential                                   13,024            13,664                  (4.7   )%                       (1.8   )%                13,630                   0.2   %                         0.4   %
small commercial &amp; industrial              7,968             8,099                  (1.6   )%                       (1.1   )%                 8,118                  (0.2   )%                        0.5   %
large commercial &amp; industrial             15,426            15,263       1.1               %             1.4               %                 15,365                  (0.7   )%                       (1.4   )%
public authorities &amp; electric railroads      809               890                  (9.1   )%                       (9.1   )%                   881                   1.0   %                         1.0   %
total electric retail deliveries              37,227            37,916                  (1.8   )%                       (0.5   )%                37,994                  (0.2   )%                       (0.3   )%
as of december 31, number of electric customers                            2017   2016                  2015
residential                                   1,469,916             1,456,585             1,444,338
small commercial &amp; industrial               151,552               150,142               149,200
large commercial &amp; industrial                 3,112                 3,096                 3,091
public authorities &amp; electric railroads       9,569                 9,823                 9,805
total                                         1,634,149             1,619,646             1,606,434
150
electric revenue                                       2017                2016          % change 2017 vs. 2016                2015          % change 2016 vs. 2015
retail sales (a)
residential                                      $1,505              $1,631                  (7.7   )%                   $1,599                   2.0             %
small commercial &amp; industrial                   401                 430                  (6.7   )%                      428                   0.5             %
large commercial &amp; industrial                   223                 234                  (4.7   )%                      221                   5.9             %
public authorities &amp; electric railroads          30                  32                  (6.3   )%                       31                   3.2             %
total retail                                      2,159               2,327                  (7.2   )%                    2,279                   2.1             %
other revenue (b)                                   216                 204       5.9               %                       207                  (1.4            )%
total electric operating revenues (c)            $2,375              $2,531                  (6.2   )%                   $2,486                   1.8             %
__________
(a)   reflects delivery volumes and revenue from customers purchasing electricity directly from peco and customers purchasing electricity from a competitive electric generation supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges. for customers purchasing electricity from peco, revenue also reflects the cost of energy and transmission.
(b)   other revenue includes transmission revenue from pjm and wholesale electric revenue.
(c)   total electric revenue includes operating revenues from affiliates totaling $6 million, $7 million and $1 million for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015, respectively.
peco gas operating statistics and revenue detail deliveries to customers (in mmcf)          2017   2016                    % change 2017 vs. 2016          weather-normal %change   2015                % change 2016 vs. 2015          weather-normal %change retail deliveries (a)
retail sales                        58,457            56,447                   3.6             %               1.2             %       59,003              (4.3   )%                        1.5             %
transportation and other            26,382            27,630                  (4.5            )%              (2.3            )%       27,879              (0.9   )%                       (0.1            )%
total natural gas deliveries        84,839            84,077                   0.9             %               0.1             %       86,882              (3.2   )%                        1.0             %
as of december 31, number of gas customers               2017                2016                2015
residential                   477,213             472,606             467,263
commercial &amp; industrial    43,892              43,668              43,160
total retail                  521,105             516,274             510,423
transportation                    771                 790                 827
total                         521,876             517,064             511,250
gas revenue                                       2017              2016          % change 2017 vs. 2016              2015      % change 2016 vs. 2015
retail sales (a)
retail sales                                  $462              $430                   7.4   %                    $511             (15.9   )%
transportation and other                        33                33                     -   %                      35              (5.7   )%
total natural gas operating revenues (b)      $495              $463                   6.9   %                    $546             (15.2   )%
__________
(a)   reflects delivery volumes and revenue from customers purchasing natural gas directly from peco and customers purchasing natural gas from a competitive natural gas supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges. for customers purchasing natural gas from peco, revenue also reflects the cost of natural gas.
(b)   total natural gas revenue includes operating revenues from affiliates totaling $1 million for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015.
151
results of operations-bge
2017                                                                               2016            favorable (unfavorable) 2017 vs. 2016 variance                2015            favorable (unfavorable) 2016 vs. 2015 variance operating revenues                                       $3,176              $3,233                                        $(57                 )          $3,135                                         $98
purchased power and fuel expense                          1,133               1,294                                         161                             1,305                                          11
revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense(a)       2,043               1,939                                         104                             1,830                                         109
other operating expenses operating and maintenance                                   716                 737                                          21                               683                                         (54                 )
depreciation and amortization                               473                 423                                         (50                 )             366                                         (57                 )
taxes other than income                                     240                 229                                         (11                 )             224                                          (5                 )
total other operating expenses                            1,429               1,389                                         (40                 )           1,273                                        (116                 )
gain on sales of assets                                       -                   -                                           -                                 1                                          (1                 )
operating income                                            614                 550                                          64                               558                                          (8                 )
other income and (deductions)
interest expense, net                                      (105   )            (103   )                                      (2                 )             (99   )                                      (4                 )
other, net                                                   16                  21                                          (5                 )              18                                           3
total other income and (deductions)                         (89   )             (82   )                                      (7                 )             (81   )                                      (1                 )
income before income taxes                                  525                 468                                          57                               477                                          (9                 )
income taxes                                                218                 174                                         (44                 )             189                                          15
net income                                                  307                 294                                          13                               288                                           6
preference stock dividends                                    -                   8                                           8                                13                                           5
net income attributable to common shareholder              $307                $286                                         $21                              $275                                         $11
__________
(a)   bge evaluates its operating performance using the measures of revenue net of purchased power expense for electric sales and revenue net of fuel expense for gas sales. bge believes revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense are useful measurements of its performance because they provide information that can be used to evaluate its net revenue from operations. bge has included the analysis below as a complement to the financial information provided in accordance with gaap. however, revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense figures are not a presentation defined under gaap and may not be comparable to other companies' presentations or more useful than the gaap information provided elsewhere in this report.
net income attributable to common shareholder year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016. net income attributable to common shareholder was higher primarily due to an increase in revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense and lower operating and maintenance expense, partially offset by higher depreciation and amortization expense and higher income tax expense. the increase in revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense was primarily due to the impacts of the electric and natural gas distribution rate orders issued by the mdpsc in june 2016 and july 2016 and an increase in transmission formula rate revenues. the lower operating and maintenance expense was primarily due to the absence of cost disallowances resulting from the 2016 distribution rate orders issued by the mdpsc and
152
decreased storm costs in 2017 partially offset by the favorable 2016 settlement of the baltimore city conduit fee dispute. these items were partially offset by an increase in depreciation and amortization expense primarily related to the initiation of cost recovery of the ami programs under the distribution rate orders and the impacts of increased capital investment and higher income tax expense primarily resulting from higher taxable income as well as a 2016 favorable adjustment and 2017 impairment of certain transmission-related income tax regulatory assets.
year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015. net income attributable to common shareholder was higher primarily due to lower income tax expense and decreased preference stock dividends partially offset by slightly lower operating income. the lower income tax expense was driven by a one-time adjustment associated with transmission-related regulatory assets. the slight decrease in operating income was driven by an increase in operating and maintenance expense as a result of cost disallowances which reduced certain regulatory assets and other long-lived assets stemming from the distribution rate orders issued by the mdpsc in june 2016 and july 2016 and increased storm costs. this increase in operating and maintenance expense was offset by an increase in revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense, primarily as a result of an increase in transmission formula rate revenues and higher electric and natural gas revenues as a result of the distribution rate orders issued by the mdpsc in june 2016 and july 2016.
revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense there are certain drivers to operating revenues that are offset by their impact on purchased power and fuel expense, such as commodity procurement costs and programs allowing customers to select a competitive electric or natural gas supplier. operating revenues and purchased power and fuel expense are affected by fluctuations in commodity procurement costs. bge's electric and natural gas rates charged to customers are subject to periodic adjustments that are designed to recover or refund the difference between the actual cost of purchased electric power and purchased natural gas and the amount included in rates in accordance with the mdpsc's market-based sos and gas commodity programs, respectively. therefore, fluctuations in electric supply and natural gas procurement costs have no impact on revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense.
electric and natural gas revenue and purchased power and fuel expense are also affected by fluctuations in the number of customers electing to use a competitive supplier for electricity and/or natural gas. all bge customers have the choice to purchase electricity and natural gas from competitive suppliers. the customers' choice of suppliers does not impact the volume of deliveries, but does affect revenue collected from customers related to supplied electricity and natural gas.
retail deliveries purchased from competitive electricity and natural gas suppliers (as a percentage of kwh and mmcf sales, respectively) for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 consisted of the following:
for the years ended december 31,
2017                                      2016                 2015
electric        60   %               59      %            61      %
natural gas     55   %               57      %            56      %
153
the number of retail customers purchasing electricity and natural gas from competitive suppliers at december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 consisted of the following:
december 31, 2017                                             december 31, 2016                                             december 31, 2015
number of customers             % of total retail customers   number of customers             % of total retail customers   number of customers             % of total retail customers electric      341,000                                  27   %               337,000                                  27   %               343,000                                  27   %
natural gas   151,000                                  22   %               151,000                                  23   %               154,000                                  23   %
the changes in bge's operating revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 and for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, respectively, consisted of the following:
2017 vs. 2016                                       2016 vs. 2015
increase (decrease)                                 increase (decrease)
electric             gas             total          electric             gas             total distribution rate increase         $21              $29               $50              $24              $22               $46
regulatory required programs        17                3                20               10               (5   )             5
transmission revenue                18                -                18               30                -                30
other, net                           5               11                16               24                4                28
total increase                     $61              $43              $104              $88              $21              $109
distribution rate increase. during the years ended december 31, 2017 and december 31, 2016, the increases in distribution revenues were primarily due to the impact of the electric and natural gas distribution rate changes that became effective in june 2016 in accordance with the electric and natural gas distribution rate case orders in june 2016 and july 2016. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
revenue decoupling. the demand for electricity and natural gas is affected by weather and usage conditions. the mdpsc allows bge to record a monthly adjustment to its electric and natural gas distribution revenue from all residential customers, commercial electric customers, the majority of large industrial electric customers, and all firm service natural gas customers to eliminate the effect of abnormal weather and usage patterns per customer on bge's electric and natural gas distribution volumes, thereby recovering a specified dollar amount of distribution revenue per customer, by customer class, regardless of fluctuations in actual consumption levels. this allows bge to recognize revenue at mdpsc-approved distribution charges per customer, regardless of what bge's actual distribution volumes were for a billing period. therefore, while this revenue is affected by customer growth (i.e., increase in the number of customers), it will not be affected by volatility in actual weather or usage conditions (i.e., changes in consumption per customer). bge bills or credits customers in subsequent months for the difference between approved revenue levels under revenue decoupling and actual customer billings.
154
heating and cooling degree days are quantitative indices that reflect the demand for energy needed to heat or cool a home or business. normal weather is determined based on historical average heating and cooling degree days for a 30-year period in bge's service territory. the changes in heating and cooling degree days in bge's service territory for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 and for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, respectively, and normal weather consisted of the following:
for the year ended december 31,                  normal                                  % change heating and cooling degree-days              2017                       2016     2017 vs. 2016         2017 vs. normal heating degree-days                4,190                      4,427                      4,666                      (5.4   )%       (10.2   )%
cooling degree-days                  940                        998                        875                      (5.8   )%   7.4          %
for the year ended december 31,                  normal                                  % change heating and cooling degree-days              2016                       2015     2016 vs. 2015           2016 vs. normal heating degree-days                4,427                      4,666                      4,684                      (5.1   )%        (5.5   )%
cooling degree-days                  998                        924                        876                       8.0    %   13.9         %
regulatory required programs.  revenue from regulatory required programs are billings for the costs of various legislative and/or regulatory programs that are recoverable from customers on a full and current basis. these programs are designed to provide full cost recovery, as well as a return in certain instances. the costs of these programs are included in operating and maintenance expense, depreciation and amortization expense and taxes other than income in bge's consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income.
transmission revenue.  under a ferc approved formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon rate adjustments to reflect fluctuations in the underlying costs, capital investments being recovered and other billing determinants. during the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, the increase in transmission revenue was primarily due to increases in capital investment and operating and maintenance expense recoveries. see operating and maintenance expense below and note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
other, net.  other net revenue, which can vary from period to period, primarily includes late payment fees and other miscellaneous revenue such as service application fees, assistance provided to other utilities through bge's mutual assistance program and recoveries of electric supply and natural gas procurement costs.
155
operating and maintenance expense year endeddecember 31,      increase(decrease)                              year endeddecember 31,         increase(decrease)
2017                                                                                                   2016      2017 vs. 2016                             2016                    2015              2016 vs. 2015
operating and maintenance expense-baseline                               $672                    $701            $(29              )                 $701                    $636                     $65
operating and maintenance expense-regulatory required programs(a)          44                      36         8                                        36                      47                     (11        )
total operating and maintenance expense                                  $716                    $737            $(21              )                 $737                    $683                     $54
__________
(a)   operating and maintenance expense for regulatory required programs are costs for various legislative and/or regulatory programs that are recoverable from customers on a full and current basis through approved regulated rates. an equal and offsetting amount has been reflected in operating revenues.
the changes in operating and maintenance expense for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 and the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 consisted of the following:
increase (decrease) 2017 vs. 2016            increase (decrease) 2016 vs. 2015
baseline impairment on long-lived assets and losses on regulatory assets(a)                        $(50             )                            $52
labor, other benefits, contracting and materials                                           (11             )                              7
storm-related costs                                                                        (13             )                             18
uncollectible accounts expense                                                               7                                          (14             )
bsc costs                                                                                   16                                           11
conduit lease settlement(b)                                                                 15                                          (15             )
other                                                                                        7                                            6
$(29             )                            $65
regulatory required programs other                                                                                        8                                          (11             )
8                                                                                                                                       (11             )
total (decrease) increase                                                                 $(21             )                            $54
__________
(a)   see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(b)   see note 23 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
156
depreciation and amortization the changes in depreciation and amortization expense for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 and december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 consisted of the following:
increase (decrease) 2017 vs. 2016            increase (decrease) 2016 vs. 2015
depreciation expense(a)                                                   $13                                          $10
regulatory asset amortization(b)                                           25                                           31
regulatory required programs(c)                                            12                                           16
increase in depreciation and amortization expense                         $50                                          $57
__________
(a)   depreciation expense increased due to ongoing capital expenditures.
(b)   regulatory asset amortization increased primarily due to an increase in regulatory asset amortization related to energy efficiency programs and the initiation of cost recovery of the ami programs under the final electric and natural gas distribution rate case order issued by the mdpsc in june 2016. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(c)   depreciation and amortization expenses for regulatory required programs are recoverable from customers on a full and current basis through approved regulated rates. an equal and offsetting amount has been reflected in operating revenues.
taxes other than income taxes other than income, which can vary period to period, include municipal and state utility taxes, real estate taxes and payroll taxes. taxes other than income taxes increased for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016, and for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, primarily due to an increase in property taxes.
interest expense, net interest expense, net remained relatively consistent for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016, and for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015.
other, net other, net remained relatively consistent for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to the same period in 2016, and the year ended december 31, 2016, compared to the same period in 2015.
effective income tax rate bge's effective income tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 were 41.5%, 37.2% and 39.6%, respectively. see note 14 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the components of the effective income tax rates.
157
bge electric operating statistics and revenue detail retail deliveries to customers (in gwhs)             2017             2016      % change 2017 vs. 2016      weather-normal %change             2015          % change 2016 vs. 2015          weather-normal %change retail deliveries(a)
residential                                   12,094            12,740              (5.1   )%                   (2.8   )%                12,598       1.1               %                        (3.2   )%
small commercial &amp; industrial              2,921             3,040              (3.9   )%                   (4.9   )%                 3,119                  (2.5   )%            2.7               %
large commercial &amp; industrial             13,688            13,957              (1.9   )%                   (2.4   )%                14,293                  (2.4   )%                       (1.6   )%
public authorities &amp; electric railroads      268               283              (5.3   )%                   (3.0   )%                   294                  (3.7   )%                       (8.9   )%
total electric deliveries                     28,971            30,020              (3.5   )%                   (2.8   )%                30,304                  (0.9   )%                       (1.9   )%
as of december 31, number of electric customers                            2017                  2016                  2015
residential                                   1,160,783             1,150,096             1,137,934
small commercial &amp; industrial               113,594               113,230               113,138
large commercial &amp; industrial                12,155                12,053                11,906
public authorities &amp; electric railroads         272                   280                   285
total                                         1,286,804             1,275,659             1,263,263
electric revenue                                       2017                2016          % change 2017 vs. 2016                2015           % change 2016 vs. 2015
retail sales(a)
residential                                      $1,428              $1,554                  (8.1   )%                   $1,449                    7.2             %
small commercial &amp; industrial                   266                 277                  (4.0   )%                      273                    1.5             %
large commercial &amp; industrial                   450                 449                   0.2   %                       469                   (4.3            )%
public authorities &amp; electric railroads          31                  35                 (11.4   )%                       32                    9.4             %
total retail                                      2,175               2,315                  (6.0   )%                    2,223                    4.1             %
other revenue(b)(c)                                 314                 294                   6.8   %                       267                   10.1             %
total electric revenue                           $2,489              $2,609                  (4.6   )%                   $2,490                    4.8             %
__________
(a)   reflects delivery volumes and revenue from customers purchasing electricity directly from bge and customers purchasing electricity from a competitive electric generation supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges. for customers purchasing electricity from bge, revenue also reflects the cost of energy and transmission.
(b)   other revenue primarily includes wholesale transmission revenue and late payment charges.
(c)   includes operating revenues from affiliates totaling $5 million, $7 million and less than $1 million for the years ended 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
158
bge natural gas operating statistics and revenue detail deliveries to customers (in mmcf)          2017   2016                 % change 2017 vs. 2016   weather-normal %change      2015                     % change 2016 vs. 2015          weather-normal %change retail deliveries(a)
retail sales                        89,337             96,808              (7.7   )%            (4.2          )%                 96,618       0.2               %                         3.5   %
transportation and other(b)          3,615              5,977             (39.5   )%            n/a                               6,238                  (4.2   )%                        n/a total natural gas deliveries        92,952            102,785              (9.6   )%            (4.2          )%                102,856                  (0.1   )%                        3.5   %
as of december 31, number of gas customers               2017   2016                2015
residential                   629,690             623,647             616,994
commercial &amp; industrial    44,247              44,255              44,119
total                         673,937             667,902             661,113
natural gas revenue                    2017              2016           % change 2017 vs. 2016              2015      % change 2016 vs. 2015
retail sales(a)
retail sales                       $655              $593                   10.5             %          $607              (2.3   )%
transportation and other(b)          32                31                    3.2             %            38             (18.4   )%
total natural gas revenues(c)      $687              $624                   10.1             %          $645              (3.3   )%
__________
(a)   reflects delivery volumes and revenue from customers purchasing natural gas directly from bge and customers purchasing natural gas from a competitive natural gas supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges. for customers purchasing natural gas from bge, revenue also reflects the cost of natural gas.
(b)   transportation and other natural gas revenue includes off-system revenue of 3,615 mmcfs ($21 million), 5,977 mmcfs ($23 million), and 6,238 mmcfs ($35 million) for the years ended 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
(c)   includes operating revenues from affiliates totaling $11 million, $14 million, and $14 million for the years ended 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
results of operations-phi phi's results of operations include the results of its three reportable segments, pepco, dpl and ace for all periods presented below. for "predecessor" reporting periods, phi's results of operations also include the results of pes and pci. see note 25 - segment information of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding phi's reportable segments. all material intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. a separate specific discussion of the results of operations for pepco, dpl and ace is presented elsewhere in this report.
as a result of the phi merger, the following consolidated financial results present two separate reporting periods for 2016. the "predecessor" reporting periods represent phi's results of operations for the period of january 1, 2016 to march 23, 2016 and the year ended december 31, 2015. the "successor" reporting periods represents phi's results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2017 and for the period of march 24, 2016 to december 31, 2016. all amounts presented below are before the impact of income taxes, except as noted.
159
successor                                                         predecessor for the year ended december 31,             march 24 to december 31,             january 1 to            for the year ended december 31, march 23,
2017                                                                                                                                             2016                     2016                                       2015
operating revenues                                                                           $4,679                                 $3,643                       $1,153                               $4,935
purchased power and fuel                                                                      1,716                                  1,447                          497                                2,073
revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense(a)                                           2,963                                  2,196                          656                                2,862
other operating expenses operating and maintenance                                                                     1,068                                  1,233                          294                                1,156
depreciation and amortization                                                                   675                                    515                          152                                  624
taxes other than income                                                                         452                                    354                          105                                  455
total other operating expenses                                                                2,195                                  2,102                          551                                2,235
gain (loss) on sales of assets                                                                    1                                     (1          )                 -                                   46
operating income                                                                                769                                     93                          105                                  673
other income and (deductions)
interest expense, net                                                                          (245            )                      (195          )               (65      )                          (280            )
other, net                                                                                       54                                     44                           (4      )                            88
total other income and (deductions)                                                            (191            )                      (151          )               (69      )                          (192            )
income (loss) before income taxes                                                               578                                    (58          )                36                                  481
income taxes                                                                                    217                                      3                           17                                  163
equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates                                                   1                                      -                            -                                    -
net income (loss) from continuing operations                                                    362                                    (61          )                19                                  318
net income from discontinued operations                                                           -                                      -                            -                                    9
net income (loss) attributable to membership interest/common shareholders                      $362                                   $(61          )               $19                                 $327
__________
(a)   phi evaluates its operating performance using the measure of revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense for electric and natural gas sales. phi believes revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense is a useful measurement because it provides information that can be used to evaluate its operational performance. phi has included the analysis below as a complement to the financial information provided in accordance with gaap. however, revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense is not a presentation defined under gaap and may not be comparable to other companies' presentations or deemed more useful than the gaap information provided elsewhere in this report.
successor year ended december 31, 2017
phi's net income was $362 million for the year ended december 31, 2017. there were no significant changes in the underlying trends affecting phi's results of operations during the successor year except for the impact of increases in electric distribution and natural gas rates within revenue net of purchased power expense (pepco electric distribution rates effective november 2016 and october 2017 in maryland, pepco electric distribution rates effective august 2017 in the district of columbia, dpl electric distribution rates effective february 2017 in maryland, dpl electric distribution and natural gas rates effective july 2016 and december 2016 in delaware, and ace electric distribution rates effective august 2016 and
160
october 2017 in new jersey). operating and maintenance expense incurred included the deferral of merger-related, rate case, and customer billing system costs to regulatory assets and lower uncollectible accounts expense, partially offset by a pre-tax impairment charge of $25 million. income taxes expense incurred included unrecognized tax benefits of $59 million for uncertain tax positions related to the deductibility of certain merger commitments in the first quarter of 2017, and was offset by a $27 million december 2017 impairment of certain transmission-related income tax regulatory assets and the one-time non-cash impacts of $35 million associated with the tax cuts and jobs act in 2017. for more information on 2017 results please refer to results of operations for pepco, dpl, and ace.
phi's effective income tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2017 was 37.5%. see note 14 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the components of effective income tax rates.
successor period of march 24, 2016 to december 31, 2016
phi's net loss for the successor period of march 24, 2016 to december 31, 2016 was $61 million. there were no significant changes in the underlying trends affecting phi's results of operations during the successor period march 24, 2016 to december 31, 2016 except for the pre-tax recording of $392 million of non-recurring merger-related costs including merger integration and merger commitments within operating and maintenance expense. for more information on 2016 results please refer to results of operations for pepco, dpl and ace.
phi's effective income tax rate for the period of march 24, 2016 to december 31, 2016 was (5.2)%. see note 14 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the components of the effective income tax rates.
predecessor period of january 1, 2016 to march 23, 2016
phi's net income for the predecessor period of january 1, 2016 to march 23, 2016 was $19 million. there were no significant changes in the underlying trends affecting phi's results of operations during the predecessor period of january 1, 2016 to march 23, 2016 except for the pre-tax recording of $29 million of non-recurring merger-related costs within operating and maintenance expense and $18 million of preferred stock derivative expense within other, net.
phi's effective income tax rate for the period of january 1, 2016 to march 23, 2016 was 47.2%. see note 14 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the components of the effective income tax rates.
predecessor period year ended december 31, 2015
phi's net income was $327 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. there were no significant changes in the underlying trends affecting phi's results of operations during the predecessor year except for the impact of increases in electric distribution rates within revenue net of purchased power expense (pepco electric distribution rates effective april 2014 in the district of columbia, pepco electric distribution rates effective july 2014 in maryland, and ace electric distribution rates effective september 2014), partially offset by operating and maintenance costs incurred due to the implementation of a new customer information system for pepco, dpl, and ace in 2015. gain (loss) on sales of assets were $46 million, primarily due to 2015 gains recorded at pepco associated with the sale of unimproved land, held as non-utility property.
phi's effective income tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2015 was 33.9%. see note 14 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the components of the effective income tax rates.
161
results of operations-pepco
2017                                                                      2016            favorable (unfavorable) 2017 vs. 2016 variance                2015           favorable (unfavorable) 2016 vs. 2015 variance operating revenues                              $2,158              $2,186                                        $(28                 )          $2,129                                        $57
purchased power expense                            614                 706                                          92                               719                                         13
revenues net of purchased power expense(a)       1,544               1,480                                          64                             1,410                                         70
other operating expenses operating and maintenance                          454                 642                                         188                               439                                       (203                 )
depreciation and amortization                      321                 295                                         (26                 )             256                                        (39                 )
taxes other than income                            371                 377                                           6                               376                                         (1                 )
total other operating expenses                   1,146               1,314                                         168                             1,071                                       (243                 )
gain on sales of assets                              1                   8                                          (7                 )              46                                        (38                 )
operating income                                   399                 174                                         225                               385                                       (211                 )
other income and (deductions)
interest expense, net                             (121   )            (127   )                                       6                              (124   )                                     (3                 )
other, net                                          32                  36                                          (4                 )              28                                          8
total other income and (deductions)                (89   )             (91   )                                       2                               (96   )                                      5
income before income taxes                         310                  83                                         227                               289                                       (206                 )
income taxes                                       105                  41                                         (64                 )             102                                         61
net income                                        $205                 $42                                        $163                              $187                                      $(145                 )
__________
(a)   pepco evaluates its operating performance using the measure of revenue net of purchased power expense for electric sales. pepco believes revenue net of purchased power expense is a useful measurement because it provides information that can be used to evaluate its operational performance. pepco has included the analysis below as a complement to the financial information provided in accordance with gaap. however, revenue net of purchased power expense is not a presentation defined under gaap and may not be comparable to other companies' presentations or deemed more useful than the gaap information provided elsewhere in this report.
net income year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016.  pepco's net income for the year ended december 31, 2017, was higher than the same period in 2016, primarily due to a decrease in operating and maintenance expense due to merger-related costs recognized in march 2016 and an increase in revenue net of purchased power expense as a result of the distribution rate increases approved by the mdpsc effective november 2016 and october 2017 and an electric distribution rate increase approved by the dcpsc effective august 2017, partially offset by higher depreciation expense due to increased depreciation rates in maryland effective november 2016. income taxes expense incurred included unrecognized tax benefits of $21 million for uncertain tax positions related to the deductibility of certain merger commitments in the first quarter of 2017. this decrease was offset by an increase in income taxes due to the $14 million december 2017 impairment of certain transmission-related income tax regulatory assets and the one-time non-cash impacts of $8 million associated with the tax cuts and jobs act in 2017.
year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015.  pepco's net income for the year ended december 31, 2016, was lower than the same period in 2015, primarily due to an increase in operating and maintenance expense due to merger-related costs.
162
operating revenue net of purchased power expense operating revenues include revenue from the distribution and supply of electricity to pepco's customers within its service territories at regulated rates. operating revenues also include transmission service revenue that pepco receives as a transmission owner from pjm at rates regulated by ferc. transmission rates are updated annually based on a ferc-approved formula methodology.
electric revenues and purchased power expense are also affected by fluctuations in participation in the customer choice program. all pepco customers have the choice to purchase electricity from competitive electric generation suppliers. the customers' choice of supplier does not impact the volume of deliveries, but affects revenue collected from customers related to supplied energy service.
retail deliveries purchased from competitive electric generation suppliers (as a percentage of kwh sales) for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 respectively, consisted of the following:
for the years ended december 31,
2017                                   2016                 2015
electric     66   %               65      %            65      %
retail customers purchasing electric generation from competitive electric generation suppliers at december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 consisted of the following:
december 31, 2017                                             december 31, 2016                                             december 31, 2015
number of customers           % of total retail customers     number of customers           % of total retail customers     number of customers           % of total retail customers electric   179,184                 21                    %               176,372                 21                    %               173,222                 21                    %
retail deliveries purchased from competitive electric generation suppliers represented 73% of pepco's retail kwh sales to the district of columbia customers and 60% of pepco's retail kwh sales to maryland customers for the year ended december 31, 2017; 73% of pepco's retail kwh sales to the district of columbia customers and 59% of pepco's retail kwh sales to maryland customers for the year ended december 31, 2016; and 71% of pepco's retail kwh sales to the district of columbia customers and 60% of pepco's retail kwh sales to maryland customers for year ended december 31, 2015.
operating revenues include transmission enhancement credits that pepco receives as a transmission owner from pjm in consideration for approved regional transmission expansion plan expenditures.
operating revenues also include work and services performed on behalf of customers, including other utilities, which is generally not subject to price regulation. work and services includes mutual assistance to other utilities, highway relocation, rentals of pole attachments, late payment fees and collection fees.
purchased power expense consists of the cost of electricity purchased by pepco to fulfill its default electricity supply obligation and, as such, is recoverable from customers in accordance with the terms of public service commission orders.
163
the changes in pepco's operating revenues net of purchased power expense for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016 compared to the same periods in 2016 and 2015, respectively, consisted of the following:
increase (decrease) 2017 vs. 2016            increase (decrease) 2016 vs. 2015
volume                                               $16                                          $15
distribution rate increase                            66                                            5
regulatory required programs                         (12             )                             38
transmission revenues                                  9                                           (1             )
other                                                (15             )                             13
total increase                                       $64                                          $70
volume. the increase in operating revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense related to delivery volume, exclusive of the effects of weather, for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 primarily reflects the impact of residential customer growth. the increase in operating revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense related to delivery volume, exclusive of the effects of weather, for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 primarily reflects the impact of moderate economic and customer growth.
distribution rate increase.  the increase in electric operating revenues net of purchased power expense for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 was primarily due to the impact of the higher electric distribution rates charged to customers in maryland that became effective in november 2016 and october 2017 and higher electric distribution rates charged to customers in the district of columbia that became effective august 2017. the increase in distribution revenue for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 was primarily due to the impact of the new electric distribution rates charged to customers in maryland that became effective in november 2016. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
revenue decoupling.  pepco's results historically have been seasonal, generally producing higher revenue and income in the warmest and coldest periods of the year. for retail customers of pepco in maryland and in the district of columbia, revenues are not affected by unseasonably warmer or colder weather because a bill stabilization adjustment (bsa) for retail customers was implemented that provides for a fixed distribution charge per customer. the bsa has the effect of decoupling the distribution revenue recognized in a reporting period from the amount of power delivered during the period. as a result, the only factors that will cause distribution revenue from customers in maryland and the district of columbia to fluctuate from period to period are changes in the number of customers and changes in the approved distribution charge per customer. changes in customer usage (due to weather conditions, energy prices, energy efficiency programs or other reasons) from period to period have no impact on reported distribution revenue for customers to whom the bsa applies.
164
heating and cooling degree days are quantitative indices that reflect the demand for energy needed to heat or cool a home or business. normal weather is determined based on historical average heating and cooling degree days for a 20-year period in pepco's service territory. the changes in heating and cooling degree days in pepco's service territory for the years ended december 31, 2017 and december 31, 2016 compared to same periods in 2016 and 2015, respectively, and normal weather consisted of the following:
for the years ended december 31,                                                 % change heating and cooling degree-days              2017   2016                            normal     2017 vs. 2016          2017 vs. normal heating degree-days                3,312                      3,624            3,869           (8.6   )%              (14.4        )%
cooling degree-days                1,767                      1,936            1,653           (8.7   )%       6.9                  %
for the years ended december 31,                                                 % change heating and cooling degree-days              2016   2015                            normal     2016 vs. 2015          2016 vs. normal heating degree-days                3,624                      3,657            3,887           (0.9   )%               (6.8        )%
cooling degree-days                1,936                      1,936            1,626              -   %        19.1                 %
regulatory required programs. this represents the change in operating revenues collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory programs such as energy efficiency programs. the riders are designed to provide full and current cost recovery as well as a return. the costs of these programs are included in operating and maintenance expense, depreciation and amortization expense and taxes other than income in pepco's consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. revenue from regulatory required programs decreased for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 primarily due to lower demand-side management program surcharge revenue due to a decrease in kwh sales and a rate decrease effective january 2017. revenue from regulatory required programs increased for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 primarily due to higher demand-side management program surcharge revenue due to a rate increase effective february 2016. refer to the operating and maintenance expense and depreciation and amortization expense discussion below for additional information on included programs.
transmission revenues. under a ferc approved formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations in the underlying costs, capital investments being recovered and other billing adjustments. transmission revenue increased for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 due to higher rates effective june 1, 2017 and june 1, 2016 related to increases in transmission plant investment and operating expenses. transmission revenue decreased for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 due to lower revenue related to the mapp abandonment recovery period that ended in march 2016, partially offset by higher rates effective june 1, 2016 and june 1, 2015 related to increases in transmission plant investment and operating expenses.
other.  the decrease in other operating revenue net of purchased power expense for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 is primarily due to lower pass-through revenue (which is substantially offset in taxes other than income) primarily the result of lower sales that resulted in a decrease in utility taxes that are collected by pepco on behalf of the jurisdiction. the increase in other operating revenue net of purchased power expense for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 is primarily due to higher pass-through revenue (which is substantially offset in taxes other than income) primarily the result of higher sales that resulted in an increase in utility taxes that are collected by pepco on behalf of the jurisdiction.
165
operating and maintenance expense year ended december 31,   increase (decrease)                            year ended december 31,         increase(decrease)
2017                                                                                                     2016   2017 vs. 2016                             2016                    2015              2016 vs. 2015
operating and maintenance expense - baseline                               $449                    $631         $(182             )                 $631                    $427                    $204
operating and maintenance expense - regulatory required programs(a)           5                      11         (6                )                   11                      12                      (1        )
total operating and maintenance expense                                    $454                    $642         $(188             )                 $642                    $439                    $203
__________
(a)   operating and maintenance expenses for regulatory required programs are costs for various legislative and/or regulatory programs that are recoverable from customers on a full and current basis through approved regulated rates. an equal and offsetting amount has been reflected in operating revenues.
the changes in operating and maintenance expense for 2017 compared to 2016 and 2016 compared to 2015 consisted of the following:
increase (decrease) 2017 vs. 2016             increase (decrease) 2016 vs. 2015
baseline labor, other benefits, contracting and materials                                        $16                                            $7
storm-related costs                                                                      (1             )                               6
remeasurement of ami-related regulatory asset(a)                                         (7             )                               7
deferral of billing system transition costs to regulatory asset                           -                                            (7             )
deferral of merger-related costs to regulatory asset                                      -                                           (11             )
uncollectible accounts expense - provision                                              (11             )                               8
bsc and phisco allocations(b)                                                           (24             )                              53
merger commitments(c)                                                                  (132             )                             126
write-off of construction work in progress(d)                                           (14             )                              13
other                                                                                    (9             )                               2
(182             )                             204
regulatory required programs purchased power administrative costs                                                     (6             )                              (1             )
total (decrease) increase                                                             $(188             )                            $203
__________
(a)   related to a remeasurement of a regulatory asset for legacy meters recognized in 2016.
(b)   primarily related to merger severance and compensation costs recognized in 2016
(c)   primarily related to merger-related commitments for customer rate credits and charitable contributions recognized in 2016.
(d)   primarily resulting from a review of capital projects during the fourth quarter of 2016.
166
depreciation and amortization expense the changes in depreciation and amortization expense for 2017 compared to 2016 and 2016 compared to 2015 consisted of the following:
increase (decrease) 2017 vs. 2016            increase (decrease) 2016 vs. 2015
depreciation expense(a)                                  $28                                          $11
regulatory asset amortization(b)                           8                                          (11             )
regulatory required programs (c)                         (10             )   39
total increase                                           $26                                          $39
_________
(a)   depreciation expense increased primarily due to higher depreciation rates in maryland effective november 2016 and ongoing capital expenditures.
(b)   regulatory asset amortization increased for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 primarily due to higher amortization of ami-related regulatory assets, partially offset by lower amortization of mapp abandonment costs. regulatory asset amortization decreased for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 primarily due to lower amortization of mapp abandonment costs.
(c)   regulatory required programs decreased for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 primarily due to an empower maryland surcharge rate decrease effective february 2016 and increased for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 due to an empower maryland surcharge rate increase effective february 2015. depreciation and amortization expenses for regulatory required programs are recoverable from customers on a full and current basis through approved regulated rates. an equal and offsetting amount has been reflected in operating revenues and operating and maintenance expense.
taxes other than income taxes other than income for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 decreased primarily due to lower utility taxes that are collected and passed through by pepco (which is substantially offset in operating revenues), partially offset by higher property taxes. taxes other than income for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 increased primarily due to higher utility taxes that are collected and passed through by pepco, partially offset by lower property taxes in maryland.
gain on sales of assets gain on sales of assets for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 decreased primarily due to higher gains recorded in 2016 at pepco associated with the sale of land. gain on sale of assets for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 decreased primarily due to higher gains recorded in 2015 at pepco associated with the sale of land held as non-utility property.
interest expense, net interest expense, net for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 decreased primarily due to the recording of interest expense for an uncertain tax position in 2016, partially offset by higher interest expense associated with the issuance of long term debt in may 2017. interest expense, net for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 increased primarily due to the recording of interest expense for an uncertain tax position in 2016, partially offset by an increase in capitalized afudc debt.
other, net other, net for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 decreased primarily due to the september 2016 reversal of contributions in aid of construction tax gross-
167
up reserves due to the determination that there is no legal obligation to refund customers per contract term. other, net for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 increased primarily due to higher income from afudc equity.
effective income tax rate pepco's effective income tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015 were 33.9%, 49.4%, and 35.3%, respectively. see note 14 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the components of the change in effective income tax rates. in the first quarter of 2017, pepco decreased its liability for unrecognized tax benefits by $21 million resulting in a benefit to income taxes and corresponding decrease to its effective tax rate. this decrease was offset by an increase in income taxes due to the $14 million december 2017 impairment of certain transmission-related income tax regulatory assets and the one-time non-cash impacts of $8 million associated with the tax cuts and jobs act in 2017.
as a result of the merger, pepco recorded an after-tax charge of $31 million during the year ended december 31, 2016 as a result of the assessment and remeasurement of certain federal and state uncertain tax positions.
pepco electric operating statistics and revenue detail retail deliveries to customers (in gwhs)             2017             2016          % change 2017 vs. 2016         weather - normal % change             2015          % change 2016 vs. 2015         weather - normal % change retail deliveries(a)
residential                                    7,831             8,372                  (6.5   )%                        (2.5   )%                  8,452                  (0.9            )%               (0.3             )%
small commercial &amp; industrial              1,303             1,459                 (10.7   )%                        (9.0   )%                  1,471                  (0.8            )%               (0.6             )%
large commercial &amp; industrial             14,988            15,559                  (3.7   )%                        (2.5   )%                 15,351                   1.4             %                1.6              %
public authorities &amp; electric railroads      734               724       1.4               %             1.4                %                     714                   1.4             %                1.7              %
total retail deliveries                       24,856            26,114                  (4.8   )%                        (2.8   )%                 25,988                   0.5             %                0.9              %
as of december 31, number of electric customers                          2017                2016                2015
residential                                   792,211             780,652             767,392
small commercial &amp; industrial              53,489              53,529              53,838
large commercial &amp; industrial              21,732              21,391              20,976
public authorities &amp; electric railroads       144                 130                 129
total                                         867,576             855,702             842,335
168
electric revenue                                       2017                2016          % change 2017 vs. 2016                2015          % change 2016 vs. 2015
retail sales(a)
residential                                        $956              $1,000                  (4.4   )%                     $970                   3.1             %
small commercial &amp; industrial                   147                 150                  (2.0   )%                      153                  (2.0            )%
large commercial &amp; industrial                   810                 803                   0.9   %                       777                   3.3             %
public authorities &amp; electric railroads          33                  32                   3.1   %                        30                   6.7             %
total retail                                      1,946               1,985                  (2.0   )%                    1,930                   2.8             %
other revenue(b)                                    212                 201                   5.5   %                       199                   1.0             %
total electric revenue(c)                        $2,158              $2,186                  (1.3   )%                   $2,129                   2.7             %
__________
(a)   reflects delivery volumes and revenues from customers purchasing electricity directly from pepco and customers purchasing electricity from a competitive electric generation supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges. for customers purchasing electricity from pepco, revenue also reflects the cost of energy and transmission.
(b)   other revenue includes transmission revenue from pjm and wholesale electric revenues.
(c)   includes operating revenues from affiliates totaling $6 million for the year ended december 31, 2017 and $5 million for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
results of operations-dpl
2017                                                                               2016            favorable (unfavorable) 2017 vs. 2016 variance                2015           favorable (unfavorable) 2016 vs. 2015 variance operating revenues                                       $1,300              $1,277                                         $23                            $1,302                                       $(25                 )
purchased power and fuel expense                            532                 583                                          51                               634                                         51
revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense(a)         768                 694                                          74                               668                                         26
other operating expenses operating and maintenance                                   315                 441                                         126                               304                                       (137                 )
depreciation and amortization                               167                 157                                         (10                 )             148                                         (9                 )
taxes other than income                                      57                  55                                          (2                 )              51                                         (4                 )
total other operating expenses                              539                 653                                         114                               503                                       (150                 )
gain on sales of assets                                       -                   9                                          (9                 )               -                                          9
operating income                                            229                  50                                         179                               165                                       (115                 )
other income and (deductions)
interest expense, net                                       (51   )             (50   )                                      (1                 )             (50   )                                      -
other, net                                                   14                  13                                           1                                10                                          3
total other income and (deductions)                         (37   )             (37   )                                       -                               (40   )                                      3
income before income taxes                                  192                  13                                         179                               125                                       (112                 )
income taxes                                                 71                  22                                         (49                 )              49                                         27
net income (loss)                                          $121                 $(9   )                                    $130                               $76                                       $(85                 )
__________
(a)   dpl evaluates its operating performance using the measure of revenue net of purchased power expense for electric sales and revenue net of fuel expense for gas sales. dpl believes revenue net of purchased power expense and revenue net of fuel expense are useful measurements because they provide information that can be used to evaluate its operational performance. dpl has included the analysis below as a complement to the financial information provided in accordance with gaap. however, revenue net of purchased power expense and revenue net of fuel expense is not a presentation defined under gaap and may not be comparable to other companies' presentations or deemed more useful than the gaap information provided elsewhere in this report.
169
net income (loss)
year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016.  the increase in net income was driven primarily by a decrease in operating and maintenance expense primarily due to merger-related costs recognized in march 2016 and an increase in revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense as a result of the distribution rate increases approved by the dpsc effective july and december 2016 and a distribution rate increase approved by the mdpsc effective february 2017, partially offset by higher depreciation expense due to increased depreciation rates in maryland effective february 2017. income taxes expense incurred included unrecognized tax benefits of $16 million for uncertain tax positions related to the deductibility of certain merger commitments in the first quarter of 2017. this decrease was offset by an increase in income taxes due to the $6 million december 2017 impairment of certain transmission-related income tax regulatory assets and the one-time non-cash impacts of $5 million associated with the tax cuts and jobs act in 2017.
year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015.  the decrease in net income was driven primarily by an increase in operating and maintenance expense primarily due to merger-related costs.
operating revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense operating revenues include revenue from the distribution and supply of electricity and natural gas to dpl's customers within its service territories at regulated rates. operating revenues also include transmission service revenue that dpl receives as a transmission owner from pjm at rates regulated by ferc. transmission rates are updated annually based on a ferc-approved formula methodology.
electric and natural gas revenues and purchased power and fuel expense are also affected by fluctuations in participation in the customer choice program. all dpl customers have the choice to purchase electricity and gas from competitive electric generation and natural gas suppliers, respectively. the customers' choice of suppliers does not impact the volume of deliveries, but affects revenue collected from customers related to supplied energy and natural gas service.
retail deliveries purchased from competitive electric generation and natural gas suppliers (as a percentage of kwh and mmcf sales, respectively) for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, consisted of the following:
for the years ended december 31,
2017                                      2016                 2015
electric        52   %               51      %            51      %
natural gas     33   %               28      %            31      %
retail customers purchasing electric generation and natural gas from competitive electric generation and natural gas suppliers at december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 consisted of the following:
december 31, 2017                                                 december 31, 2016                                                 december 31, 2015
number of customers             % of total retail customers       number of customers             % of total retail customers       number of customers             % of total retail customers electric      77,790                                 14.9   %                   78,675                                 15.2   %                   77,603                                 15.1   %
natural gas   154                                     0.1   %               156                                         0.1   %               159                                         0.1   %
retail deliveries purchased from competitive electric generation suppliers represented 54% of dpl's retail kwh sales to delaware customers and 48% of dpl retail kwh sales to maryland customers for
170
the year ended december 31, 2017; 53% of dpl's retail kwh sales to delaware customers and 48% of dpl's retail kwh sales to maryland customers for the year ended december 31, 2016; and 53% of dpl's retail kwh sales to delaware customers and 47% of dpl's retail kwh sales to maryland customers for the year ended december 31, 2015.
operating revenues include transmission enhancement credits that dpl receives as a transmission owner from pjm in consideration for approved regional transmission expansion plan expenditures.
operating revenues also include work and services performed on behalf of customers, including other utilities, which is generally not subject to price regulation. work and services includes mutual assistance to other utilities, highway relocation, rentals of pole attachments, late payment fees and collection fees.
natural gas operating revenues includes sources that are subject to price regulation (regulated gas revenue) and those that generally are not subject to price regulation (other gas revenue). regulated gas revenue includes the revenue dpl receives from on-system natural gas delivered sales and the transportation of natural gas for customers within its service territory at regulated rates. other gas revenue consists of off-system natural gas sales and the short-term release of interstate pipeline transportation and storage capacity not needed to serve customers. off-system sales are made possible when low demand for natural gas by regulated customers creates excess pipeline capacity.
purchased power expense consists of the cost of electricity purchased by dpl to fulfill its default electricity supply obligation and, as such, is recoverable from customers in accordance with the terms of public service commission orders. purchased fuel expense consists of the cost of gas purchased by dpl to fulfill its obligation to regulated gas customers and, as such, is recoverable from customers in accordance with the terms of public service commission orders. it also includes the cost of gas purchased for off-system sales.
the changes in dpl's operating revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016 compared to the same periods in 2016 and 2015, respectively, consisted of the following:
2017 vs. 2016                                     2016 vs. 2015
increase (decrease)                               increase (decrease)
electric       gas                     total          electric       gas                 total weather                                                  $(7    )       $(13      )          $(20   )           $-            $-                 $-
volume                                                     2                 11                13                2                2               4
distribution rate increase                                65                  4                69                2                1               3
regulatory required programs                              (3    )       -                      (3   )           10            -                  10
transmission revenues                                     10            -                      10                8            -                   8
other                                                      6            (1        )             5                1            -                   1
increase in revenue net of purchased power expense       $73            $1                    $74              $23            $3                $26
revenue decoupling. dpl's results historically have been seasonal, generally producing higher revenue and income in the warmest and coldest periods of the year. for retail customers of dpl in maryland, revenues are not affected by unseasonably warmer or colder weather because a bill stabilization adjustment (bsa) for retail customers was implemented that provides for a fixed distribution charge per customer. the bsa has the effect of decoupling the distribution revenue recognized in a reporting period from the amount of power delivered during the period. as a result, the only factors that will cause distribution revenue from customers in maryland to fluctuate from period to period are changes
171
in the number of customers and changes in the approved distribution charge per customer. a modified fixed variable rate design, which would provide for a charge not tied to a customer's volumetric consumption of electricity or natural gas, has been proposed for dpl electricity and natural gas customers in delaware. changes in customer usage (due to weather conditions, energy prices, energy efficiency programs or other reasons) from period to period have no impact on reported distribution revenue for customers to whom the bsa applies.
weather.  the demand for electricity and natural gas in areas not subject to the bsa is affected by weather conditions. with respect to the electric business, very warm weather in summer months and, with respect to the electric and natural gas businesses, very cold weather in winter months are referred to as "favorable weather conditions" because these weather conditions result in increased deliveries of electricity and natural gas. conversely, mild weather reduces demand. during the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016, operating revenues net of purchased power and fuel expenses was lower due to the impact of unfavorable weather conditions in dpl's service territory. during the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, weather was not a significant impact.
heating and cooling degree days are quantitative indices that reflect the demand for energy needed to heat or cool a home or business. normal weather is determined based on historical average heating and cooling degree days for a 20-year period in dpl's electric service territory and a 30-year period in dpl's natural gas service territory. the changes in heating and cooling degree days in dpl's service territory for the years ended december 31, 2017 and december 31, 2016 compared to same periods in 2016 and 2015, respectively, and normal weather consisted of the following:
electric service territory                  for the years ended december 31,                                                     % change heating and cooling degree-days              2017   2016                            normal         2017 vs. 2016          2017 vs. normal heating degree-days                4,077                      4,319            4,519               (5.6       )%           (9.8        )%
cooling degree-days                1,300                      1,453            1,210              (10.5       )%   7.4                  %
for the years ended december 31,                                                     % change heating and cooling degree-days              2016   2015                            normal         2016 vs. 2015          2016 vs. normal heating degree-days                4,319                      4,421            4,572               (2.3       )%           (5.5        )%
cooling degree-days                1,453                      1,328            1,188         9.4               %   22.3                 %
natural gas service territory               for the years ended december 31,                                                % change heating and cooling degree-days              2017   2016                       normal          2017 vs. 2016         2017 vs. normal heating degree-days                4,203                      4,454            4,739           (5.6   )%             (11.3   )%
for the years ended december 31,                                                % change heating and cooling degree-days              2016   2015                       normal          2016 vs. 2015         2016 vs. normal heating degree-days                4,454                      4,618            4,754           (3.6   )%              (6.3   )%
volume. the increase in operating revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense related to delivery volume, exclusive of the effects of weather, for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016, primarily reflects the impact of customer growth. the increase in operating revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense related to delivery volume, exclusive of the effects
172
of weather, for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, primarily reflects the impact of moderate economic and customer growth.
distribution rate increase.  the increase in electric operating revenues net of purchased power expense for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 was primarily due to the impact of the higher electric distribution and natural gas rates charged to delaware customers that became effective in july and december 2016 and the impact of higher electric distribution rates charged to maryland customers that became effective in february 2017. the increase in electric operating revenues net of purchased power expense for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 was primarily due to the impact of the new electric distribution rates charged to delaware customers that became effective in july 2016. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
regulatory required programs. this represents the change in operating revenues collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory programs such as energy efficiency programs. the riders are designed to provide full and current cost recovery as well as a return. the costs of these programs are included in operating and maintenance expense, depreciation and amortization expense and taxes other than income in dpl's consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. revenue from regulatory required programs decreased for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 primarily due to lower demand-side management program surcharge revenue due to a decrease in kwh sales and a rate decrease effective january 2017. revenue from regulatory required programs increased for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 primarily due to higher demand-side management program surcharge revenue due to a rate increase effective february 2016. refer to the operating and maintenance expense and depreciation and amortization expense discussion below for additional information on included programs.
transmission revenues. under a ferc approved formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations in the underlying costs, capital investments being recovered and other billing adjustments. transmission revenue increased for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 due to higher rates effective june 1, 2017 and june 1, 2016 related to increases in transmission plant investment and operating expenses. transmission revenue increased for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 due to higher rates effective june 1, 2016 and june 1, 2015 related to increases in transmission plant investment and operating expenses, partially offset by lower revenue related to the mapp abandonment recovery period that ended in march 2016.
other.  other revenue, which can vary period to period, includes rental revenue, revenue related to late payment charges, assistance provided to other utilities through mutual assistance programs, and recoveries of other taxes.
173
operating and maintenance expense year ended december 31,   increase (decrease)                            year ended december 31,           increase (decrease)
2017                                                                                                     2016   2016                                            2015
operating and maintenance expense - baseline                               $306                    $425         $(119             )                 $425                    $289                       $136
operating and maintenance expense - regulatory required programs(a)           9                      16         (7                )                   16                      15         1
total operating and maintenance expense                                    $315                    $441         $(126             )                 $441                    $304                       $137
__________
(a)   operating and maintenance expenses for regulatory required programs are costs for various legislative and/or regulatory programs that are recoverable from customers on a full and current basis through approved regulated rates. an equal and offsetting amount has been reflected in operating revenues.
the changes in operating and maintenance expense for 2017 compared to 2016 and 2016 compared to 2015 consisted of the following:
increase (decrease) 2017 vs. 2016             increase (decrease) 2016 vs. 2015
baseline labor, other benefits, contracting and materials                                         $4                                            $1
storm-related costs                                                                       4                                             5
deferral of billing system transition costs to regulatory asset                           2                                            (2             )
deferral of merger-related costs to regulatory asset                                     (6             )                              (4             )
uncollectible accounts expense - provision                                              (10             )                               3
bsc and phisco allocations(a)                                                           (15             )                              34
merger commitments(b)                                                                   (88             )                              86
write-off of construction work in progress(c)                                            (3             )                               4
other                                                                                    (7             )                               9
(119             )                             136
regulatory required programs purchased power administrative costs                                                     (7             )                               1
total (decrease) increase                                                             $(126             )                            $137
_________
(a)   primarily related to merger severance and compensation costs recognized in 2016.
(b)   primarily related to merger-related commitments for customer rate credits and charitable contributions recognized in 2016.
(c)   primarily resulting from a review of capital projects during the fourth quarter of 2016.
174
depreciation and amortization expense the changes in depreciation and amortization expense for 2017 compared to 2016 and 2016 compared to 2015 consisted of the following:
increase (decrease) 2017 vs. 2016            increase (decrease) 2016 vs. 2015
depreciation expense(a)                                   $14                                           $7
regulatory asset amortization (b)                           -                                           (7             )
regulatory required programs(c)                            (4             )   9
total increase                                            $10                                           $9
_________
(a)   depreciation expense increased due to higher depreciation rates in maryland effective february 2017 and due to ongoing capital expenditures.
(b)   regulatory asset amortization decreased for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 primarily due to lower amortization of mapp abandonment costs.
(c)   regulatory required programs decreased for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 primarily due to an empower maryland surcharge rate decrease effective february 2016 and increased for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 due to an empower maryland surcharge rate increase effective february 2015. depreciation and amortization expenses for regulatory required programs are recoverable from customers on a full and current basis through approved regulated rates. a partially offsetting amount has been reflected in operating revenues and operating and maintenance expense.
taxes other than income taxes other than income for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 remained relatively constant. taxes other than income for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 increased primarily due to higher property taxes in maryland related to higher property assessments and rate increases.
gain on sales of assets gain on sales of assets for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 decreased primarily due to gains recorded in 2016 at dpl associated with the sale of land held as non-utility property. gain on sales of assets for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 increased primarily due to gains recorded in 2016 at dpl associated with the sale of land held as non-utility property.
interest expense, net interest expense, net for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 and for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 remained relatively constant.
other, net other, net for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 remained relatively constant. other, net for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 increased primarily due to higher income from afudc equity.
effective income tax rate dpl's effective income tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 were 37.0%, 169.2% and 39.2%, respectively. see note 14 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the components of the change in effective income tax rates. in the first quarter of 2017, dpl decreased its liability for unrecognized
175
tax benefits by $16 million resulting in a benefit to income taxes and corresponding decrease to its effective tax rate. this decrease was offset by an increase in income taxes due to the $6 million december 2017 impairment of certain transmission-related income tax regulatory assets and the one-time non-cash impacts of $5 million associated with the tax cuts and jobs act in 2017.
as a result of the merger, dpl recorded an after-tax charge of $23 million during the year ended december 31, 2016 as a result of the assessment and remeasurement of certain federal and state uncertain tax positions.
dpl electric operating statistics and revenue detail retail deliveries to customers (in gwhs)             2017             2016      % change 2017 vs. 2016         weather - normal % change             2015          % change 2016 vs. 2015         weather - normal % change retail deliveries(a)
residential                                    5,010             5,181              (3.3   )%                        (0.3   )%                  5,337                  (2.9   )%                        (2.9   )%
small commercial &amp; industrial              2,237             2,290              (2.3   )%                        (0.9   )%                  2,311                  (0.9   )%                        (1.3   )%
large commercial &amp; industrial              4,585             4,623              (0.8   )%            0.3                %                   4,781                  (3.3   )%                        (3.9   )%
public authorities &amp; electric railroads       44                46              (4.3   )%                        (8.3   )%                     45       2.2               %             6.7                %
total retail deliveries                       11,876            12,140              (2.2   )%                        (0.2   )%                 12,474                  (2.7   )%                        (2.9   )%
as of december 31, number of electric customers                          2017                2016                2015
residential                                   459,389             456,181             453,145
small commercial &amp; industrial              60,697              60,173              59,714
large commercial &amp; industrial               1,400               1,411               1,410
public authorities &amp; electric railroads       629                 643                 643
total                                         522,115             518,408             514,912
electric revenue                                       2017                2016          % change 2017 vs. 2016                2015          % change 2016 vs. 2015
retail sales(a)
residential                                        $660                $668                  (1.2            )%            $681                  (1.9   )%
small commercial &amp; industrial                   185                 187                  (1.1            )%             192                  (2.6   )%
large commercial &amp; industrial                   102                  98                   4.1             %             101                  (3.0   )%
public authorities &amp; electric railroads          14                  13                   7.7             %              12                   8.3   %
total retail                                        961                 966                  (0.5            )%             986                  (2.0   )%
other revenue(b)                                    178                 163                   9.2             %             152                   7.2   %
total electric revenue(c)                        $1,139              $1,129                   0.9             %          $1,138                  (0.8   )%
__________
(a)   reflects delivery volumes and revenues from customers purchasing electricity directly from dpl and customers purchasing electricity from a competitive electric generation supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges. for customers purchasing electricity from dpl, revenue also reflects the cost of energy and transmission.
(b)   other revenue includes transmission revenue from pjm and wholesale electric revenues.
(c)   includes operating revenues from affiliates totaling $8 million, $7 million and $6 million for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
176
dpl gas operating statistics and revenue detail retail deliveries to customers (in mmcf)          2017   2016                    % change 2017 vs. 2016         weather normal % change   2015                    % change 2016 vs. 2015         weather normal % change retail deliveries residential                                13,107            13,341                  (1.8            )%               5.2             %       13,816                  (3.4   )%                       (0.4            )%
transportation &amp; other                  6,538             6,201                   5.4             %               6.9             %        6,193       0.1               %                         1.4             %
total gas deliveries                       19,645            19,542                   0.5             %               5.7             %       20,009                  (2.3   )%                        0.1             %
as of december 31, number of gas customers               2017                2016                2015
residential                   122,347             120,951             119,771
commercial &amp; industrial     9,853               9,801               9,712
transportation &amp; other        154                 156                 159
total                         132,354             130,908             129,642
gas revenue                            2017              2016           % change 2017 vs. 2016              2015   % change 2016 vs. 2015
retail sales(a)
retail sales                       $136              $127                    7.1             %          $143       (11.2         )%
transportation &amp; other(b)        25                21                   19.0             %            21       -             %
total gas revenues                 $161              $148                    8.8             %          $164       (9.8          )%
__________
(a)   reflects delivery volumes and revenues from customers purchasing natural gas directly from dpl and customers purchasing natural gas from a competitive natural gas supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges. for customers purchasing natural gas from dpl, revenue also reflects the cost of natural gas.
(b)   transportation and other revenue includes off-system natural gas sales and the short-term release of interstate pipeline transportation and storage capacity not needed to serve customers.
177
results of operations-ace
2017                                                                      2016            favorable (unfavorable) 2017 vs. 2016 variance                2015           favorable (unfavorable) 2016 vs. 2015 variance operating revenues                              $1,186              $1,257                                        $(71                 )          $1,295                                       $(38                 )
purchased power expense                            570                 651                                          81                               708                                         57
revenues net of purchased power expense(a)         616                 606                                          10                               587                                         19
other operating expenses operating and maintenance                          307                 428                                         121                               271                                       (157                 )
depreciation and amortization                      146                 165                                          19                               175                                         10
taxes other than income                              6                   7                                           1                                 7                                          -
total other operating expenses                     459                 600                                         141                               453                                       (147                 )
gain on sales of assets                              -                   1                                          (1                 )               -                                          1
operating income                                   157                   7                                         150                               134                                       (127                 )
other income and (deductions)
interest expense, net                              (61   )             (62   )                                       1                               (64   )                                      2
other, net                                           7                   9                                          (2                 )               3                                          6
total other income and(deductions)                 (54   )             (53   )                                      (1                 )             (61   )                                      8
income (loss) before income taxes                  103                 (46   )                                     149                                73                                       (119                 )
income taxes                                        26                  (4   )                                     (30                 )              33                                         37
net income (loss)                                  $77                $(42   )                                    $119                               $40                                       $(82                 )
__________
(a)   ace evaluates its operating performance using the measure of revenue net of purchased power expense for electric sales. ace believes revenue net of purchased power expense is a useful measurement of its performance because it provides information that can be used to evaluate its operational performance. ace has included the analysis below as a complement to the financial information provided in accordance with gaap. however, revenue net of purchased power expense is not a presentation defined under gaap and may not be comparable to other companies' presentations or deemed more useful than the gaap information provided elsewhere in this report.
net income (loss)
year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016. the increase in net income was primarily due to a decrease in operating and maintenance expense primarily due to merger-related costs recognized in march 2016 and an increase in revenues net of purchased power expense resulting from impact of distribution rate increases approved by the njbpu effective august 2016 and october 2017 and an increase in transmission formula rate revenues, partially offset by lower customer usage. income taxes expense incurred included unrecognized tax benefits of $22 million for uncertain tax positions related to the deductibility of certain merger commitments in the first quarter of 2017. this decrease was offset by an increase in income taxes due to the december 2017 impairment of certain transmission-related income tax regulatory assets of $7 million and the one-time non-cash impacts of $2 million associated with the tax cuts and jobs act in 2017.
year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015. the decrease in net income was driven primarily by an increase in operating and maintenance expense primarily due to merger-related costs.
178
revenues net of purchased power expense operating revenues include revenue from the distribution and supply of electricity to ace's customers within its service territories at regulated rates. operating revenues also include transmission service revenue that ace receives as a transmission owner from pjm at rates regulated by ferc. transmission rates are updated annually based on a ferc-approved formula methodology.
electric revenues and purchased power expense are also affected by fluctuations in participation in the customer choice program. all ace customers have the choice to purchase electricity from competitive electric generation suppliers. the customer's choice of supplier does not impact the volume of deliveries, but affects revenue collected from customers related to supplied energy service.
retail deliveries purchased from competitive electric generation suppliers (as a percentage of kwh sales) for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, consisted of the following:
for the years ended december 31,
2017                                   2016                 2015
electric     48   %               47      %            45      %
retail customers purchasing electric generation from competitive electric generation suppliers at december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 consisted of the following:
december 31, 2017                                             december 31, 2016                                             december 31, 2015
number of customers           % of total retail customers     number of customers           % of total retail customers     number of customers           % of total retail customers electric   86,155                  16                    %               94,562                  17                    %               78,299                  14                    %
operating revenues include revenue from transition bond charges that ace receives, and pays to ace funding, to fund the principal and interest payments on transition bonds, revenue from the resale in the pjm wholesale markets for energy and capacity purchased under contracts with unaffiliated nugs, and revenue from transmission enhancement credits.
operating revenues also include work and services performed on behalf of customers, including other utilities, which is generally not subject to price regulation. work and services includes mutual assistance to other utilities, highway relocation, rentals of pole attachments, late payment fees and collection fees.
purchased power expense consists of the cost of electricity purchased by ace to fulfill its default electricity supply obligation and, as such, is recoverable from customers in accordance with the terms of public service commission orders.
179
the changes in ace's operating revenues net of purchased power expense for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016 compared to the same periods in 2016 and 2015, respectively, consisted of the following:
increase (decrease) 2017 vs. 2016            increase (decrease) 2016 vs. 2015
weather                                                                    $(3             )                            $(3             )
volume                                                                     (20             )                              1
distribution rate increase                                                  40                                           14
regulatory required programs                                               (24             )                            (14             )
transmission revenues                                                       22                                           23
other                                                                       (5             )                             (2             )
increase in revenue net of purchased power expense                         $10                                          $19
weather. the demand for electricity is affected by weather conditions. with respect to the electric business, very warm weather in summer months and very cold weather in winter months are referred to as "favorable weather conditions" because these weather conditions result in increased deliveries of electricity. conversely, mild weather reduces demand. during the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016, operating revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense was lower due to the impact of unfavorable winter weather conditions in ace's service territory. during the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, operating revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense was lower due to the impact of unfavorable winter weather conditions in ace's service territory.
for retail customers of ace, distribution revenues are not decoupled for the distribution of electricity by ace, and thus are subject to variability due to changes in customer consumption. therefore, changes in customer usage (due to weather conditions, energy prices, energy savings programs or other reasons) from period to period have a direct impact on reported distribution revenue for customers in ace's service territory.
heating and cooling degree days are quantitative indices that reflect the demand for energy needed to heat or cool a home or business. normal weather is determined based on historical average heating and cooling degree days for a 20-year period in ace's service territory. the changes in heating and cooling degree days in ace's service territory for the years ended december 31, 2017 and december 31, 2016 compared to same periods in 2016 and 2015, respectively, and normal weather consisted of the following:
for the years ended december 31,           normal                                         % change heating and cooling degree-days              2017   2016                               2017 vs. 2016              2017 vs. normal heating degree-days                4,206                      4,487            4,713                     (6.3        )%             (10.8   )%
cooling degree-days                1,228                      1,303            1,115                     (5.8        )%              10.1    %
for the years ended december 31,           normal                                         % change heating and cooling degree-days              2016   2015                               2016 vs. 2015              2016 vs. normal heating degree-days                4,487                      4,671            4,768                     (3.9        )%              (5.9   )%
cooling degree-days                1,303                      1,259            1,093                      3.5         %              19.2    %
180
volume. the decrease in operating revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense related to delivery volume, exclusive of the effects of weather, for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016, primarily reflects lower average customer usage, partially offset by the impact of customer growth. the increase in operating revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense related to delivery volume, exclusive of the effects of weather, for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, primarily reflects the impact of moderate economic and customer growth, partially offset by lower average customer usage.
distribution rate increase. the increase in electric operating revenues net of purchased power expense for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 was primarily due to the impact of the new electric distribution rates charged to customers that became effective in august 2016 and october 2017. the increase in electric operating revenues net of purchased power expense for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 was primarily due to the impact of the new electric distribution rates charged to customers that became effective in august 2016. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
regulatory required programs. this represents the change in operating revenues collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory programs such as energy efficiency programs. the riders are designed to provide full and current cost recovery as well as a return. the costs of these programs are included in operating and maintenance expense, depreciation and amortization expense and taxes other than income in ace's consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. revenue from regulatory required programs decreased for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 due to a rate decrease effective october 2016 for the ace transition bond charge and market transition charge tax. revenue from required regulatory programs decreased for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 due to rate decreases effective october 2016 and october 2015 for the ace market transition charge tax. refer to the operating and maintenance expense and depreciation and amortization expense discussion below for additional information on included programs.
transmission revenues. under a ferc approved formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations in the underlying costs, capital investments being recovered and other billing adjustments. transmission revenue increased for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 due to higher rates effective june 1, 2017 and june 1, 2016 related to increases in transmission plant investment and operating expenses. transmission revenue increased for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 due to higher rates effective june 1, 2016 and june 1, 2015 related to increases in transmission plant investment and operating expenses.
181
operating and maintenance expense year ended december 31,   increase (decrease)                            year ended december 31,         increase(decrease)
2017                                                                                                     2016   2017 vs. 2016                             2016                    2015              2016 vs. 2015
operating and maintenance expense - baseline                               $303                    $424         $(121             )                 $424                    $267                    $157
operating and maintenance expense - regulatory required programs(a)           4                       4         -                                      4                       4                       -
total operating and maintenance expense                                    $307                    $428         $(121             )                 $428                    $271                    $157
__________
(a)   operating and maintenance expenses for regulatory required programs are costs for various legislative and/or regulatory programs that are recoverable from customers on a full and current basis through approved regulated rates. an equal and offsetting amount has been reflected in operating revenues.
the changes in operating and maintenance expense for 2017 compared to 2016 and 2016 compared to 2015 consisted of the following:
increase (decrease) 2017 vs. 2016             increase (decrease) 2016 vs. 2015
baseline labor, other benefits, contracting and materials                              $9                                            $6
bsc and phisco allocations(a)                                                (11             )                              26
merger commitments(b)                                                       (111             )                             111
deferral of merger-related costs to regulatory asset                          (9             )                               -
other                                                                          1                                            14
total (decrease) increase                                                  $(121             )                            $157
_________
(a)   primarily related to merger severance and compensation costs recognized in 2016.
(b)   primarily related to merger-related commitments for customer rate credits and charitable contributions recognized in 2016.
182
depreciation and amortization expense the changes in depreciation and amortization expense for 2017 compared to 2016 and 2016 compared to 2015 consisted of the following:
increase (decrease) 2017 vs. 2016   increase (decrease) 2016 vs. 2015
depreciation expense(a)                                  $6                 $6
regulatory asset amortization                            (2             )   (4                          )
required regulatory programs(b)                         (24             )   (12                         )
other                                                     1                 -
total decrease                                         $(19             )   $(10                        )
_________
(a)   depreciation expense increased due to ongoing capital expenditures.
(b)   regulatory required programs decreased for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 primarily as a result of lower revenue due to a rate decrease effective october 2016 for the ace transition bond charge and market transition charge tax. required regulatory programs amortization decreased for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 primarily as a result of lower revenue due to a rate decrease effective october 2015 for the ace market transition charge tax. depreciation and amortization expenses for regulatory required programs are recoverable from customers on a full and current basis through approved regulated rates. an equal and offsetting amount has been reflected in operating revenues and operating and maintenance expense.
taxes other than income taxes other than income for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016, remained constant. taxes other than income for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, remained constant.
interest expense, net interest expense, net remained relatively consistent for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to the same period in 2016, and the year ended december 31, 2016, compared to the same period in 2015.
gain on sales of assets gain on sales of assets for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 decreased primarily due to gains recorded in 2016 at ace associated with the sale of property. gain on sales of assets for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 increased primarily due to gains recorded in 2016 at ace associated with the sale of property.
other, net other, net for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 remained relatively constant. other, net for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 increased primarily due to higher income from afudc equity.
effective income tax rate ace's effective income tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 were 25.2%, 8.7%, and 45.2%, respectively. see note 14 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the components of the change in effective income tax rates. in the first quarter of 2017, ace decreased its liability for unrecognized tax benefits by $22 million resulting in a benefit to income taxes and corresponding decrease to its effective tax rate. this decrease was offset by an increase in income taxes due to the december 2017
183
impairment of certain transmission-related income tax regulatory assets of $7 million and the one-time non-cash impacts of $2 million associated with the tax cuts and jobs act in 2017.
as a result of the merger, ace recorded an after-tax charge of $22 million during the year ended december 31, 2016 as a result of the assessment and remeasurement of certain federal and state uncertain tax positions.
ace electric operating statistics and revenue detail retail deliveries to customers (in gwhs)            2017            2016      % change 2017 vs. 2016         weather - normal % change            2015           % change 2016 vs. 2015          weather - normal % change retail deliveries(a)
residential                                   3,853            4,153              (7.2   )%                        (6.2   )%                 4,322                   (3.9   )%                         (2.9   )%
small commercial &amp; industrial             1,286            1,455             (11.6   )%                       (11.1   )%                 1,288                   13.0   %                          13.5   %
large commercial &amp; industrial             3,399            3,402              (0.1   )%            0.4                %                  3,594                   (5.3   )%                         (5.2   )%
public authorities &amp; electric railroads      47               49              (4.1   )%                        (4.1   )%                    45                    8.9   %                           8.9   %
total retail deliveries                       8,585            9,059              (5.2   )%                        (4.5   )%                 9,249                   (2.1   )%                         (1.4   )%
as of december 31, number of electric customers                          2017                2016                2015
residential                                   487,168             484,240             482,000
small commercial &amp; industrial              61,013              61,008              60,745
large commercial &amp; industrial               3,684               3,763               3,871
public authorities &amp; electric railroads       636                 610                 529
total                                         552,501             549,621             547,145
% change 2017 vs. 2016                                     % change 2016 vs. 2015
electric revenue                                       2017                2016                                      2015
retail sales(a)
residential                                        $619                $664                  (6.8   )%                     $690              (3.8   )%
small commercial &amp; industrial                   166                 183                  (9.3   )%                      175               4.6   %
large commercial &amp; industrial                   189                 201                  (6.0   )%                      213              (5.6   )%
public authorities &amp; electric railroads          13                  13                     -   %                        12               8.3   %
total retail                                        987               1,061                  (7.0   )%                    1,090              (2.7   )%
other revenue(b)                                    199                 196       1.5               %                       205              (4.4   )%
total electric revenue(c)                        $1,186              $1,257                  (5.6   )%                   $1,295              (2.9   )%
__________
(a)   reflects delivery volumes and revenues from customers purchasing electricity directly from ace and customers purchasing electricity from a competitive electric generation supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges. for customers purchasing electricity from ace, revenue also reflects the cost of energy and transmission.
(b) other revenue includes transmission revenue from pjm and wholesale electric revenues.
(c) includes operating revenues from affiliates totaling $2 million, $3 million and $4 million for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
184
liquidity and capital resources exelon activity presented below includes the activity of phi, pepco, dpl and ace, from the phi merger effective date of march 24, 2016 through december 31, 2017. exelon prior year activity is unadjusted for the effects of the phi merger. due to the application of push-down accounting to the phi entity, phi's activity is presented in two separate reporting periods, the legacy phi activity through march 23, 2016 (predecessor), and phi activity for the remainder of the period after the phi merger date (successor). for each of pepco, dpl and ace the activity presented below include its activity for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015. all results included throughout the liquidity and capital resources section are presented on a gaap basis.
the registrants' operating and capital expenditures requirements are provided by internally generated cash flows from operations as well as funds from external sources in the capital markets and through bank borrowings. the registrants' businesses are capital intensive and require considerable capital resources. each registrant's access to external financing on reasonable terms depends on its credit ratings and current overall capital market business conditions, including that of the utility industry in general. if these conditions deteriorate to the extent that the registrants no longer have access to the capital markets at reasonable terms, the registrants have access to unsecured revolving credit facilities with aggregate bank commitments of $9 billion. in addition, generation has $480 million in bilateral facilities with banks which have various expirations between january 2019 and december 2019. the registrants utilize their credit facilities to support their commercial paper programs, provide for other short-term borrowings and to issue letters of credit. see the "credit matters" section below for further discussion. the registrants expect cash flows to be sufficient to meet operating expenses, financing costs and capital expenditure requirements.
the registrants primarily use their capital resources, including cash, to fund capital requirements, including construction expenditures, retire debt, pay dividends, fund pension and other postretirement benefit obligations and invest in new and existing ventures. the registrants spend a significant amount of cash on capital improvements and construction projects that have a long-term return on investment. additionally, comed, peco, bge, pepco, dpl and ace operate in rate-regulated environments in which the amount of new investment recovery may be delayed or limited and where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time. see note 13 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the registrants' debt and credit agreements.
nrc minimum funding requirements nrc regulations require that licensees of nuclear generating facilities demonstrate reasonable assurance that sufficient funds will be available in certain minimum amounts to decommission the facility.  these nrc minimum funding levels are based upon the assumption that decommissioning activities will commence after the end of the current licensed life of each unit.  if a unit fails the nrc minimum funding test, then the plant's owners or parent companies would be required to take steps, such as providing financial guarantees through letters of credit or parent company guarantees or making additional cash contributions to the ndt fund to ensure sufficient funds are available. see note 15 - asset retirement obligations of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the nrc minimum funding requirements.
if a nuclear plant were to early retire there is a risk that it will no longer meet the nrc minimum funding requirements due to the earlier commencement of decommissioning activities and a shorter time period over which the ndt fund investments could appreciate in value. a shortfall could require exelon to post parental guarantees for generation's share of the obligations. however, the amount of any required guarantees will ultimately depend on the decommissioning approach adopted at each site, the associated level of costs, and the decommissioning trust fund investment performance going forward.
185
within two years after shutting down a plant, generation must submit a post-shutdown decommissioning activities report (psdar) to the nrc that includes the planned option for decommissioning the site. as discussed in note 15 - asset retirement obligations of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements, generation filed its biennial decommissioning funding status report with the nrc on march 31, 2017 and demonstrated adequate funding assurance for all nuclear units currently operating. as of december 31, 2017, across the four alternative decommissioning approaches available, generation estimates a parental guarantee of up to $90 million from exelon could be required for tmi, dependent upon the ultimate decommissioning approach selected. for oyster creek, none of the alternative decommissioning approaches available would require exelon to post a parental guarantee. in the event pseg decides to early retire salem, generation estimates a parental guarantee of up to $45 million from exelon could be required for salem, dependent upon the ultimate decommissioning approach selected.
upon issuance of any required financial guarantees, each site would be able to utilize the respective ndt funds for radiological decommissioning costs, which represent the majority of the total expected decommissioning costs. however, the nrc must approve an additional exemption in order for the plant's owner(s) to utilize the ndt fund to pay for non-radiological decommissioning costs (i.e., spent fuel management and site restoration costs). if a unit does not receive this exemption, the costs would be borne by the owner(s). while the ultimate amounts may vary greatly and could be reduced by alternate decommissioning scenarios and/or reimbursement of certain costs under the united states department of energy reimbursement agreements or future litigation, across the four alternative decommissioning approaches available, if tmi or oyster creek were to fail to obtain the exemption, generation estimates it could incur spent fuel management and site restoration costs over the next ten years of up to $225 million and $200 million net of taxes, respectively, dependent upon the ultimate decommissioning approach selected. in the event pseg decides to early retire salem and salem were to fail to obtain the exemption, generation estimates it could incur spent fuel management and site restoration costs over the next ten years of up to $80 million net of taxes.
junior subordinated notes in june 2014, exelon issued $1.15 billion of junior subordinated notes in the form of 23 million equity units at a stated amount of $50.00 per unit. each equity unit represented an undivided beneficial ownership interest in exelon's $1.15 billion of 2.50% junior subordinated notes due in 2024 ("2024 notes") and a forward equity purchase contract.  as contemplated in the june 2014 equity unit structure, in april 2017, exelon completed the remarketing of the 2024 notes into $1.15 billion of 3.497% junior subordinated notes due in 2022 ("remarketing").  exelon conducted the remarketing on behalf of the holders of equity units and did not directly receive any proceeds therefrom. instead, the former holders of the 2024 notes used debt remarketing proceeds towards settling the forward equity purchase contract with exelon on june 1, 2017. exelon issued approximately 33 million shares of common stock from treasury stock and received $1.15 billion upon settlement of the forward equity purchase contract. when reissuing treasury stock exelon uses the average price paid to repurchase shares to calculate a gain or loss on issuance and records gains or losses directly to retained earnings. a loss on reissuance of treasury shares of $1.05 billion was recorded to retained earnings as of december 31, 2017. see note 21 - earnings per share of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further information on the issuance of common stock.
cash flows from operating activities general generation's cash flows from operating activities primarily result from the sale of electric energy and energy-related products and services to customers. generation's future cash flows from operating activities may be affected by future demand for and market prices of energy and its ability to continue to produce and supply power at competitive costs as well as to obtain collections from customers.
186
the utility registrants' cash flows from operating activities primarily result from the transmission and distribution of electricity and, in the case of peco, bge and dpl, gas distribution services. the utility registrants' distribution services are provided to an established and diverse base of retail customers. the utility registrants' future cash flows may be affected by the economy, weather conditions, future legislative initiatives, future regulatory proceedings with respect to their rates or operations, competitive suppliers, and their ability to achieve operating cost reductions.
see notes 3 - regulatory matters and 23 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further discussion of regulatory and legal proceedings and proposed legislation.
the following table provides a summary of the major items affecting exelon's cash flows from operations for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015:
2017                                                                                                     2016            2017 vs. 2016 variance                2015               2016 vs. 2015 variance net income                                                                     $3,849              $1,204                      $2,645                     2,250                        $(1,046         )
add (subtract):
non-cash operating activities(a)                                                5,446               7,722                      (2,276         )           5,630                          2,092
pension and non-pension                                                          (405   )            (397   )                      (8         )            (502   )                        105
postretirement benefit contributions income taxes                                                                      299                (674   )                     973                        97                           (771         )
changes in working capital and other noncurrent assets and liabilities(b)      (1,579   )            (275   )                  (1,304         )            (264   )                        (11         )
option premiums received (paid), net                                               28                 (66   )                      94                        58       -                   (124         )
collateral received                                                              (158   )             931                      (1,089         )             347                            584
(posted), net net cash flows provided by operations                                          $7,480              $8,445                       $(965         )          $7,616                           $829
__________
(a)   represents depreciation, amortization, depletion and accretion, net fair value changes related to derivatives, deferred income taxes, provision for uncollectible accounts, pension and non-pension postretirement benefit expense, equity in earnings and losses of unconsolidated affiliates and investments, decommissioning-related items, stock compensation expense, impairment of long-lived assets, and other non-cash charges. see note 24 -supplemental financial information of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further detail on non-cash operating activity.
(b)   changes in working capital and other noncurrent assets and liabilities exclude the changes in commercial paper, income taxes and the current portion of long-term debt.
pension and other postretirement benefits management considers various factors when making pension funding decisions, including actuarially determined minimum contribution requirements under erisa, contributions required to avoid benefit restrictions and at-risk status as defined by the pension protection act of 2006 (the act), management of the pension obligation and regulatory implications. the act requires the attainment of certain funding levels to avoid benefit restrictions (such as an inability to pay lump sums or to accrue benefits prospectively), and at-risk status (which triggers higher minimum contribution requirements and participant notification). the projected contributions below reflect a funding strategy of contributing the greater of (1) $300 million (updated for the inclusion of phi) until the qualified plans are fully funded on an abo basis, and (2) the minimum amounts under erisa to avoid benefit restrictions and at-risk status. this level funding strategy helps minimize volatility of future period required pension contributions. unlike
187
the qualified pension plans, exelon's non-qualified pension plans are not funded given that they are not subject to statutory minimum contribution requirements.
while other postretirement plans are also not subject to statutory minimum contribution requirements, exelon does fund certain of its plans. for exelon's funded opeb plans, contributions generally equal accounting costs, however, exelon's management has historically considered several factors in determining the level of contributions to its other postretirement benefit plans, including liabilities management, levels of benefit claims paid and regulatory implications (amounts deemed prudent to meet regulatory expectations and best assure continued rate recovery). the amounts below include benefit payments related to unfunded plans.
the following table provides all registrants' planned contributions to the qualified pension plans, planned benefit payments to non-qualified pension plans, and planned contributions to other postretirement plans in 2018:
qualified pension plans            non-qualified pension plans                   other postretirement benefits exelon                    $301                                  $30                          $42
generation                 119                                   11                           13
comed                       38                                    2                            3
peco                        17                                    1                            -
bge                         41                                    1                           16
bsc                         36                                    7                            1
phi                         50                                    8                            9
pepco                        4                                    2                            8
dpl                          -                                    1                            -
ace                          6                                    -                            -
phisco                      40                                    5                            1
to the extent interest rates decline significantly or the pension and opeb plans earn less than the expected asset returns, annual pension contribution requirements in future years could increase. conversely, to the extent interest rates increase significantly or the pension and opeb plans earn greater than the expected asset returns, annual pension and opeb contribution requirements in future years could decrease. additionally, expected contributions could change if exelon changes its pension or opeb funding strategy.
on october 3, 2017, the us department of treasury and irs released final regulations updating the mortality tables to be used for defined benefit pension plan funding, as well as the valuation of lump sum and other accelerated distribution options, effective for plan years beginning in 2018. the new mortality tables reflect improved projected life expectancy as compared to the existing table, which is generally expected to increase minimum pension funding requirements, pension benefit guaranty corporation premiums and the value of lump sum distributions. the irs permits plan sponsors the option of delaying use of the new mortality tables for determining minimum funding requirements until 2019, which exelon intends to utilize. the one-year delay does not apply for use of the mortality tables to determine the present value of lump sum distributions. the estimated impact of the new mortality tables along with other current assumptions and market information are reflected in the estimated future pension contributions in the "contractual obligations" section below.
the ema requires ceng to fund the obligation related to pre-transfer service of employees, including the underfunded balance of the pension and other postretirement welfare benefit plans
188
measured as of july 14, 2014 by making periodic payments to generation. these payments will be made on an agreed payment schedule or upon the occurrence of certain specified events, such as edf's disposition of a majority of its interest in ceng. however, in the event that edf exercises its rights under the put option, all payments not made as of the put closing date shall accelerate to be paid immediately prior to such closing date. see note 2 - variable interest entities of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the investment in ceng.
tax matters the registrants' future cash flows from operating activities may be affected by the following tax matters:
•   pursuant to the tcja, beginning in 2018 generation is expected to have higher operating cash flows in the range of approximately $1.2 billion to $1.6 billion for the period from 2018 to 2021, reflecting the reduction in the corporate federal income tax rate and full expensing of capital investments.
the tcja is generally expected to result in lower operating cash flows for the utility registrants as a result of the elimination of bonus depreciation and lower customer rates. increased operating cash flows for the utility registrants from lower corporate federal income tax rates is expected to be more than offset over time by lower customer rates resulting from lower income tax expense recoveries and the settlement of deferred income tax net regulatory liabilities established pursuant to the tcja. the amount and timing of settlement of the net regulatory liabilities will be determined by the utility registrants' respective rate regulators, subject to certain irs "normalization" rules. the table below sets forth the registrants' estimated categorization of their net regulatory liabilities as of december 31, 2017. the amounts in the table below are shown on an after-tax basis reflecting future net cash outflows after taking into consideration the income tax benefits associated with the ultimate settlement with customers.
successor exelon               comed           peco(a)               bge                   phi             pepco               dpl               ace subject to irs normalization rules           $3,040               $1,400             $533               $459                $648                $299              $195              $153
subject to rate regulator determination       1,694        573                 43                324               754                   391               194               170
net regulatory liabilities                   $4,734               $1,973             $576               $783              $1,402                $690              $389              $323
__________
(a)   given the regulatory treatment of income tax benefits related to electric and gas distribution repairs, peco remains in an overall net regulatory asset position as of december 31, 2017 after recording the impacts related to the tcja. as a result, the amount of customer benefits resulting from the tcja subject to the discretion of peco's rate regulators are lower relative to the other utility registrants. refer to note 3 - regulatory matters for additional information.
net regulatory liability amounts subject to normalization rules generally may not be passed back to customers any faster than over the remaining useful lives of the underlying assets giving rise to the associated deferred income taxes. such deferred income taxes generally relate to property, plant and equipment with remaining useful lives ranging from 30 to 40 years across the utility registrants. for the remaining amounts, rate regulators could require the passing back of amounts to customers over shorter time frames, which could materially decrease operating cash outflows at each of the utility registrants in the near term.
the utility registrants expect to fund any such required incremental operating cash outflows using a combination of third party debt financings and equity funding from exelon in combinations generally consistent with existing capitalization ratio structures. to fund any additional equity contributions to the utility registrants, exelon would have available to it its typical sources, including, but not limited to, the increased operating cash flows at generation
189
referenced above, which over time are expected to exceed the incremental equity needs at the utility registrants.
the utility registrants continue to work with their state regulatory commissions to determine the amount and timing of the passing back of tcja income tax savings benefits to customers; with filings either made, or expected to be made, at pepco, dpl and ace, and approved filings at comed and bge. the amounts being passed back or proposed to be passed back to customers reflect the benefit of lower income tax expense beginning january 1, 2018 (feb. 1, 2018 for dpl delaware), and the settlement of a portion of deferred income tax regulatory liabilities established upon enactment of the tcja. to date, neither the papuc nor ferc has yet issued guidance on how and when to reflect the impacts of the tcja in customer rates. refer to note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on their filings.
in general, most states use federal taxable income as the starting point for computing state corporate income tax. now that the tcja has been enacted, state governments are beginning to analyze the impact of the tcja on their state revenues. exelon is uncertain regarding what the state governments will do, and there is a possibility that state corporate income taxes could change due to the enactment of the tcja. in 2018, exelon will be closely monitoring the states' responses to the tcja as these could have an impact on exelon's future cash flows.
see note 14 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial information for further information on the amounts of the net regulatory liabilities subject to determinations by rate regulators.
•   exelon appealed the tax court's like-kind exchange decision in the third quarter of 2017. in the fourth quarter of 2017, the irs assessed the tax, penalties and interest of approximately $1.3 billion related to the like-kind exchange, including $300 million attributable to comed. while exelon will receive a tax benefit of approximately $350 million associated with the deduction for the interest, exelon currently has a net operating loss carryforward and thus does not expect to realize the cash benefit until 2018. after taking into account these interest deduction tax benefits, the total estimated net cash outflow for the like-kind exchange is approximately $950 million, of which approximately $300 million is attributable to comed after giving consideration to exelon's agreement to hold comed harmless from any unfavorable impacts on comed's equity from the like-kind exchange position.
of the above amounts payable, exelon deposited with the irs $1.25 billion in october of 2016. exelon funded the $1.25 billion deposit with a combination of cash on hand and short-term borrowings. as a result of the irs's assessment of the tax, penalties and interest in the fourth quarter of 2017, the deposit is no longer available to exelon and thus was reclassified from a current asset and is now reflected as an offset to the related liabilities for the tax, penalties, and interest that are included on exelon's balance sheet as current liabilities. the remaining amount due of approximately $20 million was paid in the fourth quarter of 2017. in the third quarter of 2017, the $300 million payable discussed above attributable to comed, net of comed's receivable pursuant to the hold harmless agreement, was settled with exelon. see note 14 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the like-kind exchange tax position.
•   state and local governments continue to face increasing financial challenges, which may increase the risk of additional income tax, property taxes and other taxes or the imposition, extension or permanence of temporary tax increases. on july 6, 2017, illinois enacted senate bill 9, which permanently increased illinois' total corporate income tax rate from 7.75% to 9.50% effective july 1, 2017. the rate increase is not expected to have a material ongoing
190
impact to exelon's, generation's or comed's future cash taxes. see note 14 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the illinois tax rate change.
cash flows provided by operations for the year ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 by registrant were as follows:
2017                                      2016                2015
exelon          $7,480              $8,445              $7,616
generation       3,299               4,444               4,199
comed            1,527               2,505               1,896
peco               755                 829                 770
bge                821                 945                 782
pepco              407                 651                 373
dpl                321                 310                 266
ace                206                 385                 256
successor                                                                                  predecessor for the year ended december 31, 2017             march 24, 2016 to december 31, 2016       january 1, 2016 to march 23, 2016             for the year ended december 31, 2015
phi   $950                                             $888                                      $264                                          $939
changes in registrants' cash flows from operations were generally consistent with changes in each registrant's respective results of operations, as adjusted by changes in working capital in the normal course of business, except as discussed below. in addition, significant operating cash flow impacts for the registrants for 2017, 2016 and 2015 were as follows:
generation
•   depending upon whether generation is in a net mark-to-market liability or asset position, collateral may be required to be posted with or collected from its counterparties. in addition, the collateral posting and collection requirements differ depending on whether the transactions are on an exchange or in the otc markets. during 2017, 2016 and 2015, generation had net collections/(payments) of counterparty cash collateral of $(129) million, $923 million and $407 million, respectively, primarily due to market conditions that resulted in changes to generation's net mark-to-market position.
•   during 2017, 2016 and 2015, generation had net collections/(payments) of approximately $28 million, $(66) million and $58 million, respectively, related to purchases and sales of options. the level of option activity in a given year may vary due to several factors, including changes in market conditions as well as changes in hedging strategy.
comed
•   during 2017, 2016, and 2015 comed (posted)/received approximately $(27 million), $7 million, and $(31 million) of cash collateral with/from pjm, respectively. comed's collateral posted with pjm has increased from 2017 to 2016, primarily due to an increase in comed's rpm credit requirements and peak market activity with pjm. the collateral posted with pjm decreased from 2016 to 2015 due to lower pjm billings.
for further discussion regarding changes in non-cash operating activities, please refer to note 24 - supplemental financial information of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
191
cash flows from investing activities cash flows used in investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 by registrant were as follows:
2017                             2016                  2015
exelon             $(7,934   )          $(15,503   )         $(7,822   )
generation (a)      (2,592   )            (3,851   )          (4,069   )
comed               (2,296   )            (2,685   )          (2,362   )
peco                  (597   )              (798   )            (588   )
bge                   (849   )              (910   )            (675   )
pepco                 (630   )              (647   )            (477   )
dpl                   (429   )              (336   )            (345   )
ace                   (310   )              (309   )            (306   )
successor                                                                                  predecessor for the year ended december 31, 2017             march 24, 2016 to december 31, 2016       january 1, 2016 to march 23, 2016             for the year ended december 31, 2015
phi   $(1,396                       )                  $(1,030                     )             $(343                       )                 $(1,161                       )
significant investing cash flow impacts for the registrants for 2017, 2016 and 2015 were as follows:
exelon
•   during 2017, exelon had additional expenditures of $23 million and $178 million relating to the conedison solutions and the acquisitions of the fitzpatrick nuclear generating station, respectively. during 2016, exelon had expenditures of $6.6 billion, $235 million, and $58 million relating to the acquisitions of phi, conedison solutions and the acquisitions of the fitzpatrick nuclear generating station, respectively.
•   during 2017, exelon had proceeds of $219 million from sales of long-lived assets.
•   during 2016, exelon had proceeds of $360 million as a result of early termination of direct financing leases.
generation
•   during 2017, generation had additional expenditures of $23 million and $178 million relating to the conedison solutions and the acquisitions of the fitzpatrick nuclear generating station, respectively. during 2016, generation had expenditures of $235 million, and $58 million relating to the acquisitions of conedison solutions and the acquisitions of the fitzpatrick nuclear generating station, respectively.
•   during 2017, generation had proceeds of $218 million from sales of long-lived assets.
capital expenditure spending generation generation has entered into several agreements to acquire equity interests in privately held development stage entities which develop energy-related technology.  the agreements contain a series of scheduled investment commitments, including in-kind services contributions. there are anticipated expenditures to fund anticipated planned capital and operating needs of the associated companies.
192
capital expenditures by registrant for the year ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 and projected amounts for 2018 are as follows:
projected2018 (a)                2017                2016                2015
exelon(b)           $7,825                  $7,584              $8,553              $7,624
generation           2,100                   2,259               3,078               3,841
comed(c)             2,125                   2,250               2,734               2,398
peco                   800                     732                 686                 601
bge                  1,000                     882                 934                 719
pepco                  725                     628                 586                 544
dpl                    400                     428                 349                 352
ace                    375                     312                 311                 300
successor                                                                                  predecessor projected 2018 (a)         for the year ended december 31, 2017             march 24, 2016 to december 31, 2016       january 1, 2016 to march 23, 2016             for the year ended december 31, 2015
phi(d)   $1,500                     $1,396                                           $1,008                                    $273                                          $1,230
__________
(a)   total projected capital expenditures do not include adjustments for non-cash activity.
(b)   includes corporate operations, bsc and phisco rounded to the nearest $25 million.
(c)   the capital expenditures and 2018 projections include $86 million of expected incremental spending pursuant to eima, comed has committed to invest approximately $2.6 billion over a ten-year period to modernize and storm-harden its distribution system and to implement smart grid technology.
(d)   includes phisco rounded to the nearest $25 million.
projected capital expenditures and other investments are subject to periodic review and revision to reflect changes in economic conditions and other factors.
generation approximately 40% and 10% of the projected 2018 capital expenditures at generation are for the acquisition of nuclear fuel, and the construction of new natural gas plants and solar facilities, respectively, with the remaining amounts reflecting investment in renewable energy and additions and upgrades to existing facilities (including material condition improvements during nuclear refueling outages). generation anticipates that they will fund capital expenditures with internally generated funds and borrowings.
comed, peco, bge, pepco, dpl and ace projected 2018 capital expenditures at the utility registrants are for continuing projects to maintain and improve operations, including enhancing reliability and adding capacity to the transmission and distribution systems such as comed's reliability related investments required under eima, and the utility registrants' construction commitments under pjm's rtep.
the utility registrants as transmission owners are subject to nerc compliance requirements. nerc provides guidance to transmission owners regarding assessments of transmission lines. the results of these assessments could require the utility registrants to incur incremental capital or operating and maintenance expenditures to ensure their transmission lines meet nerc standards. in 2010, nerc provided guidance to transmission owners that recommended the utility registrants perform assessments of their transmission lines. comed, peco and bge submitted their final bi-annual reports to nerc in january 2014. comed, peco and bge will be incurring incremental capital expenditures associated with this guidance following the completion of the assessments. specific projects and
193
expenditures are identified as the assessments are completed. comed's, peco's and bge's forecasted 2018 capital expenditures above reflect capital spending for remediation to be completed through 2019. pepco, dpl and ace have substantially completed their assessments and thus do not expect significant capital expenditures related to this guidance in 2018.
the utility registrants anticipate that they will fund their capital expenditures with a combination of internally generated funds and borrowings and additional capital contributions from parent.
cash flows from financing activities cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 by registrant were as follows:
2017                                    2016                2015
exelon          $717              $1,191              $4,830
generation      (581   )            (734   )            (479   )
comed            789                 169                 467
peco              50                (263   )              83
bge               22                 (21   )            (162   )
pepco            219                   -                 103
dpl               64                  67                  80
ace                5                  22                  51
successor                                                                                  predecessor for the year ended december 31, 2017             march 24, 2016 to december 31, 2016       january 1, 2016 to march 23, 2016             for the year ended december 31, 2015
phi   $306                                             $(7                         )             $372                                          $233
debt see note 13 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further details of the registrants' debt issuances and retirements. debt activity for 2017, 2016 and 2015 by registrant was as follows:
during the year ended december 31, 2017, the following long-term debt was issued:
company            type                                                      interest rate   maturity                    amount   use of proceeds exelon corporate   junior subordinated notes                                 3.50        %   june 1, 2022           $1,150        refinance exelon's junior subordinated notes issued in june 2014.
generation         albany green energy project financing (a)        libor + 1.25%            november 17, 2017         $14        albany green energy biomass generation development.
generation         energy efficiency project financing (a)                   3.90        %   february 1, 2018          $19        funding to install energy conservation measures for the naval station great lakes project.
generation         energy efficiency project financing (a)                   3.72        %   may 1, 2018                $5        funding to install energy conservation measures for the smithsonian zoo project.
194
company      type                                                      interest rate   maturity                   amount   use of proceeds generation   energy efficiency project financing (a)                   2.61        %   september 30, 2018       $13        funding to install energy conservation measures for the pensacola project.
generation   energy efficiency project financing (a)                   3.53        %   april 1, 2019             $8        funding to install energy conservation measures for the state department project.
generation   senior notes                                              2.95        %   january 15, 2020        $250        repay outstanding commercial paper obligations and for general corporate purposes.
generation   senior notes                                              3.40        %   march 15, 2022          $500        repay outstanding commercial paper obligations and for general corporate purposes.
generation   exgen texas power nonrecourse debt (b)(c)        libor + 4.75%            september 18, 2021        $6        general corporate purposes.
generation   exgen renewables iv, nonrecourse debt (b)        libor + 3.00%            november 30, 2024       $850        general corporate purposes.
comed        first mortgage bonds, series 122                          2.95        %   august 15, 2027         $350        refinance maturing mortgage bonds, repay a portion of comed's outstanding commercial paper obligations and for general corporate purposes.
comed        first mortgage bonds, series 123                          3.75        %   august 15, 2047         $650        refinance maturing mortgage bonds, repay a portion of comed's outstanding commercial paper obligations and for general corporate purposes.
peco         first and refunding mortgage bonds                        3.70        %   september 15, 2047      $325        general corporate purposes.
bge          senior notes                                              3.75        %   august 15, 2047         $300        redeem $250 million in principal amount of the 6.20% deferrable interest subordinated debentures due october 15, 2043 issued by bge's affiliate bge capital trust ii, repay commercial paper obligations and for general corporate purposes.
pepco        energy efficiency project financing (a)                   3.30        %   december 15, 2017         $2        funding to install energy conservation measures for the doe germantown project.
pepco        first mortgage bonds                                      4.15        %   march 15, 2043          $200        funding to repay outstanding commercial paper and for general corporate purposes.
__________
(a)   for energy efficiency project financing, the maturity dates represent the expected date of project completion, upon which the respective customer assumes the outstanding debt.
(b)   see note 13 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for discussion of nonrecourse debt.
(c)   as a result of the bankruptcy filing for egtp on november 7, 2017, the nonrecourse debt was deconsolidated from exelon's and generation's consolidated financial statements. refer to note 4 - mergers, acquisitions and dispositions of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
195
during the year ended december 31, 2016, the following long term debt was issued:
company            type                                                           interest rate   maturity                   amount   use of proceeds exelon corporate   senior unsecured notes                                         2.45        %   april 15, 2021          $300        repay commercial paper issued by phi and for general corporate purposes.
exelon corporate   senior unsecured notes                                         3.40        %   april 15, 2026          $750        repay commercial paper issued by phi and for general corporate purposes.
exelon corporate   senior unsecured notes                                         4.45        %   april 15, 2046          $750        repay commercial paper issued by phi and for general corporate purposes.
generation         renewable power generation nonrecourse debt(a)                 4.11        %   march 31, 2035          $150        paydown long-term debt obligations at sacramento pv energy and constellation solar horizons and for general corporate purposes.
generation         albany green energy project financing (b)             libor + 1.25%            november 17, 2017        $98        albany green energy biomass generation development generation         energy efficiency project financing (b)                        3.17        %   december 31, 2017        $16        funding to install energy conservation measures in brooklyn, ny.
generation         energy efficiency project financing (b)                        3.90        %   january 31, 2018         $19        funding to install energy conservation measures for the naval station great lakes project.
generation         energy efficiency project financing (b)                        3.52        %   april 30, 2018           $14        funding to install energy conservation measures for the smithsonian zoo project.
generation         solgen nonrecourse debt (a)                                    3.93        %   september 30, 2036      $150        general corporate purposes.
generation         energy efficiency project financing (b)                        3.46        %   october 1, 2018          $36        funding to install energy conservation measures or the marine corps logistics base project.
generation         energy efficiency project financing (b)                        2.61        %   september 30, 2018        $4        funding to install energy conservation measures for the pensacola project comed              first mortgage bonds, series 120                               2.55        %   june 15, 2026           $500        refinance maturing mortgage bonds, repay a portion of comed's outstanding commercial paper obligations and for general corporate purposes.
comed              first mortgage bonds, series 121                               3.65        %   june 15, 2046           $700        refinance maturing mortgage bonds, repay a portion of comed's outstanding commercial paper obligations and for general corporate purposes.
peco               first mortgage bonds                                           1.70        %   september 15, 2021      $300        refinance maturing mortgage bonds.
bge                notes                                                          2.40        %   august 15, 2026         $350        redeem the $190m of outstanding preference shares and for general corporate purposes.
196
bge     notes                                       3.50   %   august 15, 2046        $500   redeem the $190m of outstanding preference shares and for general corporate purposes.
pepco   energy efficiency project financing(b)      3.30   %   december 15, 2017        $4   funding to install energy conservation measures for the doe germantown project.
dpl     first mortgage bonds                        4.15   %   may 15, 2045           $175   refinance maturing mortgage bonds, repay commercial paper and for general corporate purposes.
__________
(a)   see note 13 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for discussion of nonrecourse debt.
(b)   for energy efficiency project financing, the maturity dates represent the expected date of project completion, upon which the respective customer assumes the outstanding debt.
during the year ended december 31, 2015, the following long term-debt was issued:
company            type                                                  interest rate   maturity                   amount   use of proceeds exelon corporate   senior unsecured notes                                1.55        %   june 9, 2017            $550        finance a portion of the pending merger with phi and related costs and expenses and for general corporate purposes.
exelon corporate   senior unsecured notes                                2.85        %   june 15, 2020           $900        finance a portion of the pending merger with phi and related costs and expenses and for general corporate purposes.
exelon corporate   senior unsecured notes                                3.95        %   june 15, 2025         $1,250        finance a portion of the pending merger with phi and related costs and expenses and for general corporate purposes.
exelon corporate   senior unsecured notes                                4.95        %   june 15, 2035           $500        finance a portion of the pending merger with phi and related costs and expenses and for general corporate purposes.
exelon corporate   senior unsecured notes                                5.10        %   june 15, 2045         $1,000        finance a portion of the pending merger with phi and related costs and expenses and for general corporate purposes.
exelon corporate   long-term software license agreement                  3.95        %   may 1, 2024             $111        procurement of software licenses.
generation         senior unsecured notes                                2.95        %   january 15, 2020        $750        fund the optional redemption of exelon's $550 million, 4.550% senior notes and for general corporate purposes.
generation         avsr doe nonrecourse debt(a)                  2.29 - 2.96%            january 5, 2037          $39        antelope valley solar development.
generation         energy efficiency project financing(b)                3.71        %   july 31, 2017            $42        funding to install energy conservation measures in coleman, florida.
197
generation   energy efficiency project financing(b)                     3.55   %   november 15, 2016        $19   funding to install energy conservation measures in frederick, maryland.
generation   tax exempt pollution control revenue bonds         2.50 - 2.70%       2019 - 2020             $435   general corporate purposes.
generation   albany green energy project financing(b)          libor + 1.25%       november 17, 2017       $100   albany green energy biomass generation development.
generation   nuclear fuel                                               3.15   %   september 30, 2020       $57   procurement of uranium.
purchase contract comed        first mortgage bonds, series 118                           3.70   %   march 1, 2045           $400   refinance maturing mortgage bonds, repay a portion of comed's outstanding commercial paper obligations and for general corporate purposes.
comed        first mortgage bonds, series 119                           4.35   %   november 15, 2045       $450   repay a portion of comed's outstanding commercial paper obligations and for general corporate purposes.
peco         first and refunding mortgage bonds                         3.15   %   october 15, 2025        $350   general corporate purposes pepco        first mortgage bonds                                       4.15   %   march 15, 2043          $200   repay outstanding commercial paper obligations and general corporate purposes dpl          first mortgage bonds                                       4.15   %   may 15, 2045            $200   repay outstanding commercial paper obligations and general corporate purposes ace          first mortgage bonds                                       3.50   %   december 1, 2025        $150   repay outstanding commercial paper obligations and general corporate purposes
__________
(a)   see note 13 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for discussion of nonrecourse debt.
(b)   for energy efficiency project financing, the maturity dates represent the expected date of project completion, upon which the respective customer assumes the outstanding debt.
198
during the year ended december 31, 2017, the following long-term debt was retired and/or redeemed:
company            type                                              interest rate   maturity                   amount exelon corporate   long-term software license agreement                      3.95%   may 1, 2024              $24
exelon corporate   senior notes                                              1.55%   june 9, 2017            $550
generation         senior notes - exelon wind                                2.00%   july 31, 2017             $1
generation         ceu upstream                                      libor + 2.25%   january 14, 2019          $6
nonrecourse debt (a)
generation         solgen nonrecourse debt (a)                               3.93%   september 30, 2036        $2
generation         avsr doe nonrecourse debt (a)                     2.29% - 3.56%   january 5, 2037          $22
generation         kennett square capital lease                              7.83%   september 20, 2020        $2
generation         continental wind nonrecourse debt (a)                     6.00%   february 28, 2033        $31
generation         pes - pgov notes payable                             6.70-7.60%   2017 - 2018               $1
generation         exgen texas power                                 libor + 4.75%   september 18, 2021      $665
nonrecourse debt (a)(b)
generation         renewable power generation nonrecourse debt (a)           4.11%   march 31, 2035           $14
generation         nukem                                             3.25% - 3.35%   june 30, 2018            $23
generation         exgen renewables i, nonrecourse debt              libor + 4.25%   february 6, 2021        $233
generation         senior notes                                              6.20%   october 1, 2017         $700
generation         albany green energy project financing             libor + 1.25%   november 17, 2017       $212
comed              first mortgage bonds                                      6.15%   september 15, 2017      $425
bge                rate stabilization bonds                                  5.82%   april 1, 2017            $41
bge                capital trust preferred securities                        6.20%   october 15, 2043        $258
phi                senior notes                                              6.13%   june 1, 2017             $81
dpl                medium term notes, unsecured                      7.56% - 7.58%   february 1, 2017         $14
dpl                variable rate demand bonds                             variable   october 1, 2017          $26
pepco              third party financing                             6.97% - 7.99%   2018 - 2022               $1
ace                transition bonds                                  5.05% - 5.55%   2020 - 2023              $35
__________
(a)   see note 13 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for discussion of nonrecourse debt.
(b)   as a result of the bankruptcy filing for egtp on november 7, 2017, the nonrecourse debt was deconsolidated from exelon's and generation's consolidated financial statements. refer to note 4 - mergers, acquisitions and dispositions for further discussion.
199
during the year ended december 31, 2016, the following long-term debt was retired and/or redeemed:
company            type                                              interest rate   maturity                   amount exelon corporate   long term software license agreement                      3.95%   may 1, 2024               $8
exelon corporate   senior notes                                              4.95%   june 15, 2035             $1
generation         avsr doe nonrecourse debt (a)                     2.29% - 3.56%   january 5, 2037          $22
generation         kennett square capital lease                              7.83%   september 20, 2020        $4
generation         continental wind nonrecourse debt (a)                     6.00%   february 28, 2033        $29
generation         ceu upstream nonrecourse debt (a)                 libor + 2.25%   january 14, 2019         $46
generation         exgen texas power                                         5.00%   september 18, 2021        $7
nonrecourse debt (a)(b)
generation         sacramento solar nonrecourse debt                 libor + 2.25%   december 31, 2030        $33
generation         clean horizons nonrecourse debt                   libor + 2.25%   september 7, 2030        $32
generation         exgen renewables i, nonrecourse debt              libor + 4.25%   february 6, 2021         $24
generation         pes - pgov notes payable                          6.70% - 7.46%   2017-2018                 $1
generation         nukem                                                     3.35%   june 30, 2018            $12
generation         nukem                                                     3.25%   july 1, 2018             $10
generation         renewable power generation nonrecourse debt (a)           4.11%   march 31, 2035            $9
generation         solgen nonrecourse debt (a)                               3.93%   september 30, 2036        $2
comed              first mortgage bonds, series 104                          5.95%   august 15, 2016         $415
comed              first mortgage bonds, series 111                          1.95%   august 1, 2016          $250
peco               first and refunding mortgage bonds                        1.20%   october 15, 2016        $300
bge                rate stabilization bonds                                  5.72%   april 1, 2016             $1
bge                rate stabilization bonds                                  5.82%   april 1, 2017            $38
bge                notes                                                     5.90%   october 1, 2016         $300
bge                rate stabilization bonds                                  5.82%   april 1, 2017            $40
phi                senior unsecured notes                                    5.90%   december 12, 2016       $190
dpl                first mortgage bonds                                      5.22%   december 30, 2016       $100
ace                transition bonds                                          5.05%   october 20, 2020         $12
ace                transition bonds                                          5.55%   october 20, 2023         $34
ace                first mortgage bonds                                      7.68%   august 23, 2016           $2
__________
(a)   see note 13 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for discussion of nonrecourse debt.
(b)   as a result of the bankruptcy filing for egtp on november 7, 2017, the nonrecourse debt was deconsolidated from exelon's and generation's consolidated financial statements. refer to note 4 - mergers, acquisitions and dispositions for further discussion.
200
during the year ended december 31, 2015, the following long-term debt was retired and/or redeemed:
company            type                                            interest rate   maturity                   amount exelon corporate   senior unsecured notes                                  4.55%   june 15, 2015           $550
exelon corporate   senior notes                                            4.90%   june 15, 2015           $800
exelon corporate   senior unsecured notes                                  3.95%   june 15, 2025           $443
exelon corporate   senior unsecured notes                                  4.95%   june 15, 2035           $167
exelon corporate   senior unsecured notes                                  5.10%   june 15, 2045           $259
exelon corporate   long-term software license agreement                    3.95%   may 1, 2024               $1
generation         senior unsecured notes                                  4.55%   june 15, 2015           $550
generation         ceu upstream nonrecourse debt (a)               libor + 2.25%   january 14, 2019          $9
generation         avsr doe nonrecourse debt (a)                     2.29%-3.56%   january 5, 2037          $23
generation         kennett square capital lease                            7.83%   september 20, 2020        $3
generation         continental wind nonrecourse debt                       6.00%   february 28, 2033        $20
generation         exgen texas power nonrecourse debt (a)(b)       libor + 4.75%   september 8, 2021         $5
generation         exgen renewables i nonrecourse debt             libor + 4.25%   february 6, 2021         $24
generation         constellation solar horizons nonrecourse debt           2.56%   september 7, 2030         $2
generation         sacramento pv energy nonrecourse debt                   2.58%   december 31, 2030         $2
generation         energy efficiency project (b)                           3.55%   november 15, 2016        $19
comed              first mortgage bonds, series 101                        4.70%   april 15, 2015          $260
bge                rate stabilization bonds                                5.72%   april 1, 2016            $75
phi                senior unsecured notes                                  2.70%   october 1, 2015         $250
phi (c)            energy efficiency project financing                     4.68%   february 10, 2015         $7
phi (c)            energy efficiency project financing                     8.87%   june 1, 2021              $5
phi (c)            energy efficiency project financing                     7.61%   august 1, 2015            $1
phi (c)            pes - pgov notes payable                                6.70%   2017-2018                 $1
pepco              energy efficiency project financing                     3.12%   february 20, 2015        $12
dpl                senior unsecured notes                                  5.00%   june 1, 2015            $100
ace                secured medium-term notes series c                      7.68%   august 24, 2015          $15
ace                transition bonds                                        5.05%   october 20, 2020         $12
ace                transition bonds                                        5.55%   october 20, 2023         $32
__________
(a)   see note 13 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for discussion of nonrecourse debt.
(b)   as a result of the bankruptcy filing for egtp on november 7, 2017, the nonrecourse debt was deconsolidated from exelon's and generation's consolidated financial statements. refer to note 4 - mergers, acquisitions and dispositions for further discussion.
(c)   represents pepco energy services energy efficiency project financing. as of the date of the merger, pes financing was included with generation.
201
from time to time and as market conditions warrant, the registrants may engage in long-term debt retirements via tender offers, open market repurchases or other viable options to reduce debt on their respective balance sheets.
dividends cash dividend payments and distributions for the year ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 by registrant were as follows:
2017                                      2016                2015
exelon          $1,236              $1,166              $1,105
generation         659                 922               2,474
comed              422                 369                 299
peco               288                 277                 279
bge(a)             198                 187                 171
pepco              133                 136                 146
dpl                112                  54                  92
ace                 68                  63                  12
successor                                                                                  predecessor for the year ended december 31, 2017             march 24, 2016 to december 31, 2016       january 1, 2016 to march 23, 2016             for the year ended december 31, 2015
phi   $311                                             $273                                      $-                                            $275
__________
(a)   includes dividends paid on bge's preference stock during 2016 and 2015.
quarterly dividends declared by the exelon board of directors during the year ended december 31, 2017 and for the first quarter of 2018 were as follows:
period                  declaration date     shareholder of record date   dividend payable date       cash per share first quarter 2017      january 31, 2017     february 15, 2017            march 10, 2017              $0.3275
second quarter 2017     april 25, 2017       may 15, 2017                 june 9, 2017                $0.3275
third quarter 2017      july 25, 2017        august 15, 2017              september 8, 2017           $0.3275
fourth quarter 2017     september 25, 2017   november 15, 2017            december 8, 2017            $0.3275
first quarter 2018(a)   january 30, 2018     february 15, 2018            march 9, 2018               $0.3450
___________
(a)   exelon's board of directors approved an updated dividend policy providing an increase of 5% each year for the period covering 2018 through 2020, beginning with the march 2018 dividend.
202
short-term borrowings short-term borrowings incurred (repaid) during 2017, 2016 and 2015 by registrant were as follows:
2017                                  2016              2015
exelon         $(261   )         $(353   )           $80
generation      (620   )           620                 -
comed              -              (294   )           (10   )
bge               32              (165   )            90
pepco              3               (41   )           (40   )
dpl              216              (105   )            (1   )
ace              108                (5   )          (122   )
successor                                                                                  predecessor for the year ended december 31, 2017             march 24, 2016 to december 31, 2016       january 1, 2016 to march 23, 2016             for the year ended december 31, 2015
phi   $328                                             $(515                       )             $(121                       )                 $34
retirement of long-term debt to financing affiliates on august 28, 2017, bge redeemed all of the outstanding shares of bge capital trust ii 6.20% preferred securities. see note 13 - debt and credit agreements for further discussion.
contributions from parent/member contributions from parent/member (exelon) during 2017, 2016 and 2015 by registrant were as follows:
2017                                   2016            2015
generation       $102              $142             $47
comed(a)(b)       672               473             209
peco(b)            16                18              16
bge(b)            184                61               7
pepco(c)          161               187             112
dpl(c)              -               152              75
ace(c)              -               139              95
successor                                                                                  predecessor for the year ended december 31, 2017             march 24, 2016 to december 31, 2016       january 1, 2016 to march 23, 2016             for the year ended december 31, 2015
phi(b)   $758                                             $1,251                                    $-                                            $-
__________
(a)   additional contributions from parent or external debt financing may be required as a result of increased capital investment in infrastructure improvements and modernization pursuant to eima, transmission upgrades and expansions and exelon's agreement to indemnify comed for any unfavorable after-tax impacts associated with comed's lke tax matter.
(b)   contribution paid by exelon.
(c)   contribution paid by phi.
203
pursuant to the orders approving the merger, exelon made equity contributions of $73 million, $46 million and $49 million to pepco, dpl and ace, respectively, in the second quarter of 2016 to fund the after-tax amount of the customer bill credit and the customer base rate credit.
redemptions of preference stock. bge had $190 million of cumulative preference stock that was redeemable at its option at any time after october 1, 2015 for the redemption price of $100 per share, plus accrued and unpaid dividends. on july 3, 2016, bge redeemed all 400,000 shares of its outstanding 7.125% cumulative preference stock, 1993 series and all 600,000 shares of its outstanding 6.990% cumulative preference stock, 1995 series for $100 million, plus accrued and unpaid dividends. on september 18, 2016, bge redeemed the remaining 500,000 shares of its outstanding 6.970% cumulative preference stock, 1993 series and the remaining 400,000 shares of its outstanding 6.700% cumulative preference stock, 1993 series for $90 million, plus accrued and unpaid dividends. as of december 31, 2017, bge no longer has any preferred stock outstanding. see note 21 - earnings per share of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further details.
other for the year ended december 31, 2017, other financing activities primarily consists of debt issuance costs. see note 13 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements' for additional information.
credit matters market conditions the registrants fund liquidity needs for capital investment, working capital, energy hedging and other financial commitments through cash flows from continuing operations, public debt offerings, commercial paper markets and large, diversified credit facilities. the credit facilities include $9.5 billion in aggregate total commitments of which $8.3 billion was available as of december 31, 2017, and of which no financial institution has more than 7% of the aggregate commitments for exelon, generation, comed, peco, bge, pepco, dpl and ace. the registrants had access to the commercial paper market during 2017 to fund their short-term liquidity needs, when necessary. the registrants routinely review the sufficiency of their liquidity position, including appropriate sizing of credit facility commitments, by performing various stress test scenarios, such as commodity price movements, increases in margin-related transactions, changes in hedging levels and the impacts of hypothetical credit downgrades. the registrants have continued to closely monitor events in the financial markets and the financial institutions associated with the credit facilities, including monitoring credit ratings and outlooks, credit default swap levels, capital raising and merger activity. see part i. item 1a. risk factors for further information regarding the effects of uncertainty in the capital and credit markets.
the registrants believe their cash flow from operating activities, access to credit markets and their credit facilities provide sufficient liquidity. if generation lost its investment grade credit rating as of december 31, 2017, it would have been required to provide incremental collateral of $1.8 billion to meet collateral obligations for derivatives, non-derivatives, normal purchases and normal sales contracts and applicable payables and receivables, net of the contractual right of offset under master netting agreements, which is well within its current available credit facility capacities of $4.7 billion.
204
the following table presents the incremental collateral that each utility registrant would have been required to provide in the event each utility registrant lost its investment grade credit rating at december 31, 2017 and available credit facility capacity prior to any incremental collateral at december 31, 2017:
pjm credit policy collateral      other incremental collateral required(a)                 available credit facility capacity prior to any incremental collateral comed                     $18                  $-                                                                                               $998
peco                        3                                             34                                                                     599
bge                         3                                             66                                                                     600
pepco                       4                  -                                                                                                 300
dpl                         1                                             11                                                                     300
ace                         -                  -                                                                                                 300
__________
(a)   represents incremental collateral related to natural gas procurement contracts.
exelon credit facilities exelon, comed and bge meet their short-term liquidity requirements primarily through the issuance of commercial paper. generation and peco meet their short-term liquidity requirements primarily through the issuance of commercial paper and borrowings from the intercompany money pool. phi meets its short-term liquidity requirements primarily through the issuance of short-term notes and the exelon intercompany money pool. pepco, dpl and ace meet their short-term liquidity requirements primarily through the issuance of commercial paper and short-term notes. the registrants may use their respective credit facilities for general corporate purposes, including meeting short-term funding requirements and the issuance of letters of credit.
see note 13 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for discussion of the registrants' credit facilities and short term borrowing activity.
other credit matters capital structure. at december 31, 2017, the capital structures of the registrants consisted of the following:
exelon       generation          comed         peco            bge         phi         pepco         dpl         ace long-term debt                        51   %            32   %           44   %        44   %       45   %      39   %       50   %       46   %      49   %
long-term debt to affiliates(a)        1   %             4   %            1   %         3   %        -   %       -   %        -   %        -   %       -   %
common equity                         47   %         -       %           55   %        53   %       54   %       -           49   %       46   %      46   %
member's equity                        -   %            64   %           -    %        -    %        -   %      59   %        -            -           -
commercial paper and notes payable     1   %         -       %           -             -    %        1   %       2   %        1   %        8   %       5   %
__________
(a)   includes approximately $389 million, $205 million and $184 million owed to unconsolidated affiliates of exelon, comed, and peco respectively. these special purpose entities were created for the sole purposes of issuing mandatorily redeemable trust preferred securities of comed and peco. see note 2 - variable interest entities of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the authoritative guidance for vies.
205
security ratings the registrants' access to the capital markets, including the commercial paper market, and their respective financing costs in those markets, may depend on the securities ratings of the entity that is accessing the capital markets.
the registrants' borrowings are not subject to default or prepayment as a result of a downgrading of securities, although such a downgrading of a registrant's securities could increase fees and interest charges under that registrant's credit agreements.
as part of the normal course of business, the registrants enter into contracts that contain express provisions or otherwise permit the registrants and their counterparties to demand adequate assurance of future performance when there are reasonable grounds for doing so. in accordance with the contracts and applicable contracts law, if the registrants are downgraded by a credit rating agency, it is possible that a counterparty would attempt to rely on such a downgrade as a basis for making a demand for adequate assurance of future performance, which could include the posting of collateral. see note 12 - derivative financial instruments of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on collateral provisions.
intercompany money pool to provide an additional short-term borrowing option that will generally be more favorable to the borrowing participants than the cost of external financing, both exelon and phi operate an intercompany money pool. maximum amounts contributed to and borrowed from the money pool by participant and the net contribution or borrowing as of december 31, 2017, are presented in the following tables:
exelon intercompany money pool   for the year ended december 31, 2017                          as of december 31, 2017
contributed (borrowed)           maximumcontributed                 maximumborrowed            contributed (borrowed)
exelon corporate                 $579                               $-                         $217
generation                       20                                 (589            )          (54                 )
peco                             336                                (22             )          -
bsc                              -                                  (423            )          (217                )
phi corporate                    -                                  (47             )          -
pci                              55                                 -                       54
phi intercompany money pool   for the year ended december 31, 2017                       as of december 31, 2017
contributed (borrowed)        maximumcontributed                 maximumborrowed         contributed (borrowed)
phi corporate                 $9                                 $(2             )       $1
pepco                         -                                  -                       -
dpl                           -                                  -                       -
ace                           -                                  -                       -
phisco                        3                                  (9              )       -
investments in nuclear decommissioning trust funds. exelon, generation and ceng maintain trust funds, as required by the nrc, to fund certain costs of decommissioning nuclear plants. the mix of securities in the trust funds is designed to provide returns to be used to fund decommissioning and to offset inflationary increases in decommissioning costs. generation actively monitors the investment performance of the trust funds and periodically reviews asset allocations in accordance with
206
generation's ndt fund investment policy. generation's and ceng's investment policies establish limits on the concentration of holdings in any one company and also in any one industry. see note 15 - asset retirement obligations of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the trust funds, the nrc's minimum funding requirements and related liquidity ramifications.
shelf registration statements. exelon, generation, comed, peco, bge, pepco, dpl and ace have a currently effective combined shelf registration statement unlimited in amount, filed with the sec, that will expire in august 2019. the ability of each registrant to sell securities off the shelf registration statement or to access the private placement markets will depend on a number of factors at the time of the proposed sale, including other required regulatory approvals, as applicable, the current financial condition of the registrant, its securities ratings and market conditions.
regulatory authorizations. comed, peco, bge, pepco, dpl and ace are required to obtain short-term and long-term financing authority from federal and state commissions as follows:
short-term financing authority(a)                                                                      long-term financing authority(a)
commission          expiration date            amount                            commission          expiration date (c)           amount comed(b)            ferc                       december 31, 2019                     $2,500                                icc     2019                                    $1,383
peco                ferc                       december 31, 2019                      1,500                                papuc          december 31, 2018                 1,275
bge                 ferc                       december 31, 2019                        700                                mdpsc          n/a                  700
pepco               ferc                       december 31, 2019                        500                                mdpsc          september 25, 2017                    -
dcpsc               december 31, 2020                               600
dpl                 ferc                       december 31, 2019                        500                                mdpsc          december 31, 2017                     -
dpsc   december 31, 2020                        350
ace                 njbpu                      december 31, 2019                        350                                njbpu          december 31, 2019    350
__________
(a)   generation currently has blanket financing authority it received from ferc in connection with its market-based rate authority.
(b)   comed had $1,140 million available in long-term debt refinancing authority and $243 million available in new money long term debt financing authority from the icc as of december 31, 2017 and has an expiration date of june 1, 2019 and march 1, 2019, respectively.
(c)   pepco and dpl are currently in the process of renewing their long-term financing authority with the mdpsc.
exelon's ability to pay dividends on its common stock depends on the receipt of dividends paid by its operating subsidiaries. the payments of dividends to exelon by its subsidiaries in turn depend on their results of operations and cash flows and other items affecting retained earnings. the federal power act declares it to be unlawful for any officer or director of any public utility "to participate in the making or paying of any dividends of such public utility from any funds properly included in capital account." in addition, under illinois law, comed may not pay any dividend on its stock, unless, among other things, its earnings and earned surplus are sufficient to declare and pay a dividend after provision is made for reasonable and proper reserves, or unless comed has specific authorization from the icc. bge is subject to certain dividend restrictions established by the mdpsc. first, bge was prohibited from paying a dividend on its common shares through the end of 2014. second, bge is prohibited from paying a dividend on its common shares if (a) after the dividend payment, bge's equity ratio would be below 48% as calculated pursuant to the mdpsc's ratemaking precedents or (b) bge's senior unsecured credit rating is rated by two of the three major credit rating agencies below investment grade. finally, bge must notify the mdpsc that it intends to declare a dividend on its common shares at least 30 days before such a dividend is paid. pepco, dpl and ace are subject to certain dividend restrictions established by settlements approved in nj, de, md and the dc. pepco, dpl and ace are prohibited from paying a dividend on their common shares if (a) after the dividend payment, pepco's, dpl's or ace's equity ratio would be below 48% as equity levels are calculated under the ratemaking precedents of the commissions
207
and the board or (b) pepco's, dpl's or ace's senior unsecured credit rating is rated by one of the three major credit rating agencies below investment grade. at december 31, 2017, exelon had retained earnings of $13,503 million, including generation's undistributed earnings of $4,310 million, comed's retained earnings of $1,132 million consisting of retained earnings appropriated for future dividends of $2,771 million partially offset by $1,639 million of unappropriated retained deficit, peco's retained earnings of $1,087 million and bge's retained earnings $1,536 million. at december 31, 2017, pepco had retained earnings of $1,063 million, dpl had retained earnings of $571 million and ace had retained earnings of $131 million. see note 23 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding fund transfer restrictions.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements the following tables summarize the registrants' future estimated cash payments as of december 31, 2017 under existing contractual obligations, including payments due by period. see note 23 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding the registrants' commercial and other commitments, representing commitments potentially triggered by future events.
exelon payment due within total                2018               2019 -               2021 -              due 2023
2020                 2022            and beyond long-term debt(a)                                      $33,994              $2,057              $4,459               $4,574              $22,904
interest payments on long-term debt(b)                  15,999               1,346               2,579                2,231                9,843
capital leases                                              53                  18                  25                    2                    8
operating leases(c)                                      1,512                 188                 276                  261                  787
purchase power obligations(d)                            1,153                 358                 498                  103                  194
fuel purchase agreements(e)                              7,270               1,229               2,241                1,385                2,415
electric supply procurement(e)                           3,417               2,213               1,204                    -                    -
aec purchase commitments(e)                                  3                   1                   2                    -                    -
curtailment services commitments(e)                        119                  52                  54                   13                    -
long-term renewable energy and rec commitments(f)        1,666                 111                 224                  235                1,096
other purchase obligations(g)                            7,765               4,844               1,585                  561                  775
dc plug obligation(h)                                      188                  28                  60                   60                   40
construction commitments(i)                                 57                  56                   1                    -                    -
pjm regional transmission expansion commitments(j)         569                 179                 270                  120                    -
snf obligation(k)                                        1,147                   -                   -                    -                1,147
pension contributions(l)                                 1,393                 301                 493                  386                  213
total contractual obligations                          $76,305             $12,981             $13,971               $9,931              $39,422
__________
(a)   includes $390 million due after 2023 to comed and peco financing trusts.
(b)   interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at december 31, 2017 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances. variable rate interest obligations are estimated based on rates as of december 31, 2017. includes estimated interest payments due to comed, peco, bge, phi, pepco, dpl and ace financing trusts.
208
(c)   excludes generation's contingent operating lease payments associated with contracted generation agreements. these amounts are included within purchase power obligations. includes estimated cash payments for service fees related to peco's meter reading operating lease.
(d)   purchase power obligations include contingent operating lease payments associated with contracted generation agreements. amounts presented represent generation's expected payments under these arrangements at december 31, 2017, including those related to ceng. expected payments include certain fixed capacity charges which may be reduced based on plant availability. expected payments exclude renewable ppa contracts that are contingent in nature. contained within purchase power obligations are net capacity purchases of $106 million, $99 million, $40 million, $31 million, $19 million and $171 million for 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022 and thereafter, respectively.
(e)   represents commitments to purchase nuclear fuel, natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity and services, procure electric renewable energy and recs, procure electric supply, and purchase aecs and curtailment services.
(f)   primarily related to comed 20-year contracts for renewable energy and recs beginning in june 2012. comed is permitted to recover its renewable energy and rec costs from retail customers with no mark-up. the commitments represent the earliest and maximum settlements with suppliers for renewable energy and recs under the existing contract terms. see note 3-regulatory matters of combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(g)   represents the future estimated value at december 31, 2017 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-cancellable, entered into between the registrants and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. these estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
(h)   related to dc plug project costs for assets funded by the district of columbia for which the district of columbia has assessed a charge on pepco. pepco will recover this charge from customers through a volumetric distribution rider. see note 3 - regulatory matters of combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(i)   represents commitments for generation's ongoing investments in new natural gas and biomass generation construction.
(j)   under their operating agreements with pjm, comed, peco, bge, pepco, dpl and ace are committed to the construction of transmission facilities to maintain system reliability. these amounts represent comed, peco, bge, pepco, dpl and ace's expected portion of the costs to pay for the completion of the required construction projects. see note 3 - regulatory matters of combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(k)   see note 23 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further information regarding snf obligations.
(l)   these amounts represent exelon's expected contributions to its qualified pension plans. the projected contributions reflect a funding strategy of contributing the greater of $300 million (which has been updated for the inclusion of phi) until the qualified plans are fully funded on an accumulated benefit obligation basis, and the minimum amounts under erisa to avoid benefit restrictions and at-risk status thereafter. the remaining qualified pension plans' contributions are generally based on the estimated minimum pension contributions required under erisa and the pension protection act of 2006, as well as contributions necessary to avoid benefit restrictions and at-risk status. these amounts represent estimates that are based on assumptions that are subject to change. qualified pension contributions for years after 2023 are not included. see note 16 - retirement benefits of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further information regarding estimated future pension benefit payments.
generation payment due within total                2018               2019 -               2021 -              due 2023
2020                 2022            and beyond long-term debt                              $8,937                $341              $2,747               $1,023               $4,826
interest payments on long-term debt(a)       4,808                 391                 705                  530                3,182
capital leases                                  18                   5                  11                    2                    -
operating leases(b)                            817                  74                  76                   94                  573
purchase power obligations(c)                1,153                 358                 498                  103                  194
fuel purchase agreements(d)                  6,147               1,000               1,909                1,184                2,054
other purchase obligations(e)                1,456                 398                 249                  181                  628
construction commitments(f)                     57                  56                   1                    -                    -
snf obligation(g)                            1,147                   -                   -                    -                1,147
total contractual obligations              $24,540              $2,623              $6,196               $3,117              $12,604
__________
(a)   interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at december 31, 2017 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances. variable rate interest obligations are estimated based on rates as of december 31, 2017.
(b)   excludes generation's contingent operating lease payments associated with contracted generation agreements. these amounts are included within purchase power obligations.
(c)   purchase power obligations include contingent operating lease payments associated with contracted generation agreements. amounts presented represent generation's expected payments under these arrangements at december 31, 2017. expected
209
payments include certain fixed capacity charges which may be reduced based on plant availability. expected payments exclude renewable ppa contracts that are contingent in nature. contained within purchase power obligations are net capacity purchases of $106 million, $99 million, $40 million, $31 million, $19 million and $171 million for 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022 and thereafter, respectively.
(d)   represents commitments to purchase fuel supplies for nuclear and fossil generation, including those related to ceng.
(e)   represents the future estimated value at december 31, 2017 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-cancellable, entered into between the registrants and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. these estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
(f)   represents commitments for generation's ongoing investments in new natural gas generation construction. as of december 31, 2017, the commitments relate to the construction of a new dual fuel, natural peaking facility in massachusetts. achievement of commercial operation related to this project is expected in 2018.
(g)   see note 23 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further information regarding snf obligations.
comed payment due within total                2018               2019 -               2021 -              due 2023
2020                 2022            and beyond long-term debt(a)                                       $7,874                $840                $800                 $350               $5,884
interest payments on long-term debt(b)                   4,937                 269                 517                  469                3,682
capital leases                                               8                   -                   -                    -                    8
operating leases(c)                                         23                   7                  10                    6                    -
electric supply procurement                                741                 476                 265                    -                    -
long-term renewable energy and rec commitments(d)        1,321                  82                 166                  177                  896
other purchase obligations(e)                            1,035                 927                  82                   16                   10
pjm regional transmission expansion commitments(f)         164                  36                 104                   24                    -
total contractual obligations                          $16,103              $2,637              $1,944               $1,042              $10,480
__________
(a)   includes $206 million due after 2023 to a comed financing trust.
(b)   interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at december 31, 2017 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances. variable rate interest obligations are estimated based on rates as of december 31, 2017. includes estimated interest payments due to the comed financing trust.
(c)   amounts related to certain real estate leases and railroad licenses effectively have indefinite payment periods. as a result, comed, has excluded these payments from the remaining years as such amounts would not be meaningful. comed's average annual obligation for these arrangements, included in each of the years 2018-2022, was $2 million.
(d)   primarily related to comed 20-year contracts for renewable energy and recs beginning in june 2012. comed is permitted to recover its renewable energy and rec costs from retail customers with no mark-up. the commitments represent the maximum and earliest settlements with suppliers for renewable energy and recs under the existing contract terms. see note 3-regulatory matters of combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(e)   represents the future estimated value at december 31, 2017 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-cancellable, entered into between the registrants and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. these estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
(f)   under its operating agreement with pjm, comed is committed to the construction of transmission facilities to maintain system reliability. these amounts represent comed's expected portion of the costs to pay for the completion of the required construction projects. see note 3 - regulatory matters of combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
210
in january 2018, comed entered into 10-year zec procurement contracts with generation. the following table summarizes comed's future estimated cash payments under the executed contract. see note 3 - regulatory matters and note 28 - subsequent events of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for more information.
payment due within total           2018                        2019 -             2021 -   due 2023
2020               2022   and beyond zec commitments(a)   $1,589                 $271              $327               $314        $677
__________
(a)   annual zec commitment amounts will be published by the ipa each may prior to the start of the subsequent planning year. amounts presented in the table represent management's estimate of comed's obligation based on forward energy prices and load forecasts. comed is permitted to recover its zec costs from retail customers with no mark-up.
peco payment due within total                2018             2019 -             2021 -      due 2023
2020               2022      and beyond long-term debt(a)                                       $3,109                $500                $-               $650           $1,959
interest payments on long-term debt(b)                   1,916                 105               210                202           1,399
operating leases(c)                                         25                   5                10                 10           -
fuel purchase agreements(d)                                339                 113               151                 35                  40
electric supply procurement(d)                             526                 420               106                  -           -
aec purchase commitments(d)                                  6                   2                 4                  -           -
other purchase obligations(e)                              465                 257               157                 46                   5
pjm regional transmission expansion commitments(f)          53                  16                29                  8           -
total contractual obligations                           $6,439              $1,418              $667               $951           $3,403
__________
(a)   includes $184 million due after 2023 to peco financing trusts.
(b)   interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at december 31, 2017 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances.
(c)   includes estimated cash payments for service fees related to peco's meter reading operating lease. amounts related to certain real estate leases and railroad licenses effectively have indefinite payment periods. as a result, peco has excluded these payments from the remaining years as such amounts would not be meaningful. peco's average annual obligation for these arrangements, included in each of the years 2018-2022, was $5 million.
(d)   represents commitments to purchase natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity and services, procure electric supply, and purchase aecs.
(e)   represents the future estimated value at december 31, 2017 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-cancellable, entered into between the registrants and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. these estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
(f)   under its operating agreement with pjm, peco is committed to the construction of transmission facilities to maintain system reliability. these amounts represent peco's expected portion of the costs to pay for the completion of the required construction projects. see note 3 - regulatory matters of combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
211
bge payment due within total                2018             2019 -             2021 -              due 2023
2020               2022            and beyond long-term debt                                          $2,600                  $-                $-               $550               $2,050
interest payments on long-term debt(a)                   1,689                 101               201                186                1,201
operating leases(b)(c)(d)                                  170                  34                68                 49                   19
fuel purchase agreements(e)                                514                  86               121                106                  201
electric supply procurement(e)                           1,026                 645               381                  -                    -
curtailment services commitments(e)                         50                  22                21                  7                    -
other purchase obligations(f)                              453                 394                50                  4                    5
pjm regional transmission expansion commitments(g)         118                  35                70                 13                    -
total contractual obligations                           $6,620              $1,317              $912               $915               $3,476
__________
(a)   interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at december 31, 2017 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances.
(b)   amounts related to certain real estate leases and railroad licenses effectively have indefinite payment periods. as a result, bge has excluded these payments from the remaining years as such amounts would not be meaningful. bge's average annual obligation for these arrangements, included in each of the years 2018-2022, was $1 million, respectively.
(c)   includes all future lease payments on a 99-year real estate lease that expires in 2106.
(d)   the bge column above includes minimum future lease payments associated with a 6-year lease for the baltimore city conduit system that became effective during the fourth quarter of 2016. bge's total commitments under the lease agreement are $25 million, $26 million, $28 million , $28 million and $14 million related to years 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021and 2022, respectively.
(e)   represents commitments to purchase natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity and services, procure electric supply, and curtailment services.
(f)   represents the future estimated value at december 31, 2017 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-cancellable, entered into between the bge and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. these estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
(g)   under its operating agreement with pjm, bge is committed to the construction of transmission facilities to maintain system reliability. these amounts represent bge's expected portion of the costs to pay for the completion of the required construction projects. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
212
phi payment due within total                2018               2019 -               2021 -              due 2023
2020                 2022            and beyond long-term debt                                          $5,162                $370                 $12                 $551               $4,229
interest payments on long-term debt(a)                   1,328                 231                 461                  433                  203
capital leases                                              27                  13                  14                    -                    -
operating leases                                           415                  56                  86                   79                  194
fuel purchase agreements(b)                                270                  30                  60                   60                  120
long-term renewable energy and rec commitments(b)          345                  29                  58                   58                  200
electric supply procurement(b)                           1,720               1,060                 660                    -                    -
curtailment services commitments(b)                         69                  30                  33                    6                    -
other purchase obligations(c)                            3,434               2,368                 822                  196                   48
dc plug obligation(d)                                      188                  28                  60                   60                   40
pjm regional transmission expansion commitments(e)         234                  92                  67                   75                    -
total contractual obligations                          $13,192              $4,307              $2,333               $1,518               $5,034
__________
(a)   interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at december 31, 2017 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances.
(b)   represents commitments to purchase natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity and services, procure electric renewable energy and recs, procure electric supply, and curtailment services.
(c)   represents the future estimated value at december 31, 2017 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-cancellable, entered into between the registrants and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. these estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
(d)   related to dc plug project costs for assets funded by the district of columbia for which the district of columbia has assessed a charge on pepco. pepco will recover this charge from customers through a volumetric distribution rider. see note 3 - regulatory matters of combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(e)   under its operating agreement with pjm, phi is committed to the construction of transmission facilities to maintain system reliability. these amounts represent phi's expected portion of the costs to pay for the completion of the required construction projects. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
213
pepco payment due within total                2018               2019 -             2021 -              due 2023
2020               2022            and beyond long-term debt                                          $2,543                  $6                  $-               $312               $2,225
interest payments on long-term debt(a)                     755                 129                 259                251                  116
capital leases                                              27                  13                  14                  -                    -
operating leases                                            38                   8                  13                  9                    8
electric supply procurement(b)                             675                 433                 242                  -                    -
curtailment services commitments(b)                         26                  13                  10                  3                    -
other purchase obligations(c)                            1,676                 995                 497                146                   38
dc plug obligation(d)                                      188                  28                  60                 60                   40
pjm regional transmission expansion commitments(e)          86                   5                  38                 43                    -
total contractual obligations                           $6,014              $1,630              $1,133               $824               $2,427
__________
(a)   interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at december 31, 2017 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances.
(b)   represents commitments to purchase procure electric supply and curtailment services.
(c)   represents the future estimated value at december 31, 2017 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-cancellable, entered into between the registrants and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. these estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
(d)   related to dc plug project costs for assets funded by the district of columbia for which the district of columbia has assessed a charge on pepco. pepco will recover this charge from customers through a volumetric distribution rider. see note 3 - regulatory matters of combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(e)   under its operating agreement with pjm, pepco is committed to the construction of transmission facilities to maintain system reliability. these amounts represent pepco's expected portion of the costs to pay for the completion of the required construction projects. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
dpl payment due within total                2018             2019 -             2021 -              due 2023
2020               2022            and beyond long-term debt                                                    $1,309                 $83               $12                 $-               $1,214
interest payments on long-term debt(a)                               288                  49                97                 96                   46
operating leases(b)                                                  121                  20                23                 24                   54
fuel purchase agreements(c)                                          270                  30                60                 60                  120
long-term renewable energy and associated rec commitments(c)         345                  29                58                 58                  200
electric supply procurement(c)                                       504                 312               192                  -                    -
curtailment services commitments(c)                                   36                  14                19                  3                    -
other purchase obligations(d)                                        963                 776               152                 32                    3
pjm regional transmission expansion commitments(e)                    27                  19                 3                  5                    -
total contractual obligations                                     $3,863              $1,332              $616               $278               $1,637
__________
(a)   interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at december 31, 2017 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances.
214
(b)   amounts related to certain real estate leases and railroad licenses effectively have indefinite payment periods. as a result, dpl has excluded these payments from the remaining years as such amounts would not be meaningful. dpl's average annual obligation for these arrangements, included in each of the years 2018-2022, was $2 million.
(c)   represents commitments to purchase natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity and services, procure electric renewable energy and recs, procure electric supply, and curtailment services.
(d)   represents the future estimated value at december 31, 2017 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-cancellable, entered into between the registrants and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. these estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
(e)   under its operating agreement with pjm, dpl is committed to the construction of transmission facilities to maintain system reliability. these amounts represent dpl's expected portion of the costs to pay for the completion of the required construction projects. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
ace payment due within total                2018             2019 -             2021 -             due 2023
2020               2022           and beyond long-term debt                                           $1,127                $281                $-               $239                $607
interest payments on long-term debt (a)                     201                  39                77                 58                  27
operating leases                                             57                   9                16                 13                  19
electric supply procurement (b)                             541                 315               226                  -                   -
curtailment services commitments (b)                          7                   3                 4                  -                   -
other purchase obligations (c)                              581                 439               124                 15                   3
pjm regional transmission expansion commitments (d)         121                  68                26                 27                   -
total contractual obligations                            $2,635              $1,154              $473               $352                $656
__________
(a)   interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at december 31, 2017 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances.
(b)   represents commitments to procure electric supply and curtailment services.
(c)   represents the future estimated value at december 31, 2017 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-cancellable, entered into between the registrants and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. these estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
(d)   under its operating agreement with pjm, ace is committed to the construction of transmission facilities to maintain system reliability. these amounts represent ace's expected portion of the costs to pay for the completion of the required construction projects. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
see note 23 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for discussion of the registrants' other commitments potentially triggered by future events.
for additional information regarding:
•   commercial paper, see note 13 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
•   long-term debt, see note 13 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
•   liabilities related to uncertain tax positions, see note 14 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
•   capital lease obligations, see note 13 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
215
•   operating leases and rate relief commitments, see note 23 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
•   the nuclear decommissioning and snf obligations, see notes 15 - asset retirement obligations and 23 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
•   regulatory commitments, see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
•   variable interest entities, see note 2 - variable interest entities of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
•   nuclear insurance, see note 23 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
•   new accounting pronouncements, see note 1 - significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations generation general generation's integrated business consists of the generation, physical delivery and marketing of power across multiple geographical regions through its customer-facing business, constellation, which sells electricity and natural gas to both wholesale and retail customers. generation also sells renewable energy and other energy-related products and services. generation has six reportable segments consisting of the mid-atlantic, midwest, new england, new york, ercot and other power regions. these segments are discussed in further detail in item 1. business - exelon generation company, llc of this form 10-k.
executive overview a discussion of items pertinent to generation's executive overview is set forth under item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - exelon corporation - executive overview of this form 10-k.
results of operations year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016 and year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015
a discussion of generation's results of operations for 2017 compared to 2016 and 2016 compared to 2015 is set forth under results of operations-generation in exelon corporation - results of operations of this form 10-k.
liquidity and capital resources generation's business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. generation's capital resources are primarily provided by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, external financing, including the issuance of long-term debt, commercial paper, participation in the intercompany money pool or capital contributions from exelon. generation's access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general. if these conditions deteriorate to where generation no longer has access to the capital markets at reasonable terms, generation has access to credit facilities in the aggregate of $5.8 billion that generation currently utilizes to support its commercial paper program and to issue letters of credit.
see exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources and note 13 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for further discussion.
capital resources are used primarily to fund generation's capital requirements, including construction, retirement of debt, the payment of distributions to exelon, contributions to exelon's pension plans and investments in new and existing ventures. future acquisitions could require external financing or borrowings or capital contributions from exelon.
226
cash flows from operating activities a discussion of items pertinent to generation's cash flows from operating activities is set forth under cash flows from operating activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
cash flows from investing activities a discussion of items pertinent to generation's cash flows from investing activities is set forth under cash flows from investing activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
cash flows from financing activities a discussion of items pertinent to generation's cash flows from financing activities is set forth under cash flows from financing activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
credit matters a discussion of credit matters pertinent to generation is set forth under credit matters in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements a discussion of generation's contractual obligations, commercial commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates see all registrants - critical accounting policies and estimates above for a discussion of generation's critical accounting policies and estimates.
new accounting pronouncements see note 1 - significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding new accounting pronouncements.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations comed general comed operates in a single business segment and its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the provision of distribution and transmission services to retail customers in northern illinois, including the city of chicago. this segment is discussed in further detail in item 1. business-comed of this form 10-k.
executive overview a discussion of items pertinent to comed's executive overview is set forth under exelon corporation-executive overview of this form 10-k.
results of operations year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016 and year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015
a discussion of comed's results of operations for 2017 compared to 2016 and for 2016 compared to 2015 is set forth under results of operations-comed in exelon corporation - results of operations of this form 10-k.
liquidity and capital resources comed's business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. comed's capital resources are primarily provided by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, external financing, including the issuance of long-term debt, commercial paper or credit facility borrowings. comed's access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general. at december 31, 2017, comed had access to a revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of $1 billion.
see exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources and note 13 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for further discussion.
capital resources are used primarily to fund comed's capital requirements, including construction, retirement of debt, and contributions to exelon's pension plans. additionally, comed operates in rate-regulated environments in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited and where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time.
cash flows from operating activities a discussion of items pertinent to comed's cash flows from operating activities is set forth under cash flows from operating activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
228
cash flows from investing activities a discussion of items pertinent to comed's cash flows from investing activities is set forth under cash flows from investing activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
cash flows from financing activities a discussion of items pertinent to comed's cash flows from financing activities is set forth under cash flows from financing activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
credit matters a discussion of credit matters pertinent to comed is set forth under credit matters in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements a discussion of comed's contractual obligations, commercial commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates see all registrants - critical accounting policies and estimates above for a discussion of comed's critical accounting policies and estimates.
new accounting pronouncements see note 1 - significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding new accounting pronouncements.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations peco general peco operates in a single business segment and its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the provision of distribution and transmission services in southeastern pennsylvania including the city of philadelphia, and the purchase and regulated retail sale of natural gas and the provision of distribution service in pennsylvania in the counties surrounding the city of philadelphia. this segment is discussed in further detail in item 1. business-peco of this form 10-k.
executive overview a discussion of items pertinent to peco's executive overview is set forth under exelon corporation-executive overview of this form 10-k.
results of operations year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016 and year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015
a discussion of peco's results of operations for 2017 compared to 2016 and for 2016 compared to 2015 is set forth under results of operations-peco in exelon corporation - results of operations of this form 10-k.
liquidity and capital resources peco's business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. peco's capital resources are primarily provided by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, external financing, including the issuance of long-term debt, commercial paper or participation in the intercompany money pool. peco's access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general. if these conditions deteriorate to where peco no longer has access to the capital markets at reasonable terms, peco has access to a revolving credit facility. at december 31, 2017, peco had access to a revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of $600 million.
see exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources and note 13 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for further discussion.
capital resources are used primarily to fund peco's capital requirements, including construction, retirement of debt, the payment of dividends and contributions to exelon's pension plans. additionally, peco operates in a rate-regulated environment in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited and where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time.
cash flows from operating activities a discussion of items pertinent to peco's cash flows from operating activities is set forth under cash flows from operating activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
230
cash flows from investing activities a discussion of items pertinent to peco's cash flows from investing activities is set forth under cash flows from investing activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
cash flows from financing activities a discussion of items pertinent to peco's cash flows from financing activities is set forth under cash flows from financing activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
credit matters a discussion of credit matters pertinent to peco is set forth under credit matters in "exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements a discussion of peco's contractual obligations, commercial commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates see all registrants - critical accounting policies and estimates above for a discussion of peco's critical accounting policies and estimates.
new accounting pronouncements see note 1 - significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding new accounting pronouncements.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations bge general bge operates in a single business segment and its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the provision of distribution and transmission services in central maryland, including the city of baltimore, and the purchase and regulated retail sale of natural gas and the provision of distribution service in central maryland, including the city of baltimore. this segment is discussed in further detail in item 1. business-bge of this form 10-k.
executive overview a discussion of items pertinent to bge's executive overview is set forth under exelon corporation - executive overview of this form 10-k.
results of operations year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016 and year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015
a discussion of bge's results of operations for 2017 compared to 2016 and for 2016 compared to 2015 is set forth under results of operations-bge in exelon corporation - results of operations of this form 10-k.
liquidity and capital resources bge's business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. bge's capital resources are primarily provided by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, external financing, including the issuance of long-term debt or commercial paper. bge's access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general. if these conditions deteriorate to where bge no longer has access to the capital markets at reasonable terms, bge has access to a revolving credit facility. at december 31, 2017, bge had access to a revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of $600 million.
see exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources and note 13 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for further discussion.
capital resources are used primarily to fund bge's capital requirements, including construction, retirement of debt, the payment of dividends and contributions to exelon's pension plans. additionally, bge operates in a rate-regulated environment in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited and where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time.
cash flows from operating activities a discussion of items pertinent to bge's cash flows from operating activities is set forth under cash flows from operating activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
232
cash flows from investing activities a discussion of items pertinent to bge's cash flows from investing activities is set forth under "cash flows from investing activities" in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
cash flows from financing activities a discussion of items pertinent to bge's cash flows from financing activities is set forth under "cash flows from financing activities" in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
credit matters a discussion of credit matters pertinent to bge is set forth under credit matters in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements a discussion of bge's contractual obligations, commercial commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates see all registrants - critical accounting policies and estimates above for a discussion of bge's critical accounting policies and estimates.
new accounting pronouncements see note 1 - significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding new accounting pronouncements.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations phi general phi has three reportable segments pepco, dpl, and ace. its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the provision of distribution and transmission services, and to a lesser extent, the purchase and regulated retail sale and supply of natural gas in delaware. this segment is discussed in further detail in item 1. business - phi of this form 10-k.
executive overview a discussion of items pertinent to phi's executive overview is set forth under exelon corporation - executive overview of this form 10-k.
results of operations successor period year ended december 31, 2017, successor period of march 24, 2016 to december 31, 2016 and predecessor period of january 1, 2016 to march 23, 2016, predecessor period year ended december 31, 2015
a discussion of phi's results of operations for 2017 compared to 2016, march 24, 2016 to december 31, 2016 and january 1, 2016 to march 23, 2016, and the year ended december 31, 2015 is set forth under results of operations-phi in exelon corporation - results of operations of this form 10-k.
liquidity and capital resources phi's business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. phi's capital resources are primarily provided by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, external financing, including the issuance of long-term debt or commercial paper, borrowings from the exelon money pool or capital contributions from exelon. phi's access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general.
see exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources and note 13 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for further discussion.
capital resources are used primarily to fund phi's capital requirements, including construction, retirement of debt, the payment of dividends and contributions to exelon's pension plans. additionally, phi operates in a rate-regulated environment in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited and where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time.
cash flows from operating activities a discussion of items pertinent to phi's cash flows from operating activities is set forth under cash flows from operating activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
234
cash flows from investing activities a discussion of items pertinent to phi's cash flows from investing activities is set forth under "cash flows from investing activities" in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
cash flows from financing activities a discussion of items pertinent to phi's cash flows from financing activities is set forth under "cash flows from financing activities" in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
credit matters a discussion of credit matters pertinent to phi is set forth under credit matters in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements a discussion of phi's contractual obligations, commercial commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates see all registrants - critical accounting policies and estimates above for a discussion of phi's critical accounting policies and estimates.
new accounting pronouncements see note 1 - significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding new accounting pronouncements.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations pepco general pepco operates in a single business segment and its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the provision of distribution and transmission services to retail customers in district of columbia and major portions of prince george's county and montgomery county in maryland. this segment is discussed in further detail in item 1. business - pepco of this form 10-k.
executive overview a discussion of items pertinent to pepco's executive overview is set forth under exelon corporation - executive overview of this form 10-k.
results of operations year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016 and year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015
a discussion of pepco's results of operations for 2017 compared to 2016 and for 2016 compared to 2015 is set forth under results of operations-pepco in exelon corporation - results of operations of this form 10-k.
liquidity and capital resources pepco's business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. pepco's capital resources are primarily provided by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, external financing, including the issuance of long-term debt, commercial paper or credit facility borrowings. pepco's access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general. at december 31, 2017, pepco had access to a revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of $300 million.
see exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources and note 13 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for further discussion.
capital resources are used primarily to fund pepco's capital requirements, including construction, retirement of debt, and contributions to exelon's pension plans. additionally, pepco operates in rate-regulated environments in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited and where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time.
cash flows from operating activities a discussion of items pertinent to pepco's cash flows from operating activities is set forth under cash flows from operating activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
236
cash flows from investing activities a discussion of items pertinent to pepco's cash flows from investing activities is set forth under cash flows from investing activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
cash flows from financing activities a discussion of items pertinent to pepco's cash flows from financing activities is set forth under cash flows from financing activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
credit matters a discussion of credit matters pertinent to pepco is set forth under credit matters in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements a discussion of pepco's contractual obligations, commercial commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates see all registrants - critical accounting policies and estimates above for a discussion of pepco's critical accounting policies and estimates.
new accounting pronouncements see note 1 - significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding new accounting pronouncements.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations dpl general dpl operates in a single business segment and its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the provision of distribution and transmission services in portions of maryland and delaware, and the purchase and regulated retail sale and supply of natural gas in new castle county, delaware. this segment is discussed in further detail in item 1. business - dpl of this form 10-k.
executive overview a discussion of items pertinent to dpl's executive overview is set forth under exelon corporation - executive overview of this form 10-k.
results of operations year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016 and year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015
a discussion of dpl's results of operations for 2017 compared to 2016 and for 2016 compared to 2015 is set forth under results of operations-dpl in exelon corporation - results of operations of this form 10-k.
liquidity and capital resources dpl's business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. dpl's capital resources are primarily provided by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, external financing, including the issuance of long-term debt or commercial paper. dpl's access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general. if these conditions deteriorate to where dpl no longer has access to the capital markets at reasonable terms, dpl has access to a revolving credit facility. at december 31, 2017, dpl had access to a revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of $300 million.
see exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources and note 13 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for further discussion.
capital resources are used primarily to fund dpl's capital requirements, including construction, retirement of debt, the payment of dividends and contributions to exelon's pension plans. additionally, dpl operates in a rate-regulated environment in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited and where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time.
cash flows from operating activities a discussion of items pertinent to dpl's cash flows from operating activities is set forth under cash flows from operating activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
238
cash flows from investing activities a discussion of items pertinent to dpl's cash flows from investing activities is set forth under cash flows from investing activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
cash flows from financing activities a discussion of items pertinent to dpl's cash flows from financing activities is set forth under cash flows from financing activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
credit matters a discussion of credit matters pertinent to dpl is set forth under credit matters in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements a discussion of dpl's contractual obligations, commercial commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates see all registrants - critical accounting policies and estimates above for a discussion of dpl's critical accounting policies and estimates.
new accounting pronouncements see note 1 - significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding new accounting pronouncements.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ace general ace operates in a single business segment and its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the provision of distribution and transmission services to retail customers in portions of southern new jersey. this segment is discussed in further detail in item 1. business - ace of this form 10-k.
executive overview a discussion of items pertinent to ace's executive overview is set forth under exelon corporation - executive overview of this form 10-k.
results of operations year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016 and year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015
a discussion of ace's results of operations for 2017 compared to 2016 and for 2016 compared to 2015 is set forth under results of operations-ace in exelon corporation - results of operations of this form 10-k.
liquidity and capital resources ace's business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. ace's capital resources are primarily provided by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, external financing, including the issuance of long-term debt, commercial paper or credit facility borrowings. ace's access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general. at december 31, 2017, ace had access to a revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of $300 million.
see exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources and note 13 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for further discussion.
capital resources are used primarily to fund ace's capital requirements, including construction, retirement of debt, and contributions to exelon's pension plans. additionally, ace operates in rate-regulated environments in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited and where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time.
cash flows from operating activities a discussion of items pertinent to ace's cash flows from operating activities is set forth under cash flows from operating activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
240
cash flows from investing activities a discussion of items pertinent to ace's cash flows from investing activities is set forth under cash flows from investing activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
cash flows from financing activities a discussion of items pertinent to ace's cash flows from financing activities is set forth under cash flows from financing activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
credit matters a discussion of credit matters pertinent to ace is set forth under credit matters in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements a discussion of ace's contractual obligations, commercial commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates see all registrants - critical accounting policies and estimates above for a discussion of ace's critical accounting policies and estimates.
new accounting pronouncements see note 1 - significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding new accounting pronouncements.
