item 1a. risk factors you should carefully consider the following risks. these risks could materially affect our business, results of operations or financial condition, cause the trading price of our common stock to decline materially or cause our actual results to differ materially from those expected or those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by us. these risks are not exclusive, and additional risks to which we are subject include, but are not limited to, the factors mentioned under "forward-looking statements" and the risks of our businesses described elsewhere in this annual report.
risk factors related to our business and industry demand for the majority of our products is significantly affected by unpredictable power-outage activity that can lead to substantial variations in, and uncertainties regarding, our financial results from period to period.
sales of our products are subject to consumer buying patterns, and demand for the majority of our products is affected by power outage events caused by thunderstorms, hurricanes, ice storms, blackouts and other power grid reliability issues. the impact of these outage events on our sales can vary depending on the location, frequency and severity of the outages. sustained periods without major power disruptions can lead to reduced consumer awareness of the benefits of standby and portable generator products and can result in reduced sales growth rates and excess inventory. there are smaller, more localized power outages that occur frequently that drive a baseline level of demand for back-up power solutions. the lack of major power-outage events and fluctuations to the baseline levels of power-outage activity are part of managing our business, and these fluctuations could have an adverse effect on our net sales and profits. despite their unpredictable nature, we believe power disruptions create awareness and accelerate adoption for our home standby products.
demand for our products is significantly affected by durable goods spending by consumers and businesses, and other macroeconomic conditions.
our business is affected by general economic conditions, and uncertainty or adverse changes such as the prolonged downturn in u.s. residential investment and the impact of more stringent credit standards could lead to a decline in demand for our products and pressure to reduce our prices. our sales of light-commercial and industrial generators are affected by conditions in the non-residential construction sector and by the capital investment trends for small and large businesses and municipalities. if these businesses and municipalities cannot access credit markets or do not utilize discretionary funds to purchase our products as a result of the economy or other factors, our business could suffer and our ability to realize benefits from our strategy of increasing sales in the light-commercial and industrial sectors through, among other things, our focus on innovation and product development, including natural gas engine and modular technology, could be adversely affected. in addition, consumer confidence and home remodeling expenditures have a significant impact on sales of our residential products, and prolonged periods of weakness in consumer durable goods spending could have a material impact on our business. typically, we do not have contracts with our customers which call for committed volume, and we cannot guarantee that our current customers will continue to purchase our products at the same level, if at all. if general economic conditions or consumer confidence were to worsen, or if the non-residential construction sector or rate of capital investments were to decline, our net sales and profits would likely be adversely affected. additionally, timing of capital spending by our national account customers can vary from quarter-to-quarter based on capital availability and internal capital spending budgets.
8
decreases in the availability and quality, or increases in the cost, of raw materials and key components we use could materially reduce our earnings.
the principal raw materials that we use to produce our products are steel, copper and aluminum. we also source a significant number of component parts from third parties that we utilize to manufacture our products. the prices of those raw materials and components are susceptible to significant fluctuations due to trends in supply and demand, transportation costs, government regulations and tariffs, price controls, economic conditions and other unforeseen circumstances beyond our control. we do not have long-term supply contracts in place to ensure the raw materials and components we use are available in necessary amounts or at fixed prices. if we are unable to mitigate raw material or component price increases through product design improvements, price increases to our customers, manufacturing productivity improvements, or hedging transactions, our profitability could be adversely affected. also, our ability to continue to obtain quality materials and components is subject to the continued reliability and viability of our suppliers, including in some cases, suppliers who are the sole source of certain important components. if we are unable to obtain adequate, cost efficient or timely deliveries of required raw materials and components, we may be unable to manufacture sufficient quantities of products on a timely basis. this could cause us to lose sales, incur additional costs, delay new product introductions or suffer harm to our reputation.
the industry in which we compete is highly competitive, and our failure to compete successfully could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
we operate in markets that are highly competitive. some of our competitors have established brands and are larger in size or are divisions of large diversified companies which have substantially greater financial resources than we do. some of our competitors may be willing to reduce prices and accept lower margins in order to compete with us. in addition, we could face new competition from large international or domestic companies with established industrial brands that enter our end markets. demand for our products may also be affected by our ability to respond to changes in design and functionality, to respond to downward pricing pressure, and to provide shorter lead times for our products than our competitors. if we are unable to respond successfully to these competitive pressures, we could lose market share, which could have an adverse impact on our results. for further information, see "item 1-business-competition".
our industry is subject to technological change, and our failure to continue developing new and improved products and to bring these products rapidly to market could have an adverse impact on our business.
new products, or refinements and improvements of existing products, may have technical failures, delayed introductions, higher than expected production costs or may not be well accepted by our customers. if we are not able to anticipate, identify, develop and market high quality products in line with technological advancements that respond to changes in customer preferences, demand for our products could decline and our operating results could be adversely affected.
we rely on independent dealers and distribution partners, and the loss of these dealers and distribution partners, or of any of our sales arrangements with significant private label, national, retail or equipment rental customers, would adversely affect our business.
in addition to our direct sales force and manufacturer sales representatives, we depend on the services of independent distributors and dealers to sell our products and provide service and aftermarket support to our end customers. we also rely upon our distribution channels to drive awareness for our product categories and our brands. in addition, we sell our products to end users through private label arrangements with leading home equipment, electrical equipment and construction machinery companies; arrangements with top retailers and equipment rental companies; and our direct national accounts with telecommunications and industrial customers. our distribution agreements and any contracts we have with large national, retail and other customers are typically not exclusive, and many of the distributors with whom we do business offer competitors' products and services. impairment of our relationships with our distributors, dealers or large customers, loss of a substantial number of these distributors or dealers or of one or more large customers, or an increase in our distributors' or dealers' sales of our competitors' products to our customers or of our large customers' purchases of our competitors' products could materially reduce our sales and profits. also, our ability to successfully realize our growth strategy is dependent in part on our ability to identify, attract and retain new distributors at all layers of our distribution platform, and we cannot be certain that we will be successful in these efforts. for further information, see "item 1-business-distribution channels and customers".
9
our business could be negatively impacted if we fail to adequately protect our intellectual property rights or if third parties claim that we are in violation of their intellectual property rights.
we consider our intellectual property rights to be important assets, and seek to protect them through a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws, as well as licensing and confidentiality agreements. these protections may not be adequate to prevent third parties from using our intellectual property without our authorization, breaching any confidentiality agreements with us, copying or reverse engineering our products, or developing and marketing products that are substantially equivalent to or superior to our own. the unauthorized use of our intellectual property by others could reduce our competitive advantage and harm our business. not only are intellectual property-related proceedings burdensome and costly, but they could span years to resolve and we might not ultimately prevail. we cannot guarantee that any patents, issued or pending, will provide us with any competitive advantage or will not be challenged by third parties. moreover, the expiration of our patents may lead to increased competition with respect to certain products.
in addition, we cannot be certain that we do not or will not infringe third parties' intellectual property rights. any such claim, even if it is without merit, may be expensive and time-consuming to defend, subject us to damages, cause us to cease making, using or selling certain products that incorporate the disputed intellectual property, require us to redesign our products, divert management time and attention, and/or require us to enter into costly royalty or licensing arrangements.
our operations are subject to various environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, and non-compliance with or liabilities under such laws and regulations could result in substantial costs, fines, sanctions and claims.
our operations are subject to a variety of foreign, federal, state and local environmental, health and safety laws and regulations including those governing, among other things, emissions to air; discharges to water; noise; and the generation, handling, storage, transportation, treatment and disposal of waste and other materials. in addition, under federal and state environmental laws, we could be required to investigate, remediate and/or monitor the effects of the release or disposal of materials both at sites associated with past and present operations and at third-party sites where wastes generated by our operations were disposed. this liability may be imposed retroactively and whether or not we caused, or had any knowledge of, the existence of these materials and may result in our paying more than our fair share of the related costs. we could also be subject to a recall action by regulatory authorities. violations of or liabilities under such laws and regulations could result in substantial costs, fines and civil or criminal proceedings or personal injury and workers' compensation claims.
our products are subject to substantial government regulation.
our products are subject to extensive statutory and regulatory requirements governing, among other things, emissions and noise, including standards imposed by the epa, carb and other regulatory agencies around the world. these laws are constantly evolving and many are becoming increasingly stringent. changes in applicable laws or regulations, or in the enforcement thereof, could require us to redesign our products and could adversely affect our business or financial condition in the future. developing and marketing products to meet such new requirements could result in substantial additional costs that may be difficult to recover in some markets. in some cases, we may be required to modify our products or develop new products to comply with new regulations, particularly those relating to air emissions and carbon monoxide. typically, additional costs associated with significant compliance modifications are passed on to the market. while we have been able to meet previous deadlines and requirements, failure to comply with other existing and future regulatory standards could adversely affect our position in the markets we serve.
we may incur costs and liabilities as a result of product liability claims.
we face a risk of exposure to product liability claims in the event that the use of our products is alleged to have resulted in injury or other damage. although we currently maintain product liability insurance coverage, we may not be able to obtain such insurance on acceptable terms in the future, if at all, or obtain insurance that will provide adequate coverage against potential claims. product liability claims can be expensive to defend and can divert the attention of management and other personnel for long periods of time, regardless of the ultimate outcome. a significant unsuccessful product liability defense could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. in addition, we believe our business depends on the strong brand reputation we have developed. if our reputation is damaged, we may face difficulty in maintaining our market share and pricing with respect to some of our products, which could reduce our sales and profitability.
the loss of any key members of our senior management team or key employees could disrupt our operations and harm our business.
our success depends, in part, on the efforts of certain key individuals, including the members of our senior management team, who have significant experience in the power products industry. if, for any reason, our senior executives do not continue to be active in management, or if our key employees leave our company, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. failure to continue to attract these individuals at reasonable compensation levels could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity and results of operations. although we do not anticipate that we will have to replace any of these individuals in the near future, the loss of the services of any of our key employees could disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our business.
10
disruptions caused by labor disputes or organized labor activities could harm our business.
we may from time to time experience union organizing activities in our non-union facilities. disputes with the current labor union or new union organizing activities could lead to work slowdowns or stoppages and make it difficult or impossible for us to meet scheduled delivery times for product shipments to our customers, which could result in loss of business. in addition, union activity could result in higher labor costs, which could harm our financial condition, results of operations and competitive position. a work stoppage or limitations on production at our facilities for any reason could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. in addition, many of our suppliers have unionized work forces. strikes or work stoppages experienced by our customers or suppliers could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
we may experience material disruptions to our manufacturing operations.
while we seek to operate our facilities in compliance with applicable rules and regulations and take measures to minimize the risks of disruption at our facilities, a material disruption at one of our manufacturing facilities could prevent us from meeting customer demand, reduce our sales and/or negatively impact our financial results. any of our manufacturing facilities, or any of our equipment within an otherwise operational facility, could cease operations unexpectedly due to a number of events, including:
●   equipment or information technology infrastructure failure;

●   disruptions in the transportation infrastructure including roads, bridges, railroad tracks and container ports;

●   fires, floods, tornados, earthquakes, or other catastrophes; and

●   other operational problems.

in addition, a significant portion of our manufacturing and production facilities are located in wisconsin within a 100-mile radius of each other. we could experience prolonged periods of reduced production due to unforeseen events occurring in or around our manufacturing facilities in wisconsin. in the event of a business interruption at our facilities, in particular our wisconsin facilities, we may be unable to shift manufacturing capabilities to alternate locations, accept materials from suppliers or meet customer shipment needs, among other severe consequences. such an event could have a material and adverse impact on our financial condition and results of our operations.
a significant portion of our purchased components are sourced in foreign countries, exposing us to additional risks that may not exist in the united states.
we source a significant portion of our purchased components overseas, primarily in asia and europe. our international sourcing subjects us to a number of potential risks in addition to the risks associated with third-party sourcing generally. such risks include:
●   inflation or changes in political and economic conditions;

●   unstable regulatory environments;

●   changes in import and export duties;

●   domestic and foreign customs and tariffs;

●   currency rate fluctuations;

●   trade restrictions;

●   labor unrest;

●   logistical challenges, including extended container port congestion;

●   communications challenges; and

●   other restraints and burdensome taxes.

these factors may have an adverse effect on our ability to efficiently and cost effectively source our purchased components overseas. in particular, if the u.s. dollar were to depreciate significantly against the currencies in which we purchase raw materials from foreign suppliers, our cost of goods sold could increase materially, which would adversely affect our results of operations.
we are vulnerable to supply disruptions from single-sourced suppliers.
we single-source certain types of parts in our product designs. any delay in our suppliers' deliveries may impair our ability to deliver products to our customers. a wide variety of factors could cause such delays including, but not limited to, lack of capacity, economic downturns, availability of credit, weather events or natural disasters.
11
as a u.s. corporation that conducts business in a variety of foreign countries, we are subject to the foreign corrupt practices act and a variety of anti-corruption laws worldwide. a determination that we violated any of these laws may affect our business and operations adversely.
the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act (fcpa) generally prohibits u.s. companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or keeping business. the united kingdom bribery act (ukba) prohibits domestic and foreign bribery of the private sector as well as public officials. any determination that we have violated any anti-corruption laws could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, operating results and cash flows.
our total assets include goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangibles. if we determine these have become impaired, net income could be materially adversely affected.
goodwill represents the excess of cost over the fair market value of net assets acquired in business combinations. indefinite-lived intangibles are comprised of certain tradenames. at december 31, 2017, goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangibles totaled $849.8 million. we review goodwill and other intangibles at least annually for impairment and any excess in carrying value over the estimated fair value is charged to the statement of comprehensive income. future impairment may result from, among other things, deterioration in the performance of an acquired business or product line, adverse market conditions and changes in the competitive landscape, adverse changes in applicable laws or regulations, including changes that restrict the activities of an acquired business or product line, and a variety of other circumstances. a reduction in net income resulting from the write-down or impairment of goodwill or indefinite-lived intangibles could have a material adverse effect on our financial statements.
we are unable to determine the specific impact of changes in selling prices or changes in volumes or mix of our products on our net sales.
because of the wide range of products that we sell, the level of customization for many of our products, the frequent rollout of new products, the different accounting systems utilized, and the fact that we do not apply pricing changes uniformly across our entire portfolio of products, we are unable to determine with specificity the effect of volume or mix changes or changes in selling prices on our net sales.
we may not realize all of the anticipated benefits of our acquisitions or those benefits may take longer to realize than expected. we may also encounter significant unexpected difficulties in integrating acquired businesses.
our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of our acquisitions will depend, to a large extent, on our ability to integrate the acquired businesses with our business. the integration of independent businesses is a complex, costly and time-consuming process. further, integrating and managing businesses with international operations may pose challenges not previously experienced by our management. as a result, we may be required to devote significant management attention and resources to integrating the business practices and operations of any acquired businesses with ours. the integration process may disrupt our business and, if implemented ineffectively, could preclude realization of the full benefits expected by us. our failure to meet the challenges involved in integrating an acquired business into our existing operations or otherwise to realize the anticipated benefits of the transaction could cause an interruption of, or a loss of momentum in, our activities and could adversely affect our results of operations.
in addition, the overall integration of our acquired businesses may result in material unanticipated problems, expenses, liabilities, competitive responses, loss of customer relationships, and diversion of management's attention, and may cause our stock price to decline. the difficulties of combining the operations of acquired businesses with ours include, among others:
●   managing a larger company;

●   maintaining employee morale and retaining key management and other employees;

●   complying with newly applicable foreign regulations;

●   integrating two business cultures, which may prove to be incompatible;

●   the possibility of faulty assumptions underlying expectations regarding the integration process;

●   retaining existing customers and attracting new customers;

●   consolidating corporate and administrative infrastructures and eliminating duplicative operations;

●   the diversion of management's attention from ongoing business concerns and performance shortfalls as a result of the diversion of management's attention to the acquisition;

●   unanticipated issues in integrating information technology, communications and other systems;

●   unanticipated changes in applicable laws and regulations;

●   managing tax costs or inefficiencies associated with integrating the operations of the combined company;

●   unforeseen expenses or delays associated with the acquisition;

●   difficulty comparing financial reports due to differing financial and/or internal reporting systems; and

●   making any necessary modifications to internal financial control standards to comply with the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

12
many of these factors will be outside of our control and any one of them could result in increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues and diversion of management's time and energy, which could materially impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, even if the operations of our acquired businesses are integrated successfully with our operations, we may not realize the full benefits of the transaction, including the synergies, cost savings or sales or growth opportunities that we expect. these benefits may not be achieved within the anticipated time frame, or at all. or, additional unanticipated costs may be incurred in the integration of our businesses. all of these factors could cause dilution to our earnings per share, decrease or delay the expected accretive effect of the acquisition, and cause a decrease in the price of our common stock. as a result, we cannot assure you that the combination of our acquisitions with our business will result in the realization of the full benefits anticipated from the transaction.
we may encounter difficulties in operating or implementing a new enterprise resource planning (erp) system across our subsidiaries, which may adversely affect our operations and financial reporting.
over the past two years, we have implemented a new erp system for a majority of our business as part of our ongoing efforts to improve and strengthen our operational and financial processes and our reporting systems. we expect to implement the new erp system at our other locations in future years. the erp system may not provide the benefits anticipated, could add costs and complications to ongoing operations, and may impact our ability to process transactions efficiently, all of which may have a material adverse effect on the company's business and results of operations.
failures or security breaches of our networks or information technology systems could have an adverse effect on our business.
we rely heavily on information technology (it) both in our products and services for customers and in our it systems. further, we collect and store sensitive information in our data centers and on our networks. government agencies and security experts have warned about growing risks of hackers, cyber-criminals, malicious insiders and other actors targeting confidential information and all types of it systems. these actors may engage in fraudulent activities, theft of confidential or proprietary information and sabotage.
our it systems and our confidential information may be vulnerable to damage or intrusion from a variety of attacks including computer viruses, worms or other malicious software programs. these attacks pose a risk to the security of the products, systems and networks of our customers, suppliers and third-party service providers, as well as to the confidentiality of our information and the integrity and availability of our data. while we attempt to mitigate these risks through controls, due diligence, training, surveillance and other measures, we remain vulnerable to information security threats.
despite the precautions we take, an intrusion or infection of our systems could result in the disruption of our business, or a loss of proprietary or confidential information. similarly, an attack on our it systems could result in theft or disclosure of trade secrets or other intellectual property or a breach of confidential customer or employee information. any such events could have an adverse impact on sales, harm our reputation and cause us to incur legal liability and increased costs to address such events and related security concerns. as the threats evolve and become more potent, we may incur additional costs to secure the products that we sell, as well as our data and infrastructure of networks and devices.
recently enacted u.s. tax legislation, as well as future u.s. tax legislation, may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.
on december 22, 2017, the president signed into law public law no. 115-97, a comprehensive tax reform bill commonly referred to as the tax cuts and jobs act (the "tax act") that makes significant changes to u.s. federal income tax laws. we have performed a preliminary assessment of the impact of the tax act. however, as the tax act is complex and far-reaching, there could be future effects of the tax act that we have not identified and that could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.
13
risks related to our common stock if securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, if they adversely change their recommendations regarding our common stock or if our results of operations do not meet their expectations, our common stock price and trading volume could decline.
the trading market for our common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business. if one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. moreover, if one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade recommendations regarding our stock, or if our results of operations do not meet their expectations, our stock price could decline and such decline could be material.
anti-takeover provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and by-laws could prohibit a change of control that our stockholders may favor and could negatively affect our stock price.
provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and by-laws may make it more difficult and expensive for a third party to acquire control of us even if a change of control would be beneficial to the interests of our stockholders. these provisions could discourage potential takeover attempts and could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. these provisions may also prevent or frustrate attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our management. for example, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and by-laws:
●   permit our board of directors to issue preferred stock with such terms as they determine, without stockholder approval;

●   provide that only one-third of the members of the board of directors are elected at each stockholders meeting and prohibit removal without cause;

●   require advance notice for stockholder proposals and director nominations; and

●   contain limitations on convening stockholder meetings.

these provisions make it more difficult for stockholders or potential acquirers to acquire us without negotiation and could discourage potential takeover attempts and could adversely affect the market price of our common stock.
we do not have plans to pay dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future.
we currently do not have plans to pay dividends in the foreseeable future on our common stock. we intend to use future earnings for the operation and expansion of our business, as well as for repayment of outstanding debt, acquisitions, and for share repurchases. in addition, the terms of our senior secured credit facilities limit our ability to pay dividends on our common stock. as a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock will be the sole source of gain for the foreseeable future. while we may change this policy at some point in the future, we cannot assure that we will make such a change.
risks related to our capital structure we have indebtedness which could adversely affect our cash flow and our ability to remain in compliance with debt covenants and make payments on our indebtedness.
as of december 31, 2017, we had total indebtedness of $928.7 million. our level of indebtedness increases the possibility that we may be unable to generate cash sufficient to pay, when due, the principal of, interest on or other amounts due in respect of our indebtedness. our indebtedness, combined with our other financial obligations and contractual commitments could have other important consequences. for example, it could:
●   make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our indebtedness, which could result in an event of default under the agreements governing our indebtedness;

●   make us more vulnerable to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation;

●   require us to dedicate a portion of our cash flow from operations to interest payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flows to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes;

●   limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; and

●   limit our ability to borrow additional amounts for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our business strategy or other purposes.

14
any of the above-listed factors could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. while we maintain interest rate swaps covering a portion of our outstanding debt, our interest expense could increase if interest rates increase because debt under our credit facilities bears interest at a variable rate once above a certain libor floor. if we do not have sufficient earnings to service our debt, we may be required to refinance all or part of our existing debt, sell assets, borrow more money or sell securities, none of which we can guarantee we will be able to do.
the terms of our credit facilities restrict our current and future operations, particularly our ability to respond to changes in our business or to take certain actions.
our credit facilities contain, and any future indebtedness of ours or our subsidiaries would likely contain, a number of restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us and our subsidiaries, including restrictions on our ability to engage in acts that may be in our best long-term interests. these restrictions include, among other things, our ability to:
●   incur liens;

●   incur or assume additional debt or guarantees or issue preferred stock;

●   pay dividends, or make redemptions and repurchases, with respect to capital stock;

●   prepay, or make redemptions and repurchases of, subordinated debt;

●   make loans and investments;

●   make capital expenditures;

●   engage in mergers, acquisitions, asset sales, sale/leaseback transactions and transactions with affiliates;

●   change the business conducted by us or our subsidiaries; and

●   amend the terms of subordinated debt.

the operating and financial restrictions in our credit facilities and any future financing agreements may adversely affect our ability to finance future operations or capital needs or to engage in other business activities. a breach of any of the restrictive covenants in our credit facilities would result in a default. if any such default occurs, the lenders under our credit facilities may elect to declare all outstanding borrowings, together with accrued interest and other fees, to be immediately due and payable, or enforce their security interest, any of which would result in an event of default. the lenders will also have the right in these circumstances to terminate any commitments they have to provide further borrowings. our existing credit facilities do not contain any financial maintenance covenants.
we may need additional capital to finance our growth strategy or to refinance our existing credit facilities, and we may not be able to obtain it on acceptable terms, or at all, which may limit our ability to grow.
we may require additional financing to expand our business. financing may not be available to us or may be available to us only on terms that are not favorable. the terms of our senior secured credit facilities limit our ability to incur additional debt. in addition, economic conditions, including a downturn in the credit markets, could impact our ability to finance our growth on acceptable terms or at all. if we are unable to raise additional funds or obtain capital on acceptable terms, we may have to delay, modify or abandon some or all of our growth strategies. in the future, if we are unable to refinance our credit facilities on acceptable terms, our liquidity could be adversely affected.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with "item 1 - business," "item 6 - selected financial data" and the consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k. this discussion contains forward-looking statements, based on current expectations and related to future events and our future financial performance, that involve risks and uncertainties. our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under "item 1a - risk factors."
overview we are a leading global designer and manufacturer of a wide range of power generation equipment and other engine powered products serving the residential, light commercial and industrial markets. power generation is our primary focus, which differentiates us from our main competitors that also have broad operations outside of the power equipment market. as the only significant market participant focused predominantly on these products, we have one of the leading market positions in the power equipment market in north america and an expanding presence internationally. we believe we have one of the widest ranges of products in the marketplace, including residential, commercial and industrial standby generators, as well as portable and mobile generators used in a variety of applications. other engine powered products that we design and manufacture include light towers which provide temporary lighting for various end markets; commercial and industrial mobile heaters and pumps used in the oil & gas, construction and other industrial markets; and a broad product line of outdoor power equipment for residential and commercial use.
recent developments on february 13, 2018, we signed a purchase agreement to acquire selmec equipos industriales, s.a. de c.v. (selmec), which is headquartered in mexico city, mexico. selmec, which has approximately 300 employees, is a designer and manufacturer of industrial generators ranging from 10 kw to 2,750 kw. selmec offers a market-leading service platform and specialized engineering capabilities, together with robust integration, project management and remote monitoring services.
23
business drivers and operational factors in operating our business and monitoring its performance, we pay attention to a number of business drivers and trends as well as operational factors. the statements in this section are based on our current expectations.
business drivers and trends our performance is affected by the demand for reliable power generation products, mobile product solutions and other engine powered products by our customer base. this demand is influenced by several important drivers and trends affecting our industry, including the following:
increasing penetration opportunity.    many potential customers are still not aware of the costs and benefits of automatic backup power solutions. we estimate that penetration rates for home standby generators are only approximately 4.0% of u.s. single-family detached, owner-occupied households with a home value of over $100,000, as defined by the u.s. census bureau's 2015 american housing survey for the united states. the decision to purchase backup power for many light-commercial buildings such as convenience stores, restaurants and gas stations is more return-on-investment driven and as a result these applications have relatively lower penetration rates as compared to buildings used in code-driven or mission critical applications such as hospitals, wastewater treatment facilities, 911 call centers, data centers and certain industrial locations. the emergence of lower cost, cleaner burning natural gas fueled generators has helped to increase the penetration of standby generators over the past decade in the light-commercial market. in addition, the installed base of backup power for telecommunications infrastructure is still increasing due to the growing importance for uninterrupted voice and data services. we believe by expanding our distribution network, continuing to develop our product line, and targeting our marketing efforts, we can continue to build awareness and increase penetration for our standby generators for residential, commercial and industrial purposes.
effect of large scale and baseline power disruptions.    power disruptions are an important driver of customer awareness and have historically influenced demand for generators, both in the united states and internationally. increased frequency and duration of major power outage events, that have a broader impact beyond a localized level, increases product awareness and may drive consumers to accelerate their purchase of a standby or portable generator during the immediate and subsequent period, which we believe may last for six to twelve months following a major power outage event for standby generators. for example, the major outage events that occurred during the second half of 2017 drove strong demand for portable and home standby generators, and the increased awareness of these products contributed to strong revenue growth in 2017. major power disruptions are unpredictable by nature and, as a result, our sales levels and profitability may fluctuate from period to period. in addition, there are smaller, more localized power outages that occur frequently across the united states that drive the baseline level of demand for back-up power solutions. the level of baseline power outage activity occurring across the united states can also fluctuate, and may cause our financial results to fluctuate from year to year.
impact of residential investment cycle.    the market for residential generators is also affected by the residential investment cycle and overall consumer confidence and sentiment. when homeowners are confident of their household income, the value of their home and overall net worth, they are more likely to invest in their home. these trends can have an impact on demand for residential generators. trends in the new housing market highlighted by residential housing starts can also impact demand for our residential generators. demand for outdoor power equipment is also impacted by several of these factors, as well as weather precipitation patterns.
impact of business capital investment cycles. the global market for our commercial and industrial products is affected by different capital investment cycles, which can vary across the numerous regions around the world in which we participate. these markets include non-residential building construction, durable goods and infrastructure spending as well as investments in the exploration and production of oil & gas, as businesses or organizations either add new locations or make investments to upgrade existing locations or equipment. these trends can have a material impact on demand for these products. the capital investment cycle may differ for the various commercial and industrial end markets that we serve including light commercial, retail, telecommunications, industrial, data centers, healthcare, construction, oil & gas and municipal infrastructure, among others. the market for these products is also affected by general economic and geopolitical conditions as well as credit availability in the geographic regions that we serve. in addition, we believe demand for our mobile power products will continue to benefit from a secular shift towards renting versus buying this type of equipment. we believe the passage of the tax act in late 2017 could have a favorable impact on future demand within many of the end markets that we serve, as the improved cash flow, liquidity and business sentiment may lead to further investments in equipment, facilities and infrastructure in the united states.
24
factors affecting results of operations we are subject to various factors that can affect our results of operations, which we attempt to mitigate through factors we can control, including continued product development, expanded distribution, pricing, cost control and hedging. certain operational and other factors that affect our business include the following:
effect of commodity, currency and component price fluctuations.    industry-wide price fluctuations of key commodities, such as steel, copper and aluminum, along with other components we use in our products, can have a material impact on our results of operations. also, acquisitions in recent years have further expanded our commercial and operational presence outside of the united states. these acquisitions, along with our existing international presence, exposes us to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates that can have a material impact on our results of operations.
we have historically attempted to mitigate the impact of rising commodity, currency and component prices through improved product design and sourcing, manufacturing efficiencies, price increases and select hedging transactions. our results are also influenced by changes in fuel prices in the form of freight rates, which in some cases are accepted by our customers and in other cases are paid by us.
seasonality.    although there is demand for our products throughout the year, in each of the past five years approximately 20% to 27% of our net sales occurred in the first quarter, 22% to 25% in the second quarter, 24% to 27% in the third quarter and 25% to 29% in the fourth quarter, with different seasonality depending on the occurrence, timing and severity of major power outage activity in each year. major outage activity is unpredictable by nature and, as a result, our sales levels and profitability may fluctuate from period to period. the seasonality experienced during a major power outage, and for the subsequent quarters following the event, will vary relative to other periods where no major outage events occurred. we maintain a flexible production and supply chain infrastructure in order to respond to outage-driven peak demand.
factors influencing interest expense and cash interest expense. interest expense can be impacted by a variety of factors, including market fluctuations in libor, interest rate election periods, interest rate swap agreements, and repayments or borrowings of indebtedness. cash interest expense decreased during 2017 compared to 2016, primarily due to the $25 million voluntary prepayment of term loan debt in november 2016, the may and december 2017 term loan refinancings, the repayment of $100 million of abl facility borrowings, and decreased borrowings at other subsidiaries; partially offset by an increase in the libor rate. refer to note 10, "credit agreements," to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information.
factors influencing provision for income taxes and cash income taxes paid.   on december 22, 2017, the u.s. government enacted the tax act, which significantly changes how the u.s. taxes corporations. the tax act requires complex computations to be performed that were not previously required in u.s. tax law, significant judgments to be made in interpretation of the provisions of the tax act and significant estimates in calculations, and the preparation and analysis of information not previously relevant or regularly produced. the u.s. treasury department, the irs, and other standard-setting bodies could interpret or issue guidance on how provisions of the tax act will be applied or otherwise administered that is different from our interpretation.
as a result of the tax act, we recognized a one-time, non-cash benefit of $28.4 million in the fourth quarter of 2017 primarily from the impact of the revaluation of our net deferred tax liabilities. while the company continues to assess the full impact of the tax act, the preliminary analysis suggests a meaningful benefit from the legislation. specifically for 2018, the combined federal and state effective tax rate is expected to decline to between 25 to 26%, resulting in lower cash income taxes. as we complete our analysis of the tax act, collect and prepare necessary data, and interpret any additional guidance, we may make adjustments to provisional amounts that we have recorded that may materially impact our provision for income taxes in the period in which the adjustments are made. refer to note 13, "income taxes," to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on the tax act and its impact.
further, we had approximately $470 million of tax-deductible goodwill and intangible asset amortization remaining as of december 31, 2017 related to our acquisition by ccmp capital advisors, llc in 2006 that we expect to generate aggregate cash tax savings of approximately $122 million through 2021, assuming continued profitability and a 26% combined federal and state tax rate. the aggregate cash tax savings reflects a decrease of $61 million due to a reduction in the assumed tax rate from 39% to 26% as a result of the tax act. the recognition of the tax benefit associated with these assets for tax purposes is expected to be $122 million annually through 2020 and $102 million in 2021, which generates annual cash tax savings of $32 million through 2020 and $26 million in 2021, assuming profitability and a 26% combined federal and state tax rate. as a result of the asset acquisition of the magnum business in the fourth quarter of 2011, we had approximately $34 million of incremental tax deductible goodwill and intangible assets remaining as of december 31, 2017. we expect these assets to generate aggregate cash tax savings of $9.0 million through 2026 assuming continued profitability and a 26% combined federal and state tax rate. the aggregate cash tax savings reflects a decrease of $4.5 million due to a reduction in the assumed tax rate from 39% to 26% as a result of the tax act. the amortization of these assets for tax purposes is expected to be $3.8 million annually through 2025 and $2.8 million in 2026, which generates an additional annual cash tax savings of $1.0 million through 2025 and $0.7 million in 2026, assuming profitability and a 26% combined federal and state tax rate. based on current business plans, we believe that our cash tax obligations through 2026 will be significantly reduced by these tax attributes. other domestic acquisitions have resulted in additional tax deductible goodwill and intangible assets that will generate tax savings, but are not material to the company's consolidated financial statements.
acquisitions.   over the years, we have executed a number of acquisitions that supported our strategic plan. a summary of the recent acquisitions can be found in note 1, "description of business," to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
25
components of net sales and expenses net sales substantially all of our net sales are generated through the sale of our power generation equipment and other engine powered products to the residential, light commercial and industrial markets. we also sell service parts to our dealer network. net sales, which include shipping and handling charges billed to customers, are generally recognized upon shipment of products to our customers. related freight costs are included in cost of sales.
we are not dependent on any one channel or customer for our net sales, with no single customer representing more than 6% of our sales, and our top ten customers representing less than 22% of our total sales for the year ended december 31, 2017.
costs of goods sold the principal elements of costs of goods sold in our manufacturing operations are component parts, raw materials, factory overhead and labor. component parts and raw materials comprised approximately 77% of costs of goods sold for the year ended december 31, 2017. the principal component parts are engines and alternators. we design and manufacture air-cooled engines for certain of our generators up to 22kw, along with certain liquid-cooled engines. we source engines for certain of our smaller products and all of our diesel products. for certain natural gas engines, we source the base engine block, and then add a significant amount of value engineering, sub-systems and other content to the point that we are recognized as the oem of those engines. we design many of the alternators for our units and either manufacture or source alternators for certain of our units. we also manufacture other generator components where we believe we have a design and cost advantage. we source component parts from an extensive global network of reliable, high quality suppliers. in some cases, these relationships are proprietary.
the principal raw materials used in the manufacturing process that are sourced are steel, copper and aluminum. we are susceptible to fluctuations in the cost of these commodities, impacting our costs of goods sold. we seek to mitigate the impact of commodity prices on our business through a continued focus on global sourcing, product design improvements, manufacturing efficiencies, price increases and select hedging transactions. there is typically a lag between raw material price fluctuations and their effect on our costs of goods sold.
other sources of costs include our manufacturing and warehousing facilities, factory overhead, labor and shipping costs. factory overhead includes utilities, support personnel, depreciation, general supplies, support and maintenance. although we attempt to maintain a flexible manufacturing cost structure, our margins can be impacted when we cannot timely adjust labor and manufacturing costs to match fluctuations in net sales.
operating expenses our operating expenses consist of costs incurred to support our sales, marketing, distribution, service parts, engineering, information systems, human resources, finance, risk management, legal and tax functions, among others. these expenses include personnel costs such as salaries, bonuses, employee benefit costs and taxes, and are classified into three categories: selling and service, research and development, and general and administrative. additionally, the amortization expense related to our finite-lived intangible assets is included within operating expenses.
selling and service.    our selling and service expenses consist primarily of personnel expense, marketing expense, warranty expense and other sales expenses. our personnel expense recorded in selling and services expenses includes the expense of our sales force responsible for our broad customer base and other personnel involved in the marketing, sales and service of our products. warranty expense, which is recorded at the time of sale, is estimated based on historical trends. our marketing expenses include direct mail costs, printed material costs, product display costs, market research expenses, trade show expenses, media advertising, promotional expenses and co-op advertising costs. marketing expenses are generally related to the launch of new product offerings, participation in trade shows and other events, and opportunities to create market awareness for home standby generators in areas impacted by heightened power outage activity.
research and development.    our research and development expenses support numerous projects covering all of our product lines. we operate engineering facilities at many locations globally and employ over 350 personnel with focus on new product development, existing product improvement and cost containment. we are committed to research and development, and rely on a combination of patents and trademarks to establish and protect our proprietary rights. our research and development costs are expensed as incurred.
general and administrative.    our general and administrative expenses include personnel costs for general and administrative employees; accounting, legal and professional services fees; information technology costs; insurance; travel and entertainment expense; and other corporate expenses.
26
amortization of intangibles.    our amortization of intangibles expense includes the straight-line amortization of finite-lived tradenames, customer lists, patents and other intangibles assets.
other (expense) income other (expense) income includes the interest expense on our outstanding borrowings, amortization of debt financing costs and original issue discount, and expenses related to interest rate swap agreements. other (expense) income also includes other financial items such as losses on extinguishment of debt, gains (losses) on change in contractual interest rate, interest income earned on our cash and cash equivalents, and costs related to acquisitions.
results of operations year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016
the following table sets forth our consolidated statement of operations data for the periods indicated:
year ended december 31,

(u.s. dollars in thousands)                           2017                          2016                        $ change                 % change net sales                                                        $1,672,445                    $1,444,453              227,992               15.8   %
cost of goods sold                                                1,090,328                       930,347              159,981               17.2   %
gross profit                                                        582,117                       514,106               68,011               13.2   %
operating expenses:
selling and service                                                 171,755                       164,607                7,148                4.3   %
research and development                                             42,925                        37,229                5,696               15.3   %
general and administrative                                           87,512                        74,700               12,812               17.2   %
amortization of intangible assets                                    28,861                        32,953               (4,092   )          -12.4   %
total operating expenses                                            331,053                       309,489               21,564                7.0   %
income from operations                                              251,064                       204,617               46,447               22.7   %
total other expense, net                                            (46,376     )                 (48,235   )            1,859               -3.9   %
income before provision for income taxes                            204,688                       156,382               48,306               30.9   %
provision for income taxes                                           43,553                        57,570              (14,017   )          -24.3   %
net income                                                          161,135                        98,812               62,323               63.1   %
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                   1,749                            24                1,725                n/a net income attributable to generac holdings inc.                   $159,386                       $98,788               60,598               61.3   %
the following sets forth our reportable segment information for the periods indicated:
net sales

year ended december 31,
(u.s. dollars in thousands)   2017                        2016                    $ change            % change domestic                               $1,296,578                    $1,173,559          123,019          10.5   %
international                             375,867                       270,894          104,973          38.8   %
total net sales                        $1,672,445                    $1,444,453          227,992          15.8   %
adjusted ebitda

year ended december 31,
2017                      2016                  $ change           % change domestic                         $290,720                    $261,428          29,292          11.2   %
international                      27,010                      16,959          10,051          59.3   %
total adjusted ebitda            $317,730                    $278,387          39,343          14.1   %
27
the following table sets forth our product class information for the periods indicated:
year ended december 31,

(u.s. dollars in thousands)            2017                        2016                    $ change            % change residential products                              $870,410                      $772,436           97,974          12.7   %
commercial &amp; industrial products               685,052                       557,532          127,520          22.9   %
other                                              116,983                       114,485            2,498           2.2   %
total net sales                                 $1,672,445                    $1,444,453          227,992          15.8   %
net sales.    the increase in domestic sales for the year ended december 31, 2017 was primarily due to strong growth in shipments of home standby and portable generators driven by increased power outage activity, along with strong growth for mobile products due to recovery in the general rental and oil & gas markets, given the continued replacement cycle by our rental customers.
the increase in international sales for the year ended december 31, 2017 was due to the contribution from the recent acquisitions of pramac and motortech. the growth was also due to increased organic shipments of both c&i and residential products within the european and latin america regions.
the total contribution from non-annualized recent acquisitions for the year ended december 31, 2017 was $69.7 million.
gross profit.    gross profit margin for the year ended december 31, 2017 was 34.8% compared to 35.6% for the year ended december 31, 2016. the prior year included $2.7 million of business optimization and restructuring costs classified within cost of goods sold to address the significant and extended downturn for capital spending within the oil & gas industry, as well as $4.2 million of expense relating to the purchase accounting adjustment for the step-up in value of inventories relating to the pramac acquisition. the current year included $2.0 million of business optimization and non-recurring plant consolidation costs. excluding the impact of these charges, pro-forma gross margins were 34.9% and 36.1% in 2017 and 2016, respectively. the pro-forma decrease in gross margins was primarily due to unfavorable sales mix attributable to higher organic sales within the international segment and of mobile products relative to prior year, which carry lower gross margins relative to the consolidated average. additionally, the mix impact from the pramac and motortech acquisitions, and higher commodity prices negatively impacted gross margin. these impacts were partially offset by improved leverage of fixed manufacturing costs on the higher organic sales volumes and net favorable pricing impacts.
operating expenses.    operating expenses increased $21.6 million, or 7.0%, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2016. the prior year included $4.4 million of business optimization and restructuring costs classified within operating expenses to address the downturn for capital spending within the oil & gas industry. excluding the impact of these charges, operating expenses increased $26.0 million, or 8.5%, as compared to the prior year. the increase was primarily due to the addition of recurring operating expenses associated with the pramac and motortech acquisitions, and an increase in personnel costs including higher incentive compensation accrued during the current year; partially offset by a decline in amortization of intangibles.
other expense.     the decrease in other expense was primarily due to a prior year $3.0 million non-cash loss on change in contractual interest rate not repeating and a prior year $0.6 million loss on extinguishment of debt resulting from a $25.0 million voluntary prepayment of term loan debt. additionally, interest expense decreased in the current year due to that $25.0 million term loan prepayment in november 2016, term loan repricings in may and december 2017, and decreased borrowings at other subsidiaries. these impacts were partially offset by an increase in libor rates and foreign currency transactional losses.
provision for income taxes.    the effective income tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016 were 21.3% and 36.8%, respectively. the decrease in the effective income tax rate is primarily due to the provisional favorable effect of the tax act, including a one-time, non-cash benefit of $28.4 million recorded in the fourth quarter of 2017, as well as excess tax benefits from share-based compensation. refer to note 13, "income taxes," to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on the tax act and its impact.
net income attributable to generac holdings inc.    the increase in net income attributable to generac holdings inc. was primarily due to the factors outlined above partially offset by an increase in net income attributable to noncontrolling interests.
adjusted ebitda.    adjusted ebitda margins for the domestic segment for the year ended december 31, 2017 were 22.4% of net sales as compared to 22.3% of net sales for the year ended december 31, 2016. this increase was primarily due to improved overall leverage of fixed operating expenses on the organic increase in sales, and the net favorable impact of pricing. these impacts were partially offset by higher commodity prices and an increase in personnel costs including higher incentive compensation accrued during the current year.
28
adjusted ebitda margins for the international segment for the year ended december 31, 2017 were 7.2% of net sales as compared to 6.3% of net sales for the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase was primarily due improved overall leverage of fixed manufacturing and operating expenses on the organic increase in sales, the addition of the motortech acquisition and cost reduction actions. these impacts were partially offset by higher commodity prices and increased operating expenses associated with the expansion of certain branch operations.
adjusted net income.    adjusted net income of $212.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2017 increased 7.4% from $198.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, due to the factors outlined above, partially offset by an increase in cash income tax expense.
year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015
the following table sets forth our consolidated statement of operations data for the periods indicated:
year ended december 31,

(u.s. dollars in thousands)                           2016                        2015                        $ change                  % change net sales                                                      $1,444,453                    $1,317,299              127,154                 9.7   %
cost of goods sold                                                930,347                       857,349               72,998                 8.5   %
gross profit                                                      514,106                       459,950               54,156                11.8   %
operating expenses:
selling and service                                               164,607                       130,242               34,365                26.4   %
research and development                                           37,229                        32,922                4,307                13.1   %
general and administrative                                         74,700                        52,947               21,753                41.1   %
amortization of intangible assets                                  32,953                        23,591                9,362                39.7   %
tradename and goodwill impairment                                       -                        40,687              (40,687   )          -100.0   %
total operating expenses                                          309,489                       280,389               29,100                10.4   %
income from operations                                            204,617                       179,561               25,056                14.0   %
total other expense, net                                          (48,235     )                 (56,578   )            8,343               -14.7   %
income before provision for income taxes                          156,382                       122,983               33,399                27.2   %
provision for income taxes                                         57,570                        45,236               12,334                27.3   %
net income                                                         98,812                        77,747               21,065                27.1   %
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                    24                             -       24                             n/a net income attributable to generac holdings inc.                  $98,788                       $77,747               21,041                27.1   %
the following table sets forth our reportable segment information for the periods indicated:
net sales

year ended december 31,
(u.s. dollars in thousands)   2016                        2015                    $ change                % change domestic                               $1,173,559                    $1,204,589          (31,030   )          -2.6   %
international                             270,894                       112,710          158,184             140.3   %
total net sales                        $1,444,453                    $1,317,299          127,154               9.7   %
adjusted ebitda

year ended december 31,
2016                      2015                  $ change          % change domestic                         $261,428                    $254,882          6,546           2.6   %
international                      16,959                      15,934          1,025           6.4   %
total adjusted ebitda            $278,387                    $270,816          7,571           2.8   %
the following table sets forth our product class information for the periods indicated:
year ended december 31,

(u.s. dollars in thousands)            2016                        2015                    $ change            % change residential products                              $772,436                      $673,764           98,672          14.6   %
commercial &amp; industrial products               557,532                       548,440            9,092           1.7   %
other                                              114,485                        95,095           19,390          20.4   %
total net sales                                 $1,444,453                    $1,317,299          127,154           9.7   %
net sales.   the decrease in domestic sales for the year ended december 31, 2016 was primarily due to significant declines in shipments of mobile products into oil & gas and general rental markets. partially offsetting this was the contribution from the chp acquisition, along with increased shipments of portable and home standby generators.
29
the increase in international sales for the year ended december 31, 2016 was due to the contribution from the pramac acquisition. partially offsetting this impact were declines in organic shipments of mobile products into the european region.
the total contribution from non-annualized recent acquisitions for the year ended december 31, 2016 was $236.6 million.
net income attributable to generac holdings inc.    net income attributable to generac holdings inc. for the year ended december 31, 2016 includes the impact of $7.1 million of non-recurring, pre-tax charges relating to business optimization and restructuring costs to address the impact of the significant and extended downturn for capital spending within the oil & gas industry. the cost-reduction actions taken include the consolidation of production facilities, headcount reductions, certain non-cash asset write-downs and other non-recurring product-related charges. the charges consist of $2.7 million classified within cost of goods sold and $4.4 million classified within operating expenses. the increase in net income attributable to generac holdings inc. was primarily due to a 2015 $40.7 million pre-tax, non-cash charge for the impairment of certain intangible assets, partially offset by the business optimization charge discussed above and the other factors outlined in this section.
gross profit.    gross profit margin for the year ended december 31, 2016 was 35.6% compared to 34.9% for the year ended december 31, 2015, which includes the impact of the aforementioned $2.7 million of business optimization charges classified within cost of goods sold, as well as $4.2 million of expense relating to the purchase accounting adjustment for the step-up in value of inventories relating to the pramac acquisition. excluding the impact of these adjustments, pro-forma gross profit margin was 36.1%, an improvement of 120 basis points over the year ended december 31, 2015. the pro-forma increase was primarily due to the favorable impacts from lower commodity costs and overseas sourcing benefits from a stronger u.s. dollar, along with an overall favorable organic product mix. in addition, gross margin in 2015 was negatively impacted by temporary increases in certain costs associated with the west coast port congestion as well as other overhead-related costs that did not repeat in the current year. these factors were partially offset by the mix impact from the pramac acquisition.
operating expenses.    excluding the impact of the aforementioned $4.4 million of business optimization charges and 2015 $40.7 million of intangible impairment charges classified within operating expenses, operating expenses increased $65.4 million, or 27.3%, to $305.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 from $239.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. the increase was primarily due to the addition of recurring operating expenses associated with recent acquisitions and increased amortization expense.
other expense.   other expense in 2015 included a non-cash $4.8 million loss on extinguishment of debt resulting from $150.0 million of voluntary prepayments of term loan debt, and a $2.4 million non-cash loss resulting from an increase in our term loan interest rate spread of 25 basis points. in 2016, other expense included a $3.0 million non-cash loss resulting from a continuation of the 25 basis point spread increase, and a $0.6 million loss on extinguishment of debt resulting from a $25.0 million voluntary prepayment of term loan debt.
provision for ncome taxes.    the effective income tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015 were both 36.8%.
adjusted ebitda.    adjusted ebitda margins for the domestic segment for the year ended december 31, 2016 were 22.3% of net sales as compared to 21.2% of net sales for the year ended december 31, 2015. this increase was primarily due to overall favorable product mix; lower commodity costs and overseas sourcing benefits from a stronger u.s. dollar; and the benefit of cost-reduction actions within domestic mobile products, partially offset by increased promotional activities.
adjusted ebitda margins for the international segment for the year ended december 31, 2016 were 6.3% of net sales as compared to 14.1% of net sales for the year ended december 31, 2015. this decrease was primarily due to a large decline in mobile products margins given the reduced operating leverage on lower organic sales volume, unfavorable sales mix, foreign currency impacts with the weakness in the british pound, and, to a lesser extent, the pramac acquisition sales mix.
adjusted net income.    adjusted net income of $198.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 decreased 0.1% from $198.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. the increased earnings outlined above were offset by an increase in cash income tax expense and adjusted net income attributable to noncontrolling interests.
liquidity and financial position our primary cash requirements include payment for our raw material and component supplies, salaries & benefits, facility and lease costs, operating expenses, interest and principal payments on our debt and capital expenditures. we finance our operations primarily through cash flow generated from operations and, if necessary, borrowings under our amended abl facility.
30
our credit agreements originally provided for a $1.2 billion term loan b credit facility (term loan) and include a $300.0 million uncommitted incremental term loan facility. the term loan matures on may 31, 2023. the term loan currently bears interest at rates based upon either a base rate plus an applicable margin of 1.00% or adjusted libor rate plus an applicable margin of 2.00%, subject to a libor floor of 0.75%. as of december 31, 2017, the company is in compliance with all covenants of the term loan. there are no financial maintenance covenants on the term loan.
our credit agreements also provide for the $250.0 million amended abl facility. the maturity date of the amended abl facility is may 29, 2020. as of december 31, 2017, there was $249.7 million of availability under the amended abl facility, net of outstanding letters of credit. the company is in compliance with all covenants of the amended abl facility.
in august 2015, our board of directors approved a $200.0 million stock repurchase program, which we completed in the third quarter of 2016. in october 2016, our board of directors approved another stock repurchase program, under which we may repurchase an additional $250.0 million of common stock over 24 months from time to time; in amounts and at prices we deem appropriate, subject to market conditions and other considerations. during the year ended december 31, 2017, we repurchased 844,500 shares of our common stock for $30.0 million; during the year ended december 31, 2016, we repurchased 3,968,706 shares of our common stock for $149.9 million; and during the year ended december 31, 2015, we repurchased 3,303,500 shares of our common stock for $99.9 million, all funded with cash on hand.
refer to note 10, "credit agreements," to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information.
long-term liquidity we believe that our cash flow from operations and availability under our amended abl facility, combined with relatively low ongoing capital expenditure requirements and favorable tax attributes (which result in a lower cash tax rate as compared to the u.s. statutory tax rate) provide us with sufficient capital to continue to grow our business in the future. we will use a portion of our cash flow to pay interest and principal on our outstanding debt as well as repurchase shares of our common stock, impacting the amount available for working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes. as we continue to expand our business, we may require additional capital to fund working capital, capital expenditures or acquisitions.
cash flow year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016
the following table summarizes our cash flows by category for the periods presented:
year ended december 31,

(u.s. dollars in thousands)                 2017                        2016                        change         % change net cash provided by operating activities              $261,116                      $253,409       $7,707         3.0            %
net cash used in investing activities                   (31,922   )                  (105,822   )         73,900          -69.8   %
net cash used in financing activities                  (160,143   )                  (195,705   )         35,562          -18.2   %
the 3.0% increase in net cash provided by operating activities was primarily driven by an overall increase in operating earnings, partially offset by a lesser benefit from working capital reductions during the current year, which was primarily due to replenishing inventory levels in the first quarter of 2017 following hurricane matthew, and ramping up production in the second half of 2017 in response to hurricanes harvey, irma and maria.
net cash used in investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2017 primarily consisted of cash payments for the purchase of property and equipment. net cash used in investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2016 primarily represents cash payments of $76.7 million related to the acquisition of businesses and $30.5 million for the purchase of property and equipment.
net cash used in financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2017 primarily consisted of $232.4 million of debt repayments ($117.5 million of long-term borrowings and $114.9 million of short-term borrowings), $30.0 million for the repurchase of the company's common stock, $5.9 million of taxes paid related to equity awards and $3.9 million of payments for debt issuance costs. these payments were partially offset by $105.1 million cash proceeds from borrowings ($102.0 million for short-term borrowings and $3.1 million for long-term borrowings) and $7.0 million of proceeds from the exercise of stock options.
net cash used in financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2016 primarily consisted of $149.9 million for the repurchase of the company's common stock, $65.4 million of debt repayments ($37.6 million of long-term borrowings and $27.8 million of short-term borrowings) and $12.4 million of taxes paid related to equity awards. these payments were partially offset by $28.7 million cash proceeds from short-term borrowings and $7.9 million of excess tax benefits from equity awards.
31
year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015
the following table summarizes our cash flows by category for the periods presented:
year ended december 31,

(u.s. dollars in thousands)                 2016                        2015                        change                 % change net cash provided by operating activities              $253,409                      $188,619       $64,790                    34.3   %
net cash used in investing activities                  (105,822   )                  (104,328   )          (1,494   )           1.4   %
net cash used in financing activities                  (195,705   )                  (154,483   )         (41,222   )          26.7   %
the 34.3% increase in net cash provided by operating activities was primarily driven by a reduction in working capital investment during 2016 as compared to the larger investment that was incurred in 2015, and an overall increase in operating earnings.
net cash used in investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2016 primarily consisted of cash payments of $76.7 million related to the acquisitions of businesses and $30.5 million for the purchase of property and equipment. net cash used in investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2015 primarily represents cash payments of $74.6 million related to the acquisition of chp and $30.7 million for the purchase of property and equipment.
net cash used in financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2016 primarily consisted of $149.9 million for the repurchase of the company's common stock, $65.4 million of debt repayments ($37.6 million of long-term borrowings and $27.8 million of short-term borrowings) and $12.4 million of taxes paid related to equity awards. these payments were partially offset by $28.7 million cash proceeds from short-term borrowings and $7.9 million of excess tax benefits from equity awards.
net cash used in financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2015 primarily consisted of $174.0 million of debt repayments ($150.8 million of long-term borrowings and $23.2 million of short-term borrowings), partially offset by $126.4 million cash proceeds from borrowings ($100.0 million from long-term borrowings under the amended abl facility and $26.4 million from short-term borrowings). in addition, the company paid $99.9 million for the repurchase of its common stock and $13.0 million of taxes related to equity awards, which was partially offset by $9.6 million of excess tax benefits from equity awards.
senior secured credit facilities refer to note 10, "credit agreements," to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 and the "liquidity and financial position" section included in item 7 of this annual report on form 10-k for information on the senior secured credit facilities.
covenant compliance the term loan contains restrictions on the company's ability to pay distributions and dividends. payments can be made to the company or other parent companies for certain expenses such as operating expenses in the ordinary course, fees and expenses related to any debt or equity offering and to pay franchise or similar taxes. dividends can be used to repurchase equity interests, subject to limitations in certain circumstances. additionally, the term loan restricts the aggregate amount of dividends and distributions that can be paid and, in certain circumstances, requires pro forma compliance with certain fixed charge coverage ratios or gross leverage ratios, as applicable, in order to pay certain dividends and distributions. the term loan also contains other affirmative and negative covenants that, among other things, limit the incurrence of additional indebtedness, liens on property, sale and leaseback transactions, investments, loans and advances, mergers or consolidations, asset sales, acquisitions, transactions with affiliates, prepayments of certain other indebtedness and modifications of our organizational documents. the term loan does not contain any financial maintenance covenants.
the term loan contains customary events of default, including, among others, nonpayment of principal, interest or other amounts, failure to perform covenants, inaccuracy of representations or warranties in any material respect, cross-defaults with other material indebtedness, certain undischarged judgments, the occurrence of certain erisa, bankruptcy or insolvency events, or the occurrence of a change in control (as defined in the term loan). a bankruptcy or insolvency event of default will cause the obligations under the term loan to automatically become immediately due and payable.
the amended abl facility also contains covenants and events of default substantially similar to those in the term loan, as described above.
32
contractual obligations the following table summarizes our expected payments for significant contractual obligations as of december 31, 2017, using the interest rates in effect as of that date:
(u.s. dollars in thousands)                     total          less than 1 year     2 - 3 years      4 - 5 years      after 5 years

long-term debt, including curent portion (1)                  $930,367                  $936             $431               $-          $929,000
capital lease obligations, including current portion             4,690                   636            1,246            1,755             1,053
interest on long-term debt                                     186,357                34,455           68,925           68,750            14,227
operating leases                                                43,924                 9,497           15,282           13,280             5,865
total contractual cash obligations (2)                      $1,165,338               $45,524          $85,884          $83,785          $950,145
(1) the term loan originally provided for a $1.2 billion term loan b credit facility and includes a $300.0 million uncommitted incremental term loan facility. the term loan matures on may 31, 2023. the amended abl facility provides for a $250.0 million senior secured abl revolving credit facility, which matures on may 29, 2020. there was no outstanding balance on the amended abl facility as of december 31, 2017.
(2) pension obligations are excluded from this table as we are unable to estimate the timing of payment due to the inherent assumptions underlying the obligation. however, at a minimum, the company estimates we will contribute $0.3 million to our pension plans in 2018.
capital expenditures our operations require capital expenditures for technology, tooling, equipment, capacity expansion, systems and upgrades. capital expenditures were $33.3 million, $30.5 million and $30.7 million for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and were funded through cash from operations.
off-balance sheet arrangements we have an arrangement with a finance company to provide floor plan financing for selected dealers. this arrangement provides liquidity for our dealers by financing dealer purchases of products with credit availability from the finance company. we receive payment from the finance company after shipment of product to the dealer and our dealers are given a longer period of time to pay the finance provider. if our dealers do not pay the finance company, we may be required to repurchase the applicable inventory held by the dealer. we do not indemnify the finance company for any credit losses they may incur.
total inventory financed under this arrangement accounted for approximately 9% and 8% of net sales for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the amount financed by dealers which remained outstanding was $36.5 million and $33.9 million as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
critical accounting policies in preparing the financial statements in accordance with u.s. gaap, management is required to make estimates and assumptions that have an impact on the asset, liability, revenue and expense amounts reported. these estimates can also affect supplemental information disclosures of the company, including information about contingencies, risk and financial condition. the company believes, given current facts and circumstances, that its estimates and assumptions are reasonable, adhere to u.s. gaap, and are consistently applied. inherent in the nature of an estimate or assumption is the fact that actual results may differ from estimates and estimates may vary as new facts and circumstances arise. the company makes routine estimates and judgments in determining net realizable value of accounts receivable, inventories, property and equipment, prepaid expenses, product warranties and other reserves. management believes the company's most critical accounting estimates and assumptions are in the following areas: goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment assessment; business combinations and purchase accounting; defined benefit pension obligations and income taxes.
goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets refer to note 2, "significant accounting policies - goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets," to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on the company's policy regarding the accounting for goodwill and other intangible assets.
the company performed the required annual impairment tests for goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets for the fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015, and found no impairment following the 2017 and 2016 tests. there were no reporting units with a carrying value at-risk of exceeding fair value as of the october 31, 2017 impairment test date.
33
after performing the impairment tests for fiscal year 2015, the company determined that the fair value of the ottomotores reporting unit was less than its carrying value, resulting in a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of $4.6 million in the fourth quarter of 2015. the fair value was determined using a discounted cash flow analysis, which utilizes key estimates and assumptions as discussed below. additionally, in the fourth quarter of 2015, the company's board of directors approved a plan to strategically transition and consolidate certain of the company's brands acquired through acquisitions to the generac® tradename. this brand strategy change resulted in a reclassification to a two year remaining useful life for the impacted tradenames, causing the fair value to be less than the carrying value using the relief-from-royalty approach in a discounted cash flow analysis. as such, a $36.1 million non-cash impairment charge was recorded in the fourth quarter of 2015 to write-down the impacted tradenames to net realizable value. see note 2, "significant accounting policies - goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets," to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on the impairment charges recorded in 2015.
when preparing a discounted cash flow analysis for purposes of our annual impairment test, we make a number of key estimates and assumptions. we estimate the future cash flows of the business based on historical and forecasted revenues and operating costs. this, in turn, involves further estimates, such as estimates of future growth rates and inflation rates. in addition, we apply a discount rate to the estimated future cash flows for the purpose of the valuation. this discount rate is based on the estimated weighted average cost of capital for the business and may change from year to year. weighted average cost of capital includes certain assumptions such as market capital structures, market betas, risk-free rate of return and estimated costs of borrowing.
as noted above, a considerable amount of management judgment and assumptions are required in performing the goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment tests. while we believe our judgments and assumptions are reasonable, different assumptions could change the estimated fair values. a number of factors, many of which we have no ability to control, could cause actual results to differ from the estimates and assumptions we employed. these factors include:
●   a prolonged global or regional economic downturn;

●   a significant decrease in the demand for our products;

●   the inability to develop new and enhanced products and services in a timely manner;

●   a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate;

●   an adverse action or assessment by a regulator;

●   successful efforts by our competitors to gain market share in our markets;

●   disruptions to the company's business;

●   inability to effectively integrate acquired businesses;

●   unexpected or planned changes in the use of assets or entity structure; and

●   business divestitures.

if management's estimates of future operating results change or if there are changes to other assumptions due to these factors, the estimate of the fair values may change significantly. such change could result in impairment charges in future periods, which could have a significant impact on our operating results and financial condition.
business combinations and purchase accounting we account for business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting, and accordingly, the assets and liabilities of the acquired business are recorded at their respective fair values. the excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair value of assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. assigning fair market values to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of an acquisition requires knowledge of current market values, the values of assets in use, and often requires the application of judgment regarding estimates and assumptions. while the ultimate responsibility resides with management, for material acquisitions we retain the services of certified valuation specialists to assist with assigning estimated values to certain acquired assets and assumed liabilities, including intangible assets and tangible long-lived assets. acquired intangible assets, excluding goodwill, are valued using certain discounted cash flow methodologies based on future cash flows specific to the type of intangible asset purchased. this methodology incorporates various estimates and assumptions, the most significant being projected revenue growth rates, earnings margins, and forecasted cash flows based on the discount rate and terminal growth rate. refer to note 1, "description of business," to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on the company's business acquisitions.
34
defined benefit pension obligations the company's pension benefit obligation and related pension expense or income are calculated in accordance with financial accounting standards board (fasb) accounting standards codification (asc) 715-30, defined benefit plans-pension, and are impacted by certain actuarial assumptions, including the discount rate and the expected rate of return on plan assets. such rates are evaluated on an annual basis considering factors including market interest rates and historical asset performance. actuarial valuations for fiscal year 2017 used a discount rate of 3.60% for the salaried pension plan and 3.62% for the hourly pension plan. our discount rate was selected using a methodology that matches plan cash flows with a selection of "aa" or higher rated bonds, resulting in a discount rate that better matches a bond yield curve with comparable cash flows. in estimating the expected return on plan assets, we study historical markets and preserve the long-term historical relationships between equities and fixed-income securities. we evaluate current market factors such as inflation and interest rates before we determine long-term capital market assumptions and review peer data and historical returns to check for reasonableness and appropriateness. changes in the discount rate and return on assets can have a significant effect on the funded status of our pension plans, stockholders' equity and related expense. we cannot predict these changes in discount rates or investment returns and, therefore, cannot reasonably estimate whether the impact in subsequent years will be significant.
the funded status of our pension plans is the difference between the projected benefit obligation and the fair value of its plan assets. the projected benefit obligation is the actuarial present value of all benefits expected to be earned by the employees' service. no compensation increase is assumed in the calculation of the projected benefit obligation, as the plans were frozen effective december 31, 2008. further information regarding the funded status of our pension plans can be found in note 14, "benefit plans," to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
our funding policy for our pension plans is to contribute amounts at least equal to the minimum annual amount required by applicable regulations. given this policy, we expect to make $0.3 million in contributions to our pension plans in 2018, at a minimum.
income taxes we account for income taxes in accordance with asc 740, income taxes. our estimate of income taxes payable, deferred income taxes and the effective tax rate is based on an analysis of many factors including interpretations of federal, state and international income tax laws; the difference between tax and financial reporting bases of assets and liabilities; estimates of amounts currently due or owed in various jurisdictions; and current accounting standards. we review and update our estimates on a quarterly basis as facts and circumstances change and actual results are known.
in assessing the realizability of the deferred tax assets on our balance sheet, we consider whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. the ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the years in which those temporary differences become deductible. we consider the taxable income in prior carryback years, scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment.
refer to note 13, "income taxes" to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on the company's income taxes and the impact of the tax act.
new accounting standards for information with respect to new accounting pronouncements and the impact of these pronouncements on our consolidated financial statements, refer to note 2, "significant accounting policies - new accounting pronouncements," to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
