item 1a: risk factors we, like other financial companies, are subject to a number of risks that may adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations, many of which are outside of our direct control. among these risks are:
•   credit risk, which is the risk of loss due to loan and lease customers or other counterparties not being able to meet their financial obligations under agreed upon terms;
•   market risk, which occurs when fluctuations in interest rates impact earnings and capital. financial impacts are realized through changes in the interest rates of balance sheet assets and liabilities (net interest margin) or directly through valuation changes of capitalized msr and/or trading assets (noninterest income);
•   liquidity risk, which is the risk to current or anticipated earnings or capital arising from an inability to meet obligations when they come due. liquidity risk includes the inability to access funding sources or manage fluctuations in funding levels. liquidity risk also results from the failure to recognize or address changes in market conditions that affect our ability to liquidate assets quickly and with minimal loss in value;
•   operational and legal risk, which is the risk of loss arising from inadequate or failed internal processes or systems, human errors or misconduct, or adverse external events. operational losses result from internal fraud; external fraud, inadequate or inappropriate employment practices and workplace safety, failure to meet professional obligations involving customers, products, and business practices, damage to physical assets, business disruption and systems failures, and failures in execution, delivery, and process management. legal risk includes, but is not limited to, exposure to orders, fines, penalties, or punitive damages resulting from litigation, as well as regulatory actions;
•   compliance risk, which exposes us to money penalties, enforcement actions or other sanctions as a result of non-conformance with laws, rules, and regulations that apply to the financial services industry;
•   strategic risk, which is defined as risk to current or anticipated earnings, capital, or enterprise value arising from adverse business decisions, improper implementation of business decisions or lack of responsiveness to industry / market changes; and
•   reputation risk, which is the risk that negative publicity regarding an institution's business practices, whether true or not, will cause a decline in the customer base, costly litigation, or revenue reductions.
in addition to the other information included or incorporated by reference into this report, readers should carefully consider that the following important factors, among others, could negatively impact our business, future results of operations, and future cash flows materially.
credit risks:
our acl level may prove to not be adequate or be negatively affected by credit risk exposures which could adversely affect our net income and capital.
our business depends on the creditworthiness of our customers. our acl of $778 million at december 31, 2017, represented management's estimate of probable losses inherent in our loan and lease portfolio (alll) as well as our unfunded loan commitments and letters of credit (aulc). we regularly review our acl for appropriateness. in doing so, we consider economic conditions and trends, collateral values, and credit quality indicators, such as past charge-off experience, levels of past due loans, and npas. there is no certainty that our acl will be appropriate over time to cover losses in the portfolio because of unanticipated adverse changes in the economy, market conditions, or events adversely affecting specific customers, industries, or markets. if the credit quality of our customer base materially decreases, if the risk profile of a market, industry, or group of customers changes materially, or if the acl is not appropriate, our net income and capital could be materially adversely affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, regulatory review of risk ratings and loan and lease losses may impact the level of the acl and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
weakness in economic conditions could adversely affect our business.
our performance could be negatively affected to the extent there is deterioration in business and economic conditions which have direct or indirect material adverse impacts on us, our customers, and our counterparties. these conditions could result in one or more of the following:
•   a decrease in the demand for loans and other products and services offered by us;
•   a decrease in customer savings generally and in the demand for savings and investment products offered by us; and
•   an increase in the number of customers and counterparties who become delinquent, file for protection under bankruptcy laws, or default on their loans or other obligations to us.
an increase in the number of delinquencies, bankruptcies, or defaults could result in a higher level of npas, ncos, provision for credit losses, and valuation adjustments on loans held for sale. the markets we serve are dependent on industrial and manufacturing businesses and, thus, are particularly vulnerable to adverse changes in economic conditions affecting these sectors.
19
market risks:
changes in interest rates could reduce our net interest income, reduce transactional income, and negatively impact the value of our loans, securities, and other assets. this could have an adverse impact on our cash flows, financial condition, results of operations, and capital.
our results of operations depend substantially on net interest income, which is the difference between interest earned on interest earning assets (such as investments and loans) and interest paid on interest bearing liabilities (such as deposits and borrowings). interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including governmental monetary policies and domestic and international economic and political conditions. conditions such as inflation, deflation, recession, unemployment, money supply, and other factors beyond our control may also affect interest rates. in addition, the federal reserve has stated its intention to end its quantitative easing program and has begun to reduce the size of its balance sheet by selling securities, which might also affect interest rates. if our interest earning assets mature or reprice faster than interest bearing liabilities in a declining interest rate environment, net interest income could be materially adversely impacted. likewise, if interest bearing liabilities mature or reprice more quickly than interest earning assets in a rising interest rate environment, net interest income could be adversely impacted.
changes in interest rates can affect the value of loans, securities, assets under management, and other assets, including mortgage and nonmortgage servicing rights. an increase in interest rates that adversely affects the ability of borrowers to pay the principal or interest on loans and leases may lead to an increase in npas and a reduction of income recognized, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. when we place a loan on nonaccrual status, we reverse any accrued but unpaid interest receivable, which decreases interest income. however, we continue to incur interest expense as a cost of funding nals without any corresponding interest income. in addition, transactional income, including trust income, brokerage income, and gain on sales of loans can vary significantly from period-to-period based on a number of factors, including the interest rate environment. a decline in interest rates along with a flattening yield curve limits our ability to reprice deposits given the current historically low level of interest rates and could result in declining net interest margins if longer duration assets reprice faster than deposits.
rising interest rates reduce the value of our fixed-rate securities. any unrealized loss from these portfolios impacts oci, shareholders' equity, and the tangible common equity ratio. any realized loss from these portfolios impacts regulatory capital ratios. in a rising interest rate environment, pension and other post-retirement obligations somewhat mitigate negative oci impacts from securities and financial instruments. for more information, refer to "market risk" of the md&a.
certain investment securities, notably mortgage-backed securities, are very sensitive to rising and falling rates. generally, when rates rise, prepayments of principal and interest will decrease and the duration of mortgage-backed securities will increase. conversely, when rates fall, prepayments of principal and interest will increase and the duration of mortgage-backed securities will decrease. in either case, interest rates have a significant impact on the value of mortgage-backed securities.
msr fair values are sensitive to movements in interest rates, as expected future net servicing income depends on the projected outstanding principal balances of the underlying loans, which can be reduced by prepayments. prepayments usually increase when mortgage interest rates decline and decrease when mortgage interest rates rise.
in addition to volatility associated with interest rates, the company also has exposure to equity markets related to the investments within the benefit plans and other income from client based transactions.
industry competition may have an adverse effect on our success.
our profitability depends on our ability to compete successfully. we operate in a highly competitive environment, and we expect competition to intensify. certain of our competitors are larger and have more resources than we do, enabling them to be more aggressive than us in competing for loans and deposits. in our market areas, we face competition from other banks and financial service companies that offer similar services. some of our non-bank competitors are not subject to the same extensive regulations we are and, therefore, may have greater flexibility in competing for business. technological advances have made it possible for our non-bank competitors to offer products and services that traditionally were banking products and for financial institutions and other companies to provide electronic and internet-based financial solutions, including online deposit accounts, electronic payment processing and marketplace lending, without having a physical presence where their customers are located. our ability to compete successfully depends on a number of factors, including customer convenience, quality of service by investing in new products and services, electronic platforms, personal contacts, pricing, and range of products. if we are unable to successfully compete for new customers and retain our current customers, our business, financial condition, or results of operations may be adversely affected. in particular, if we experience an outflow of deposits as a result of our customers seeking investments with higher yields or greater financial stability, or a desire to do business with our competitors, we may be forced to rely more heavily on borrowings and other sources of funding to operate our business and meet withdrawal demands, thereby adversely affecting our net interest margin.  for more information, refer to "competition" section of item 1: business.
uncertainty about the future of libor may adversely affect our business.
on july 27, 2017, the chief executive of the united kingdom financial conduct authority, which regulates libor, announced that it intends to stop persuading or compelling banks to submit rates for the calculation of libor to the administrator of libor after
20
2021. the announcement indicates that the continuation of libor on the current basis cannot and will not be guaranteed after 2021. it is impossible to predict whether and to what extent banks will continue to provide libor submissions to the administrator of libor or whether any additional reforms to libor may be enacted in the united kingdom or elsewhere. at this time, no consensus exists as to what rate or rates may become accepted alternatives to libor and it is impossible to predict the effect of any such alternatives on the value of libor-based securities and variable rate loans, including huntington's series b preferred stock, certain of huntington's junior subordinated debentures, certain of the bank's senior notes, or other securities or financial arrangements, given libor's role in determining market interest rates globally. uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential changes or other reforms to libor may adversely affect libor rates and other interest rates. in the event that a published libor rate is unavailable after 2021, the dividend rate on huntington's series b preferred stock and the interest rate on huntington's and the bank's debentures and notes, which are currently based on the libor rate, will be determined as set forth in the offering documents, and the value of such securities may be adversely affected. currently, the manner and impact of this transition and related developments, as well as the effect of these developments on our funding costs, investment and trading securities portfolios and business, is uncertain.
liquidity risks:
changes in either huntington's financial condition or in the general banking industry could result in a loss of depositor confidence.
liquidity is the ability to meet cash flow needs on a timely basis at a reasonable cost. the bank uses its liquidity to extend credit and to repay liabilities as they become due or as demanded by customers. the board of directors establishes liquidity policies, including contingency funding plans, and limits and management establishes operating guidelines for liquidity.
our primary source of liquidity is our large supply of deposits from consumer and commercial customers. the continued availability of this supply depends on customer willingness to maintain deposit balances with banks in general and us in particular. the availability of deposits can also be impacted by regulatory changes (e.g. changes in fdic insurance, the lcr, etc.), changes in the financial condition of huntington, other banks or the banking industry in general, and other events which can impact the perceived safety or economic benefits of bank deposits. while we make significant efforts to consider and plan for hypothetical disruptions in our deposit funding, market related, geopolitical, or other events could impact the liquidity derived from deposits.
we are a holding company and depend on dividends by our subsidiaries for most of our funds.
huntington is an entity separate and distinct from the bank. the bank conducts most of our operations and huntington depends upon dividends from the bank to service huntington's debt and to pay dividends to huntington's shareholders. the availability of dividends from the bank is limited by various statutes and regulations. it is possible, depending upon the financial condition including liquidity and capital adequacy of the bank and other factors, that the occ could limit the payment of dividends or other payments to huntington by the bank. in addition, the payment of dividends by our other subsidiaries is also subject to the laws of the subsidiary's state of incorporation, and regulatory capital and liquidity requirements applicable to such subsidiaries. in the event that the bank was unable to pay dividends to us, we in turn would likely have to reduce or stop paying dividends on our preferred and common stock. our failure to pay dividends on our preferred and common stock could have a material adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. additional information regarding dividend restrictions is provided in item 1. regulatory matters.
if we lose access to capital markets, we may not be able to meet the cash flow requirements of our depositors, creditors, and borrowers, or have the operating cash needed to fund corporate expansion and other corporate activities.
wholesale funding sources include securitization, federal funds purchased, securities sold under repurchase agreements, non-core deposits, and long-term debt. the bank is also a member of the federal home loan bank of cincinnati, which provides members access to funding through advances collateralized with mortgage-related assets. we maintain a portfolio of highly-rated, marketable securities that is available as a source of liquidity.
capital markets disruptions can directly impact the liquidity of huntington and the bank. the inability to access capital markets funding sources as needed could adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and level of regulatory-qualifying capital. we may, from time-to-time, consider using our existing liquidity position to opportunistically retire outstanding securities in privately negotiated or open market transactions.
21
a reduction in our credit rating could adversely affect our ability to raise funds including capital, and/or the holders of our securities.
the credit rating agencies regularly evaluate huntington and the bank, and credit ratings are based on a number of factors, including our financial strength and ability to generate earnings, as well as factors not entirely within our control, including conditions affecting the financial services industry, the economy, and changes in rating methodologies. there can be no assurance that we will maintain our current credit ratings. a downgrade of the credit ratings of huntington or the bank could adversely affect our access to liquidity and capital, and could significantly increase our cost of funds, trigger additional collateral or funding requirements, and decrease the number of investors and counterparties willing to lend to us or purchase our securities. this could affect our growth, profitability and financial condition, including liquidity.
operational and legal risks:
our operational or security systems or infrastructure, or those of third parties, could fail or be breached, which could disrupt our business and adversely impact our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition, as well as cause legal or reputational harm.
the potential for operational risk exposure exists throughout our business and, as a result of our interactions with, and reliance on, third parties, is not limited to our own internal operational functions. our operational and security systems and infrastructure, including our computer systems, data management, and internal processes, as well as those of third parties, are integral to our performance. we rely on our employees and third parties in our day-to-day and ongoing operations, who may, as a result of human error, misconduct, malfeasance or failure, or breach of our or of third-party systems or infrastructure, expose us to risk. for example, our ability to conduct business may be adversely affected by any significant disruptions to us or to third parties with whom we interact or upon whom we rely. in addition, our ability to implement backup systems and other safeguards with respect to third-party systems is more limited than with respect to our own systems. our financial, accounting, data processing, backup or other operating or security systems and infrastructure may fail to operate properly or become disabled or damaged as a result of a number of factors, including events that are wholly or partially beyond our control, which could adversely affect our ability to process transactions or provide services. such events may include sudden increases in customer transaction volume; electrical, telecommunications or other major physical infrastructure outages; natural disasters such as earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes and floods; disease pandemics; cyber-attacks; and events arising from local or larger scale political or social matters, including wars and terrorist acts. in addition, we may need to take our systems offline if they become infected with malware or a computer virus or as a result of another form of cyber-attack. in the event that backup systems are utilized, they may not process data as quickly as our primary systems and some data might not have been saved to backup systems, potentially resulting in a temporary or permanent loss of such data. we frequently update our systems to support our operations and growth and to remain compliant with all applicable laws, rules and regulations. this updating entails significant costs and creates risks associated with implementing new systems and integrating them with existing ones, including business interruptions. implementation and testing of controls related to our computer systems, security monitoring and retaining and training personnel required to operate our systems also entail significant costs. operational risk exposures could adversely impact our operations, liquidity and financial condition, as well as cause reputational harm. in addition, we may not have adequate insurance coverage to compensate for losses from a major interruption.
we face security risks, including denial of service attacks, hacking, social engineering attacks targeting our colleagues and customers, malware intrusion or data corruption attempts, and identity theft that could result in the disclosure of confidential information, adversely affect our business or reputation, and create significant legal and financial exposure.
our computer systems and network infrastructure and those of third parties, on which we are highly dependent, are subject to security risks and could be susceptible to cyber-attacks, such as denial of service attacks, hacking, terrorist activities or identity theft. our business relies on the secure processing, transmission, storage and retrieval of confidential, proprietary and other information in our computer and data management systems and networks, and in the computer and data management systems and networks of third parties. in addition, to access our network, products and services, our customers and other third parties may use personal mobile devices or computing devices that are outside of our network environment and are subject to their own cybersecurity risks.
we, our customers, regulators and other third parties, including other financial services institutions and companies engaged in data processing, have been subject to, and are likely to continue to be the target of, cyber-attacks. these cyber-attacks include computer viruses, malicious or destructive code, phishing attacks, denial of service or information, ransomware, improper access by employees or vendors, attacks on personal email of employees, ransom demands to not expose security vulnerabilities in our systems or the systems of third parties or other security breaches that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of confidential, proprietary and other information of ours, our employees, our customers or of third parties, damage our systems or otherwise materially disrupt our or our customers' or other third parties' network access or business operations. as cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities or incidents. despite efforts to ensure the integrity of our systems and implement controls, processes, policies and other protective measures, we may not be able to anticipate all security breaches, nor may we be able to implement guaranteed preventive measures against such security breaches. cyber threats
22
are rapidly evolving and we may not be able to anticipate or prevent all such attacks and could be held liable for any security breach or loss.
cybersecurity risks for banking organizations have significantly increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, and the use of the internet and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions. for example, cybersecurity risks may increase in the future as we continue to increase our mobile-payment and other internet-based product offerings and expand our internal usage of web-based products and applications. in addition, cybersecurity risks have significantly increased in recent years in part due to the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime affiliates, terrorist organizations, hostile foreign governments, disgruntled employees or vendors, activists and other external parties, including those involved in corporate espionage. even the most advanced internal control environment may be vulnerable to compromise. targeted social engineering attacks and "spear phishing" attacks are becoming more sophisticated and are extremely difficult to prevent. in such an attack, an attacker will attempt to fraudulently induce colleagues, customers or other users of our systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to its data or that of its clients. persistent attackers may succeed in penetrating defenses given enough resources, time, and motive. the techniques used by cyber criminals change frequently, may not be recognized until launched and may not be recognized until well after a breach has occurred. the risk of a security breach caused by a cyber-attack at a vendor or by unauthorized vendor access has also increased in recent years. additionally, the existence of cyber-attacks or security breaches at third-party vendors with access to our data may not be disclosed to us in a timely manner.
we also face indirect technology, cybersecurity and operational risks relating to the customers, clients and other third parties with whom we do business or upon whom we rely to facilitate or enable our business activities, including, for example, financial counterparties, regulators and providers of critical infrastructure such as internet access and electrical power. as a result of increasing consolidation, interdependence and complexity of financial entities and technology systems, a technology failure, cyber-attack or other information or security breach that significantly degrades, deletes or compromises the systems or data of one or more financial entities could have a material impact on counterparties or other market participants, including us. this consolidation, interconnectivity and complexity increases the risk of operational failure, on both individual and industry-wide bases, as disparate systems need to be integrated, often on an accelerated basis. any third-party technology failure, cyber-attack or other information or security breach, termination or constraint could, among other things, adversely affect our ability to effect transactions, service our clients, manage our exposure to risk or expand our business.
cyber-attacks or other information or security breaches, whether directed at us or third parties, may result in a material loss or have material consequences. furthermore, the public perception that a cyber-attack on our systems has been successful, whether or not this perception is correct, may damage our reputation with customers and third parties with whom we do business. hacking of personal information and identity theft risks, in particular, could cause serious reputational harm. a successful penetration or circumvention of system security could cause us serious negative consequences, including our loss of customers and business opportunities, costs associated with maintaining business relationships after an attack or breach; significant business disruption to our operations and business, misappropriation, exposure, or destruction of our confidential information, intellectual property, funds, and/or those of our customers; or damage to our or our customers' and/or third parties' computers or systems, and could result in a violation of applicable privacy laws and other laws, litigation exposure, regulatory fines, penalties or intervention, loss of confidence in our security measures, reputational damage, reimbursement or other compensatory costs, additional compliance costs, and could adversely impact our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. in addition, we may not have adequate insurance coverage to compensate for losses from a cybersecurity event.
the resolution of significant pending litigation, if unfavorable, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations for a particular period.
we face legal risks in our businesses, and the volume of claims and amount of damages and penalties claimed in litigation and regulatory proceedings against financial institutions remain high. substantial legal liability against us could have material adverse financial effects or cause significant reputational harm to us, which in turn could seriously harm our business prospects. it is possible that the ultimate resolution of these matters, if unfavorable, may be material to the results of operations for a particular reporting period.
note 21 of the notes to consolidated financial statements updates the status of certain litigation.
we face significant operational risks which could lead to financial loss, expensive litigation, and loss of confidence by our customers, regulators, and capital markets.
we are exposed to many types of operational risks, including the risk of fraud or theft by colleagues or outsiders, unauthorized transactions by colleagues or outsiders, operational errors by colleagues, business disruption, and system failures. huntington executes against a significant number of controls, a large percent of which are manual and dependent on adequate execution by colleagues and third-party service providers. there is inherent risk that unknown single points of failure through the execution chain could give rise to material loss through inadvertent errors or malicious attack. these operational risks could lead to financial loss, expensive litigation, and loss of confidence by our customers, regulators, and the capital markets.
23
moreover, negative public opinion can result from our actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities, including clients, products and business practices; corporate governance; acquisitions; and from actions taken by government regulators and community organizations in response to those activities. negative public opinion can adversely affect our ability to attract and retain customers and can also expose us to litigation and regulatory action.
relative to acquisitions, we incur risks and challenges associated with the integration of employees, accounting systems, and technology platforms from acquired businesses and institutions in a timely and efficient manner, and we cannot guarantee that we will be successful in retaining existing customer relationships or achieving anticipated operating efficiencies expected from such acquisitions.  acquisitions may be subject to the receipt of approvals from certain governmental authorities, including the federal reserve, the occ, and the united states department of justice, as well as the approval of our shareholders and the shareholders of companies that we seek to acquire. these approvals for acquisitions may not be received, may take longer than expected, or may impose conditions that are not presently anticipated or that could have an adverse effect on the combined company following the acquisitions. subject to requisite regulatory approvals, future business acquisitions may result in the issuance and payment of additional shares of stock, which would dilute current shareholders' ownership interests.  additionally, acquisitions may involve the payment of a premium over book and market values. therefore, dilution of our tangible book value and net income per common share could occur in connection with any future transaction.
failure to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting could impair our ability to accurately and timely report our financial results or prevent fraud, resulting in loss of investor confidence and adversely affecting our business and our stock price.
effective internal controls over financial reporting are necessary to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. we are subject to regulation that focuses on effective internal controls and procedures. such controls and procedures are modified, supplemented, and changed from time-to-time as necessitated by our growth and in reaction to external events and developments. any failure to maintain an effective internal control environment could impact our ability to report our financial results on an accurate and timely basis, which could result in regulatory actions, loss of investor confidence, and an adverse impact on our business and our stock price.
we rely on quantitative models to measure risks and to estimate certain financial values.
quantitative models may be used to help manage certain aspects of our business and to assist with certain business decisions, including estimating probable loan losses, measuring the fair value of financial instruments when reliable market prices are unavailable, estimating the effects of changing interest rates and other market measures on our financial condition and results of operations, managing risk, and for capital planning purposes (including during the ccar capital planning and capital adequacy process). our measurement methodologies rely on many assumptions, historical analyses, and correlations. these assumptions may not capture or fully incorporate conditions leading to losses, particularly in times of market distress, and the historical correlations on which we rely may no longer be relevant. additionally, as businesses and markets evolve, our measurements may not accurately reflect this evolution. even if the underlying assumptions and historical correlations used in our models are adequate, our models may be deficient due to errors in computer code, inaccurate data, misuse of data, or the use of a model for a purpose outside the scope of the model's design.
all models have certain limitations. reliance on models presents the risk that our business decisions based on information incorporated from models will be adversely affected due to incorrect, missing, or misleading information. in addition, our models may not capture or fully express the risks we face, may suggest that we have sufficient capitalization when we do not, or may lead us to misjudge the business and economic environment in which we will operate. if our models fail to produce reliable results on an ongoing basis, we may not make appropriate risk management, capital planning, or other business or financial decisions. strategies that we employ to manage and govern the risks associated with our use of models may not be effective or fully reliable. also, information that we provide to the public or regulators based on poorly designed models could be inaccurate or misleading.
banking regulators continue to focus on the models used by banks and bank holding companies in their businesses. some of our decisions that the regulators evaluate, including distributions to our shareholders, could be affected adversely due to their perception that the quality of the models used to generate the relevant information is insufficient.
we rely on third parties to provide key components of our business infrastructure.
we rely on third-party service providers to leverage subject matter expertise and industry best practice, provide enhanced products and services, and reduce costs. although there are benefits in entering into third-party relationships with vendors and others, there are risks associated with such activities. when entering a third-party relationship, the risks associated with that activity are not passed to the third-party but remain our responsibility. the technology committee of the board of directors provides oversight related to the overall risk management process associated with third-party relationships. management is accountable for the review and evaluation of all new and existing third-party relationships. management is responsible for ensuring that adequate controls are in place to protect us and our customers from the risks associated with vendor relationships.
increased risk could occur based on poor planning, oversight, control, and inferior performance or service on the part of the third-party, and may result in legal costs or loss of business. while we have implemented a vendor management program to actively
24
manage the risks associated with the use of third-party service providers, any problems caused by third-party service providers could adversely affect our ability to deliver products and services to our customers and to conduct our business. replacing a third-party service provider could also take a long period of time and result in increased expenses.
changes in accounting policies, standards, and interpretations could affect how we report our financial condition and results of operations.
the fasb, regulatory agencies, and other bodies that establish accounting standards periodically change the financial accounting and reporting standards governing the preparation of our financial statements. additionally, those bodies that establish and interpret the accounting standards (such as the fasb, sec, and banking regulators) may change prior interpretations or positions on how these standards should be applied. in june 2016, the fasb issued a new current expected credit loss rule, which will require banks to record, at the time of origination, credit losses expected throughout the life of the asset portfolio on loans and held-to-maturity securities, as opposed to the current practice of recording losses when it is probable that a loss event has occurred. changes in accounting policies, standards and interpretations can be difficult to predict and can materially affect how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations.
for further discussion, see note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
impairment of goodwill could require charges to earnings, which could result in a negative impact on our results of operations.
our goodwill could become impaired in the future. if goodwill were to become impaired, it could limit the ability of the bank to pay dividends to huntington, adversely impacting huntington liquidity and ability to pay dividends or repay debt. the most significant assumptions affecting our goodwill impairment evaluation are variables including the market price of our common stock, projections of earnings, the discount rates used in the income approach to fair value, and the control premium above our current stock price that an acquirer would pay to obtain control of us. we are required to test goodwill for impairment at least annually or when impairment indicators are present. if an impairment determination is made in a future reporting period, our earnings and book value of goodwill will be reduced by the amount of the impairment. if an impairment loss is recorded, it will have little or no impact on the tangible book value of our common stock, or our regulatory capital levels, but such an impairment loss could significantly reduce the bank's earnings and thereby restrict the bank's ability to make dividend payments to us without prior regulatory approval, because federal reserve policy states the bank holding company dividends should be paid from current earnings. at december 31, 2017, the book value of our goodwill was $2.0 billion, substantially all of which was recorded at the bank. any such write down of goodwill or other acquisition related intangibles will reduce huntington's earnings, as well.
negative publicity could damage our reputation and could significantly harm our business.
our ability to attract and retain customers, clients, investors, and highly-skilled management and employees is affected by our reputation. public perception of the financial services industry in general was damaged as a result of the credit crisis that started in 2008. we face increased public and regulatory scrutiny resulting from the credit crisis and economic downturn. significant harm to our reputation can also arise from other sources, including employee misconduct, actual or perceived unethical behavior, conflicts of interest, litigation, gse or regulatory actions, failing to deliver minimum or required standards of service and quality, failing to address customer and agency complaints, compliance failures, unauthorized release of confidential information due to cyber-attacks or otherwise, and the activities of our clients, customers and counterparties, including vendors. actions by the financial service industry generally or by institutions or individuals in the industry can adversely affect our reputation, indirectly by association. all of these could adversely affect our growth, results of operation and financial condition.
we depend on our executive officers and key personnel to continue the implementation of our long-term business strategy and could be harmed by the loss of their services.
we believe that our continued growth and future success will depend in large part on the skills of our management team and our ability to motivate and retain these individuals and other key personnel. the loss of service of one or more of our executive officers or key personnel could reduce our ability to successfully implement our long-term business strategy, our business could suffer and the value of our stock could be materially adversely affected. leadership changes will occur from time to time and we cannot predict whether significant resignations will occur or whether we will be able to recruit additional qualified personnel. we believe our management team possesses valuable knowledge about the banking industry and that their knowledge and relationships would be very difficult to replicate. our success also depends on the experience of our branch managers and lending officers and on their relationships with the customers and communities they serve. the loss of these key personnel could negatively impact our banking operations. the loss of key personnel, or the inability to recruit and retain qualified personnel in the future, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results.
25
compliance risks:
we operate in a highly regulated industry and the laws and regulations that govern our operations, corporate governance, executive compensation and financial accounting, or reporting, including changes in them, or our failure to comply with them, may adversely affect us.
the banking industry is highly regulated. we are subject to supervision, regulation and examination by various federal and state regulators, including the federal reserve, occ, sec, cfpb, fdic, finra, and various state regulatory agencies. the statutory and regulatory framework that governs us is generally intended to protect depositors and customers, the dif, the u.s. banking and financial system, and financial markets as a whole-not to protect shareholders. these laws and regulations, among other matters, prescribe minimum capital requirements, impose limitations on our business activities (including foreclosure and collection practices), limit the dividend or distributions that we can pay, restrict the ability of institutions to guarantee our debt and impose certain specific accounting requirements that may be more restrictive and may result in greater or earlier charges to earnings or reductions in our capital than accounting principles generally accepted in the united states. compliance with laws and regulations can be difficult and costly and changes to laws and regulations often impose additional compliance costs. both the scope of the laws and regulations and the intensity of the supervision to which we are subject have increased in recent years in response to the financial crisis, as well as other factors such as technological and market changes. such regulation and supervision may increase our costs and limit our ability to pursue business opportunities. further, our failure to comply with these laws and regulations, even if the failure was inadvertent or reflects a difference in interpretation, could subject us to restrictions on our business activities, fines and other penalties, any of which could adversely affect our results of operations, capital base and the price of our securities. further, any new laws, rules and regulations could make compliance more difficult or expensive or otherwise adversely affect our business and financial condition.
bank regulations regarding capital and liquidity, including the annual ccar assessment process and the u.s. basel iii capital and liquidity standards, could require higher levels of capital and liquidity. among other things, these regulations could impact our ability to pay common stock dividends, repurchase common stock, attract cost-effective sources of deposits, or require the retention of higher amounts of low yielding securities.
the federal reserve administers ccar, an annual forward-looking quantitative assessment of huntington's capital adequacy and planned capital distributions and a review of the strength of huntington's practices to assess capital needs. we generally may pay dividends and repurchase stock only in accordance with a capital plan that has been reviewed by the federal reserve and as to which the federal reserve has not objected. the federal reserve also makes a quantitative assessment of capital based on supervisory-run stress tests that assess the ability to maintain capital levels above each minimum regulatory capital ratio after making all capital actions included in huntington's capital plan, under baseline and stressful conditions throughout a nine-quarter planning horizon. the bank also must submit a capital plan to the occ. there can be no assurance that the federal reserve or occ will respond favorably to our capital plans, planned capital actions or stress test results, and the federal reserve, occ, or other regulatory capital requirements may limit or otherwise restrict how we utilize our capital, including common stock dividends and stock repurchases.
we are also required to maintain minimum capital ratios and the federal reserve and occ may determine that huntington and/or the bank, based on size, complexity or risk profile, must maintain capital ratios above these minimums in order to operate in a safe and sound manner. in the event we are required to raise capital to maintain required minimum capital and leverage ratios or ratios above the required applicable minimums, we may be forced to do so in when market conditions are undesirable or on terms that are less favorable to us than we would otherwise require. furthermore, in order to prevent becoming subject to restrictions on our ability to distribute capital or make certain discretionary bonus payments to management, we must maintain a capital conservation buffer (of 1.875% in 2018), which is in addition to our required minimum capital ratios.
we are also subject to a modified lcr requirement that requires huntington to maintain an adequate amount of unencumbered high-quality liquid assets, such as treasury securities and other sovereign debt, to cover projected net cash outflows over a 30 calendar-day stress scenario window. because the lcr assigns less severe outflow assumptions to certain types of customer deposits, banks' demand for and the cost of these deposits may increase. additionally, the lcr has increased the demand for direct u.s. government and u.s. government-guaranteed debt that, while high quality, generally carry lower yields than other securities bhcs hold in their investment portfolios.
for more information regarding ccar, stress testing and capital and liquidity requirements, refer to item 1. regulatory matters.
if our regulators deem it appropriate, they can take regulatory actions that could result in a material adverse impact on our financial results, ability to compete for new business, or preclude mergers or acquisitions. in addition, regulatory actions could constrain our ability to fund our liquidity needs or pay dividends. any of these actions could increase the cost of our services.
we are subject to the supervision and regulation of various state and federal regulators, including the occ, federal reserve, fdic, sec, cfpb, finra, and various state regulatory agencies. as such, we are subject to a wide variety of laws and regulations, many of which are discussed in item 1. regulatory matters. as part of their supervisory process, which includes periodic examinations and continuous monitoring, the regulators have the authority to impose restrictions or conditions on our activities and the manner in which we manage the organization. such actions could negatively impact us in a variety of ways, including charging monetary fines,
26
impacting our ability to pay dividends, precluding mergers or acquisitions, limiting our ability to offer certain products or services, or imposing additional capital requirements.
under the supervision of the cfpb, our consumer and business banking products and services are subject to heightened regulatory oversight and scrutiny with respect to compliance under consumer laws and regulations. we may face a greater number or wider scope of investigations, enforcement actions, and litigation in the future related to consumer practices, thereby increasing costs associated with responding to or defending such actions. also, federal and state regulators have been increasingly focused on sales practices of branch personnel, including taking regulatory action against other financial institutions. in addition, increased regulatory inquiries and investigations, as well as any additional legislative or regulatory developments affecting our consumer businesses, and any required changes to our business operations resulting from these developments, could result in significant loss of revenue, require remuneration to our customers, trigger fines or penalties, limit the products or services we offer, require us to increase our prices and, therefore, reduce demand for our products, impose additional compliance costs on us, increase the cost of collection, cause harm to our reputation, or otherwise adversely affect our consumer businesses.
in addition, we are allowed to conduct certain activities that are financial in nature by virtue of huntington's status as an fhc, as discussed in more detail in item 1. regulatory matters. if huntington or the bank cease to meet the requirements necessary for huntington to continue to qualify as an fhc, the federal reserve may impose upon us corrective capital and managerial requirements, and may place limitations on our ability to conduct all of the business activities that we conduct as a fhc. if the failure to meet these standards persists, we could be required to divest our bank, or cease all activities other than those activities that may be conducted by a bhc but not an fhc.
legislative and regulatory actions taken now or in the future that impact the financial industry may materially adversely affect us by increasing our costs, adding complexity in doing business, impeding the efficiency of our internal business processes, negatively impacting the recoverability of certain of our recorded assets, requiring us to increase our regulatory capital, limiting our ability to pursue business opportunities, and otherwise resulting in a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operation, liquidity, or stock price.
both the scope of the laws and regulations and the intensity of the supervision to which we are subject have increased in recent years, in response to the financial crisis as well as other factors such as technological and market changes. regulatory enforcement and fines have also increased across the banking and financial services sector. compliance with these laws and regulations have resulted in and will continue to result in additional costs, which could be significant, and may have a material and adverse effect on our results of operations. in addition, if we do not appropriately comply with current or future legislation and regulations, especially those that apply to our consumer operations, which has been an area of heightened focus, we may be subject to fines, penalties or judgments, or material regulatory restrictions on our businesses, which could adversely affect operations and, in turn, financial results.
we may become subject to more stringent regulatory requirements and activity restrictions if the federal reserve and fdic determine that our resolution plan is not credible.
huntington is required to submit annually to the federal reserve and the fdic a resolution plan for its orderly resolution under the u.s. bankruptcy code. if the federal reserve and the fdic jointly determine that our resolution plan is not credible, we could become subjected to more stringent capital, leverage or liquidity requirements or restrictions, or restrictions on our growth, activities or operations. if we were to fail to address deficiencies in our resolution plan when required, we could eventually be required to divest certain assets or operations in ways that could negatively impact its operations and strategy.
for more information regarding resolution planning requirements, refer to item 1: business - regulatory matters.
noncompliance with the bank secrecy act and other anti-money laundering statutes and regulations could cause us material financial loss.
the bank secrecy act and the patriot act contain anti-money laundering and financial transparency provisions intended to detect, and prevent the use of the u.s. financial system for, money laundering and terrorist financing activities. the bank secrecy act, as amended by the patriot act, requires depository institutions and their holding companies to undertake activities including maintaining an anti-money laundering program, verifying the identity of clients, monitoring for and reporting suspicious transactions, reporting on cash transactions exceeding specified thresholds, and responding to requests for information by regulatory authorities and law enforcement agencies. fincen, a unit of the treasury department that administers the bank secrecy act, is authorized to impose significant civil money penalties for violations of those requirements and has recently engaged in coordinated enforcement efforts with the federal bank regulatory agencies, as well as the united states department of justice, drug enforcement administration and irs.
there is also increased scrutiny of compliance with the rules enforced by the ofac. if our policies, procedures and systems are deemed deficient or the policies, procedures and systems of the financial institutions that we have already acquired or may acquire in the future are deficient, we would be subject to liability, including fines and regulatory actions such as restrictions on our ability to pay dividends and the necessity to obtain regulatory approvals to proceed with certain planned business activities, including acquisition plans, which would negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. failure to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing could also have serious reputational consequences for us.
27
for more information regarding the bank secrecy act, patriot act, anti-money laundering requirements and ofac-administered sanctions, refer to item 1: business - regulatory matters.
cybersecurity and data privacy are areas of heightened legislative and regulatory focus.
as cybersecurity and data privacy risks for banking organizations and the broader financial system have significantly increased in recent years, cybersecurity and data privacy issues have become the subject of increasing legislative and regulatory focus. the federal bank regulatory agencies have proposed enhanced cyber risk management standards, which would apply to a wide range of large financial institutions and their third-party service providers, including us and the bank, and would focus on cyber risk governance and management, management of internal and external dependencies, and incident response, cyber resilience and situational awareness. several states have also proposed or adopted cybersecurity legislation and regulations, which require, among other things, notification to affected individuals when there has been a security breach of their personal data.
we receive, maintain and store non-public personal information of our customers and counterparties, including, but not limited to, personally identifiable information and personal financial information. the sharing, use, disclosure and protection of this information are governed by federal and state law. both personally identifiable information and personal financial information is increasingly subject to legislation and regulation, the intent of which is to protect the privacy of personal information that is collected and handled.
we may become subject to new legislation or regulation concerning cybersecurity or the privacy of personally identifiable information and personal financial information or of any other information we may store or maintain. we could be adversely affected if new legislation or regulations are adopted or if existing legislation or regulations are modified such that we are required to alter our systems or require changes to our business practices or privacy policies. if cybersecurity, data privacy, data protection, data transfer or data retention laws are implemented, interpreted or applied in a manner inconsistent with our current practices, we may be subject to fines, litigation or regulatory enforcement actions or ordered to change our business practices, policies or systems in a manner that adversely impacts our operating results.
item 7: management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations introduction this md&a provides information we believe necessary for understanding our financial condition, changes in financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. the md&a should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements, notes to consolidated financial statements, and other information contained in this report. the forward-looking statements in this section and other parts of this report involve assumptions, risks, uncertainties, and other factors, including statements regarding our plans, objectives, goals, strategies, and financial performance. our actual results could differ materially from the results anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of factors set forth under the caption "forward-looking statements" and those set forth in item 1a.
executive overview
2017 financial performance review in 2017, we reported net income of $1.2 billion, a 67% increase from the prior year. earnings per common share on a diluted basis for the year was $1.00, up 43% from the prior year. reported net income was impacted by the firstmerit acquisition with related expenses totaling $152 million pre-tax, or $0.09 per common share and federal tax reform-related tax benefit totaling $123 million, or $0.11 per common share.
fully-taxable equivalent net interest income was $3.1 billion, up $0.6 billion, or 27%. this reflected the impact of 21% average earning asset growth, 24% average interest-bearing liability growth, and a 14 basis point increase in the nim to 3.30%. the average earning asset growth included a $10.4 billion, or 18%, increase in average loans and leases and a $6.1 billion, or 34%, increase in average securities, both of which were affected by the full year impact of the firstmerit acquisition. the net interest margin expansion reflected a 27 basis point positive impact from the mix and yield on earning assets and a 3 basis point increase in the benefit from noninterest-bearing funding, partially offset by a 16 basis point increase in funding costs.
the provision for credit losses was $201 million, up $10 million, or 5%. the increase in provision expense over the prior year was primarily the result of loan growth.
noninterest income was $1.3 billion, up $157 million, or 14%, from the prior year reflecting the full year impact of the first merit acquisition. card and payment processing income increased $37 million, or 22%, due to higher credit and debit card related income and underlying customer growth. trust and investment management services increased $33 million, or 27%, and service charges on deposit accounts increased $29 million, or 9%, reflecting the benefit of continued new customer acquisition. other income increased $28 million, or 18%, primarily reflecting increases in servicing income, mezzanine lending, loan syndication fees and commitment fees. capital markets fees increased $16 million, or 27%, reflecting our ongoing strategic focus on expanding the business. bank owned life insurance increased $9 million, or 16%. gain on sale of loans increased $9 million, or 19%, as a result of continued expansion of our sba lending business during 2017 which more than offset gains in the prior year from our balance sheet optimization strategy and the auto securitization completed in the 2016 fourth quarter. these increases were partially offset by a $4 million decline in net securities gains and a $3 million decline in insurance income.
noninterest expense was $2.7 billion, up $306 million, or 13%. reported noninterest expense was impacted by firstmerit acquisition-related expenses totaling $154 million. personnel costs increased $175 million, or 13%, primarily reflecting the full year impact of the addition of colleagues from firstmerit. net occupancy expense increased $59 million, or 39%, primarily reflecting $52 million of acquisition-related expense. other expense increased $47 million, or 26%, reflecting the full impact of the firstmerit acquisition. amortization of intangibles increased $26 million, or 87%, reflecting the full year impact of firstmerit related intangibles. deposit and other insurance expense increased $24 million, or 44%, reflecting the larger assessment base. partially offsetting these increases, professional services decreased $36 million, or 34% reflecting a reduction in legal and consultation fees partially attributable to acquisition-related expense.
on december 22, 2017, the tcja was enacted, which among other things, reduced the federal income tax rate for c corporations from 35% to 21% effective january 1, 2018. a $123 million tax benefit related to the tcja was recorded in the 2017 fourth quarter and full-year results, which was primarily attributable to the revaluation of net deferred tax liabilities at the lower statutory federal income tax rate. the provision for income taxes was $208 million and remained unchanged from the prior year. the effective tax rates for 2017 and 2016 were 14.9% and 22.6%, respectively. the 2017 full-year results for income taxes and effective tax rate reflect the tax benefit associated with the tcja. in addition, 2017 and 2016 include the benefits from tax-exempt income, tax-advantaged investments, general business credits, investments in qualified affordable housing projects, excess tax deductions for stock-based compensation, and capital losses. (this section should be read in conjunction with note 1 and note 17 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.)
34
the tangible common equity to tangible assets ratio was 7.34%, up 18 basis points. the regulatory common equity tier 1 (cet1) risk-based capital ratio was 10.01%, up 45 basis points. the regulatory tier 1 risk-based capital ratio was 11.34%, up 42 basis points. all capital ratios were impacted by positive earnings including the one-time tax benefit (see significant items) which resulted in a favorable impact to the ratios, partially offset by loan growth and the repurchase of $260 million of common stock at an average cost of $13.38 per share during 2017, including $137 million of common stock at an average cost of $14.00 per share during the 2017 fourth quarter. there were 19.4 million common shares repurchased during 2017.
business overview general our general business objectives are: (1) grow net interest income and fee income, (2) deliver positive operating leverage, (3) increase primary relationships across all business segments, (4) continue to strengthen risk management, and (5) maintain capital and liquidity positions consistent with our risk appetite.
economy we enter 2018 with optimism, fueled by both the improving macroeconomic environment and the continued execution of our core strategies to drive organic growth. the operating environment appears poised for further improvement given strong labor markets, the enactment of federal tax reform, and outlook for additional interest rate hikes by the federal reserve. sentiment remains healthy among both our consumer and business customers. commercial loan growth was particularly encouraging during the final few weeks of the year, and our commercial pipelines remain good as we start the new year. consumer loan growth remained steady all year.
legislative and regulatory a comprehensive discussion of legislative and regulatory matters affecting us can be found in the regulatory matters section included in item 1 of this form 10-k.
35
table 2 - selected annual income statements (1)
(dollar amounts in millions, except per share amounts)
year ended december 31, change from 2016                                              change from 2015
2017                                                                                    amount           percent                  2016                amount           percent                  2015
interest income                                              $3,433                  $801               30     %           $2,632                  $517               24     %           $2,115
interest expense                                                431                   168               64                    263                    99               60                    164
net interest income                                           3,002                   633               27                  2,369                   418               21                  1,951
provision for credit losses                                     201                    10                5                    191                    91               91                    100
net interest income after provision for credit losses         2,801                   623               29                  2,178                   327               18                  1,851
service charges on deposit accounts                             353                    29                9                    324                    44               16                    280
cards and payment processing income                             206                    37               22                    169                    26               18                    143
trust and investment management services                        156                    33               27                    123                     7                6                    116
mortgage banking income                                         131                     3                2                    128                    16               14                    112
insurance income                                                 81                    (3    )          (4     )               84                     3                4                     81
capital markets fees                                             76                    16               27                     60                     6               11                     54
bank owned life insurance income                                 67                     9               16                     58                     6               12                     52
gain on sale of loans                                            56                     9               19                     47                    14               42                     33
securities gains (losses)                                        (4    )               (4    )        (100     )                -                    (1    )        (100     )                1
other income                                                    185                    28               18                    157                   (10    )          (6     )              167
total noninterest income                                      1,307                   157               14                  1,150                   111               11                  1,039
personnel costs                                               1,524                   175               13                  1,349                   227               20                  1,122
outside data processing and other services                      313                     8                3                    305                    74               32                    231
net occupancy                                                   212                    59               39                    153                    31               25                    122
equipment                                                       171                     6                4                    165                    40               32                    125
deposit and other insurance expense                              78                    24               44                     54                     9               20                     45
professional services                                            69                   (36    )         (34     )              105                    55              110                     50
marketing                                                        60                    (3    )          (5     )               63                    11               21                     52
amortization of intangibles                                      56                    26               87                     30                     2                7                     28
other expense                                                   231                    47               26                    184                   (17    )          (8     )              201
total noninterest expense                                     2,714                   306               13                  2,408                   432               22                  1,976
income before income taxes                                    1,394                   474               52                    920                     6                1                    914
provision for income taxes                                      208                     -                -                    208                   (13    )          (6     )              221
net income                                                    1,186                   474               67                    712                    19                3                    693
dividends on preferred shares                                    76                    11               17                     65                    33              103                     32
net income applicable to common shares                       $1,110                  $463               72     %             $647                  $(14    )          (2    )%             $661
average common shares-basic (000)                         1,084,686               180,248               20     %          904,438               101,026               13     %          803,412
average common shares-diluted                             1,136,186               217,396               24                918,790               101,661               12                817,129
per common share:
net income-basic                                              $1.02                 $0.30               42     %            $0.72                $(0.10    )         (12    )%            $0.82
net income-diluted                                             1.00                  0.30               43                   0.70                 (0.11    )         (14     )             0.81
cash dividends declared                                        0.35                  0.06               21                   0.29                  0.04               16                   0.25
revenue-fte net interest income                                          $3,002                  $633               27     %           $2,369                  $418               21     %           $1,951
fte adjustment                                                   50                     7               16                     43                    11               34                     32
net interest income(2)                                        3,052                   640               27                  2,412                   429               22                  1,983
noninterest income                                            1,307                   157               14                  1,150                   111               11                  1,039
total revenue(2)                                             $4,359                  $797               22     %           $3,562                  $540               18     %           $3,022
(1)   comparisons for presented periods are impacted by a number of factors. refer to "significant items" in the discussion of results of operations.
(2)   on a fully-taxable equivalent (fte) basis assuming a 35% tax rate.
36
discussion of results of operations this section provides a review of financial performance from a consolidated perspective. it also includes a "significant items" section that summarizes key issues important for a complete understanding of performance trends. key consolidated balance sheet and income statement trends are discussed. all earnings per share data are reported on a diluted basis. for additional insight on financial performance, please read this section in conjunction with the "business segment discussion."
significant items earnings comparisons among the three years ended december 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015 were impacted by a number of significant items summarized below.
1.   mergers and acquisitions. significant events relating to mergers and acquisitions, and the impacts of those events on our reported results, were as follows:
•   during 2017, $154 million of noninterest expense and $2 million of noninterest income was recorded related to the acquisition of firstmerit. this resulted in a negative impact of $0.09 per common share in 2017.
•   during 2016, $282 million of noninterest expense and $1 million of noninterest income was recorded related to the acquisition of firstmerit. this resulted in a negative impact of $0.20 per common share in 2016.
•   during 2015, $9 million of noninterest expense was recorded related to the acquisition of macquarie equipment finance, inc., which was rebranded huntington technology finance. also during 2015, $4 million of noninterest expense and $3 million of noninterest income was recorded related to the sale of huntington asset advisors, inc., huntington asset services, inc., and unified financial services, inc. this resulted in a net negative impact of $0.01 per common share in 2015.
2.   federal tax reform-related tax benefit. significant events relating to federal tax reform-related tax benefits, and the impacts of those events on our reported results, were as follows:
•   during 2017, $123 million of federal tax reform-related tax benefit was recorded as provision for income taxes. this resulted in a positive impact of $0.11 per common share in 2017.
3.   litigation reserve. significant events relating to our litigation reserve, and the impacts of those events on our reported results, were as follows:
•   during 2016, a $42 million reduction to litigation reserves was recorded as other noninterest expense. this resulted in a positive impact of $0.03 per common share in 2016.
•   during 2015, $38 million of net additions to litigation reserves were recorded as other noninterest expense. this resulted in a negative impact of $0.03 per common share in 2015.
4.   franchise repositioning related expense. significant events relating to franchise repositioning, and the impacts of those events on our reported results, were as follows:
•   during 2015, $8 million of franchise repositioning related expense was recorded as non-interest expense. this resulted in a negative impact of $0.01 per common share in 2015.
37
the following table reflects the earnings impact of the above-mentioned significant items for periods affected by this results of operations discussion:
table 3 - significant items influencing earnings performance comparison
(dollar amounts in millions, except per share amounts)   2017                                   2016                                                                         2015
amount                                                                    eps (1)               amount              eps (1)                     amount        eps (1)
net income                                               $1,186                                      $712                                      $693
earnings per share, after-tax                                                  $1.00                                     $0.70                                     $0.81
significant items-favorable (unfavorable) impact:        earnings              eps                   earnings            eps                   earnings            eps federal tax reform-related tax benefit                   $-                                          $-                                        $-
tax impact                                               123                                         -                                         -
federal tax reform-related tax benefit, after-tax        $123                  $0.11                 $-                  $-                    $-                  $-
mergers and acquisitions, net expenses                   $(152       )                               $(282     )                               $(9       )
tax impact                                               53                                     95                                                   3
mergers and acquisitions, after-tax                      $(99        )         $(0.09      )         $(187     )         $(0.20      )         $(6       )         $(0.01      )
litigation reserves                                      $-                                          $42                                       $(38      )
tax impact                                               -                                           (15       )                                    13
litigation reserves, after-tax                           $-                    $-                    $27                 $0.03                 $(25      )         $(0.03      )
franchise repositioning related expense                  $-                                          $-                                        $(8       )
tax impact                                               -                                           -                                               3
franchise repositioning related expense, after-tax       $-                    $-                    $-                  $-                    $(5       )         $(0.01      )
(1)   based upon the annual average outstanding diluted common shares.
net interest income / average balance sheet our primary source of revenue is net interest income, which is the difference between interest income from earning assets (primarily loans, securities, and direct financing leases), and interest expense of funding sources (primarily interest-bearing deposits and borrowings). earning asset balances and related funding sources, as well as changes in the levels of interest rates, impact net interest income. the difference between the average yield on earning assets and the average rate paid for interest-bearing liabilities is the net interest spread. noninterest-bearing sources of funds, such as demand deposits and shareholders' equity, also support earning assets. the impact of the noninterest-bearing sources of funds, often referred to as "free" funds, is captured in the net interest margin, which is calculated as net interest income divided by average earning assets. both the net interest margin and net interest spread are presented on a fully-taxable equivalent basis, which means that tax-free interest income has been adjusted to a pretax equivalent income, assuming a 35% tax rate.
the following table shows changes in fully-taxable equivalent interest income, interest expense, and net interest income due to volume and rate variances for major categories of earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities:
table 4 - change in net interest income due to changes in average volume and interest rates (1)
2017                                                                                                                                                                                                              2016
(dollar amounts in millions)                                                           increase (decrease) fromprevious year due to                                       increase (decrease) fromprevious year due to fully-taxable equivalent basis (2)                                   volume                  yield/rate                       total                     volume                  yield/rate                       total loans and leases                                                $423                        $234                        $657                       $332                         $88                        $420
investment securities                                            157                           6                         163                        105                          (8      )                   97
other earning assets                                             (14      )                    2                         (12      )                  12                          (1      )                   11
total interest income from earning assets                        566                         242                         808                        449                          79                         528
deposits                                                          29                          49                          78                         16                           5                          21
short-term borrowings                                              7                          13                          20                          -                           3                           3
long-term debt                                                    17                          53                          70                         42                          33                          75
total interest expense of interest-bearing liabilities            53                         115                         168                         58                          41                          99
net interest income                                             $513                        $127                        $640                       $391                         $38                        $429
(1)   the change in interest rates due to both rate and volume has been allocated between the factors in proportion to the relationship of the absolute dollar amounts of the change in each.
(2)   calculated assuming a 35% tax rate.
38
table 5 - consolidated average balance sheet and net interest margin analysis
(dollar amounts in millions)                                                                                                                                                  average balances change from 2016                                             change from 2015
fully-taxable equivalent basis (1)                             2017                amount           percent                  2016                amount          percent                  2015
assets interest-bearing deposits in banks                         $99                   $(1    )          (1    )%             $100                   $10              11     %              $90
securities:
trading account securities                                 102                    35               52                     67                    21              46                     46
available-for-sale and other securities:
taxable                                                 12,487                 3,209               35                  9,278                 1,279              16                  7,999
tax-exempt                                               3,181                   465               17                  2,716                   641              31                  2,075
total available-for-sale and other securities           15,668                 3,674               31                 11,994                 1,920              19                 10,074
held-to-maturity securities-taxable                      8,108                 2,415               42                  5,693                 2,180              62                  3,513
total securities                                        23,878                 6,124               34                 17,754                 4,121              30                 13,633
loans held for sale                                        555                  (499    )         (47     )            1,054                   400              61                    654
loans and leases: (2)
commercial:
commercial and industrial                               27,749                 4,065               17                 23,684                 3,950              20                 19,734
commercial real estate:
construction                                             1,198                   110               10                  1,088                    71               7                  1,017
commercial                                               6,010                 1,091               22                  4,919                   709              17                  4,210
commercial real estate                                   7,208                 1,201               20                  6,007                   780              15                  5,227
total commercial                                        34,957                 5,266               18                 29,691                 4,730              19                 24,961
consumer:
automobile loans and leases                             11,519                   979                9                 10,540                 1,780              20                  8,760
home equity                                              9,994                   936               10                  9,058                   564               7                  8,494
residential mortgage                                     8,245                 1,515               23                  6,730                   780              13                  5,950
rv and marine finance                                    2,155                 1,462              211                    693                   693             100                      -
other consumer                                           1,021                   279               38                    742                   261              54                    481
total consumer                                          32,934                 5,171               19                 27,763                 4,078              17                 23,685
total loans and leases                                  67,891                10,437               18                 57,454                 8,808              18                 48,646
allowance for loan and lease losses                       (667    )              (53    )           9                   (614    )               (8    )          1                   (606    )
net loans and leases                                    67,224                10,384               18                 56,840                 8,800              18                 48,040
total earning assets                                    92,423                16,061               21                 76,362                13,339              21                 63,023
cash and due from banks                                  1,453                   233               19                  1,220                    (3    )          -                  1,223
intangible assets                                        2,366                 1,007               74                  1,359                   656              93                    703
all other assets                                         5,446                   719               15                  4,727                   510              12                  4,217
total assets                                          $101,021               $17,967               22     %          $83,054               $14,494              21     %          $68,560
liabilities and shareholders' equity deposits:
demand deposits-noninterest-bearing                    $21,699                $2,654               14     %          $19,045                $2,703              17     %          $16,342
demand deposits-interest-bearing                        17,580                 6,595               60                 10,985                 4,412              67                  6,573
total demand deposits                                   39,279                 9,249               31                 30,030                 7,115              31                 22,915
money market deposits                                   19,735                   666                3                 19,069                  (314    )         (2     )           19,383
savings and other domestic deposits                     11,697                 3,716               47                  7,981                 2,761              53                  5,220
core certificates of deposit                             2,119                  (181    )          (8     )            2,300                  (303    )        (12     )            2,603
total core deposits                                     72,830                13,450               23                 59,380                 9,259              18                 50,121
other domestic time deposits of $250,000 or more           445                    37                9                    408                   152              59                    256
brokered time deposits and negotiable cds                3,675                   176                5                  3,499                   746              27                  2,753
deposits in foreign offices                                  -                  (204    )        (100     )              204                  (298    )        (59     )              502
total deposits                                          76,950                13,459               21                 63,491                 9,859              18                 53,632
short-term borrowings                                    2,923                 1,393               91                  1,530                   184              14                  1,346
long-term debt                                           8,862                   814               10                  8,048                 2,463              44                  5,585
total interest-bearing liabilities                      67,036                13,012               24                 54,024                 9,803              22                 44,221
all other liabilities                                    1,675                    81                5                  1,594                   133               9                  1,461
shareholders' equity                                    10,611                 2,220               26                  8,391                 1,855              28                  6,536
total liabilities and shareholders' equity            $101,021               $17,967               22     %          $83,054               $14,494              21     %          $68,560
(1)   fte yields are calculated assuming a 35% tax rate.
(2)   for purposes of this analysis, nonaccrual loans are reflected in the average balances of loans.
(3)   yield/rates and amounts include the effects of hedge and risk management activities associated with the respective asset and liability categories.
39
table 5 - consolidated average balance sheet and net interest margin analysis (continued)
(dollar amounts in millions)
interest income / expense                                               average rate (2)
fully-taxable equivalent basis (1)                               2017                        2016                        2015                 2017                 2016                 2015
assets interest-bearing deposits in banks                          $2                          $-                          $-                 1.56      %          0.44      %          0.10      %
securities:
trading account securities                                   -                           -                           -                 0.18                 0.42                 1.06
available-for-sale and other securities:
taxable                                                    303                         222                         202                 2.43                 2.39                 2.53
tax-exempt                                                 118                          91                          65                 3.71                 3.35                 3.11
total available-for-sale and other securities              421                         313                         267                 2.69                 2.61                 2.65
held-to-maturity securities-taxable                        193                         138                          87                 2.38                 2.43                 2.47
total securities                                           614                         451                         354                 2.57                 2.54                 2.60
loans held for sale                                         21                          35                          24                 3.75                 3.27                 3.64
loans and leases: (2)
commercial:
commercial and industrial                                1,142                         879                         700                 4.12                 3.71                 3.55
commercial real estate:
construction                                                52                          40                          37                 4.36                 3.72                 3.63
commercial                                                 240                         176                         147                 4.00                 3.57                 3.48
commercial real estate                                     292                         216                         184                 4.06                 3.60                 3.51
total commercial                                         1,434                       1,095                         884                 4.11                 3.69                 3.54
consumer:
automobile loans and leases                                412                         351                         282                 3.58                 3.32                 3.22
home equity                                                463                         381                         340                 4.63                 4.21                 4.01
residential mortgage                                       301                         244                         221                 3.65                 3.63                 3.71
rv and marine finance                                      118                          39                           -                 5.46                 5.67                    -
other consumer                                             118                          79                          42                11.53                10.62                 8.71
total consumer                                           1,412                       1,094                         885                 4.28                 3.94                 3.74
total loans and leases                                   2,846                       2,189                       1,769                 4.19                 3.81                 3.64
total earning assets                                    $3,483                      $2,675                      $2,147                 3.77      %          3.50      %          3.41      %
liabilities and shareholders' equity deposits:
demand deposits-noninterest-bearing                         $-                          $-                          $-                    -      %             -      %             -      %
demand deposits-interest-bearing                            38                          11                           4                 0.21                 0.10                 0.07
total demand deposits                                       38                          11                           4                 0.10                 0.04                 0.02
money market deposits                                       66                          46                          43                 0.33                 0.24                 0.22
savings and other domestic deposits                         24                          15                           7                 0.21                 0.19                 0.14
core certificates of deposit                                13                          13                          21                 0.60                 0.56                 0.79
total core deposits                                        141                          85                          75                 0.27                 0.21                 0.22
other domestic time deposits of $250,000 or more             2                           2                           1                 0.52                 0.40                 0.42
brokered time deposits and negotiable cds                   37                          15                           5                 1.00                 0.43                 0.17
deposits in foreign offices                                  -                           -                           1                    -                 0.13                 0.13
total deposits                                             180                         102                          82                 0.33                 0.23                 0.22
short-term borrowings                                       25                           5                           2                 0.86                 0.34                 0.12
long-term debt                                             226                         156                          80                 2.56                 1.93                 1.43
total interest-bearing liabilities                         431                         263                         164                 0.64                 0.48                 0.37
net interest income                                     $3,052                      $2,412                      $1,983
net interest rate spread                                                                                                               3.13                 3.02                 3.04
impact of noninterest-bearing funds on margin                                                                                          0.17                 0.14                 0.11
net interest margin                                                                                                                    3.30      %          3.16      %          3.15      %
(1)   fte yields are calculated assuming a 35% tax rate.
(2)   for purposes of this analysis, nonaccrual loans are reflected in the average balances of loans.
(3)   yield/rates and amounts include the effects of hedge and risk management activities associated with the respective asset and liability categories.
40
2017 versus 2016
fully-taxable equivalent (fte) net interest income for 2017 increased $640 million, or 27%, from 2016. this reflected the impact of 21% average earning asset growth, a 14 basis point increase in the nim to 3.30%, partially offset by 24% average interest-bearing liability growth. average earning asset growth included a $10.4 billion, or 18%, increase in average loans and leases and a $6.1 billion, or 34%, increase in average securities. the nim expansion reflected a 27 basis point positive impact from the mix and yield on earning assets and a 3 basis point increase in the benefit from noninterest-bearing funding, partially offset by a 16 basis point increase in funding costs.
average earning assets for 2017 increased $16.1 billion, or 21%, from the prior year, primarily reflecting the full year impact of the firstmerit acquisition. average loans and leases increased $10.4 billion, or 18%, including a $4.1 billion, or 17%, increase in average c&i loans and leases primarily driven by an increase in commercial middle market and specialty banking, a $1.5 billion, or 23%, increase in residential mortgage loans reflecting the benefit of the ongoing expansion of the home lending business, a $1.5 billion or 211%, increase in rv and marine finance loans reflecting the success of the well-managed expansion of the acquired business into 17 new states over the past year and a $1.0 billion, or 9%, increase in automobile loans reflecting continued strength in new and used automobile originations across our 23-state auto finance lending footprint. average securities increased $6.1 billion, or 34%, which included $2.9 billion of direct purchase municipal instruments in our commercial banking segment, up from $2.1 billion in the year-ago period.
average total deposits for 2017 increased $13.5 billion, or 21%, from the prior year, while average total core deposits increased $13.5 billion, or 23%, including a $9.2 billion, or 31%, increase in average demand deposits and a $3.7 billion, or 47%, increase in average savings and other domestic deposits. average total interest-bearing liabilities increased $13.0 billion, or 24%, from the prior year. these increases primarily reflect the full year impact of the firstmerit acquisition. average long-term borrowings increased $0.8 billion, or 10%, reflecting the issuance of $1.7 billion and maturity of $0.8 billion of senior debt during 2017.
2016 versus 2015
fully-taxable equivalent net interest income for 2016 increased $429 million, or 22%, from 2015. this reflected the impact of 21% earning asset growth, a 1 basis point increase in the nim to 3.16%, partially offset by 22% interest-bearing liability growth. average earning asset growth included $4.1 billion, or 30%, increase in average securities, a $4.0 billion, or 20% increase in average c&i loans and leases, and a $1.8 billion, or 20% increase in average automobile loans. the nim expansion reflected a 9 basis point positive impact from the mix and yield on earning assets and a 3 basis point increase in the benefit from noninterest-bearing funding, partially offset by an 11 basis point increase in funding costs.
average earning assets for 2016 increased $13.3 billion, or 21%, from the prior year, primarily reflecting the impact of the firstmerit acquisition, as well as the reinvestment of cash flows and additional investment in lcr level 1 qualifying securities. average securities increased $4.1 billion, or 30%, which included $2.1 billion of direct purchase municipal instruments in our commercial banking segment, up from $1.7 billion in the year-ago period. average c&i loans and leases increased $4.0 billion, or 20%, which reflected organic growth in equipment finance leases, automobile dealer floorplan lending, and corporate banking. average automobile loans increased $1.8 billion, or 20% reflecting continued strength in new and used automobile originations, while maintaining our underwriting consistency and discipline. the increase was partially offset by the $1.5 billion auto loan securitization during the 2016 fourth quarter.
average noninterest-bearing demand deposits increased $2.7 billion, or 17%, from the prior year, while average total interest-bearing liabilities increased $9.8 billion, or 22%. average interest-bearing demand deposits increased $4.4 billion, or 67%. savings and other domestic deposits increased $2.8 billion, or 53%, reflecting continued banker focus across all segments on obtaining our customers' full deposit relationship. average long-term debt increased $2.4 billion, or 44%, reflecting the issuance of $2.0 billion of senior debt during 2016, as well as $0.5 billion of subordinate debt assumed during the firstmerit acquisition.
provision for credit losses
(this section should be read in conjunction with the credit risk section.)
the provision for credit losses is the expense necessary to maintain the alll and the aulc at levels appropriate to absorb our estimate of credit losses inherent in the loan and lease portfolio and the portfolio of unfunded loan commitments and letters-of-credit.
the provision for credit losses in 2017 was $201 million, up $10 million, or 5%, from 2016. the increase in provision expense over the prior year was primarily the result of loan growth.
the provision for credit losses in 2016 was $191 million, up $91 million, or 91%, from 2015. the higher provision expense was due to several factors, including the migration of the acquired loan portfolio to the originated portfolio, which requires a reserve build, portfolio growth and continued transitioning of the firstmerit portfolio to our reserve methodology. ncos represented 19 basis points of average loans and leases, consistent with 2015, and below our long-term target of 35 to 55 basis points.
41
noninterest income the following table reflects noninterest income for the past three years:
table 6 - noninterest income year ended december 31,
(dollar amounts in millions)                                                 change from 2016                                         change from 2015
2017                                                                 amount           percent                2016             amount           percent                2015
service charges on deposit accounts             $353               $29                9     %            $324               $44               16     %            $280
cards and payment processing income              206                37               22                   169                26               18                   143
trust and investment management services         156                33               27                   123                 7                6                   116
mortgage banking income                          131                 3                2                   128                16               14                   112
insurance income                                  81                (3    )          (4     )              84                 3                4                    81
capital markets fees                              76                16               27                    60                 6               11                    54
bank owned life insurance income                  67                 9               16                    58                 6               12                    52
gain on sale of loans                             56                 9               19                    47                14               42                    33
securities gains (losses)                         (4   )            (4    )        (100     )               -                (1    )        (100     )               1
other income                                     185                28               18                   157               (10    )          (6     )             167
total noninterest income                      $1,307              $157               14     %          $1,150              $111               11     %          $1,039
2017 versus 2016
noninterest income for 2017 increased $157 million, or 14%, from the prior year, reflecting the full year impact of the firstmerit acquisition. card and payment processing income increased $37 million, or 22%, due to higher credit and debit card related income and underlying customer growth. trust and investment management services increased $33 million, or 27%, and service charges on deposit accounts increased $29 million, or 9%, reflecting market growth and ongoing customer acquisition. other income increased $28 million, or 18%, primarily reflecting increases in servicing income, mezzanine lending, loan syndication fees and commitment fees. capital markets fees increased $16 million, or 27%, reflecting our ongoing strategic focus on expanding the business. bank owned life insurance increased $9 million, or 16%. gain on sale of loans increased $9 million, or 19%, as a result of continued expansion of our sba lending business during 2017 which more than offset gains in the prior year from our balance sheet optimization strategy and the auto securitization completed in the 2016 fourth quarter. these increases were partially offset by a $4 million decline in securities gains and a $3 million decline in insurance income.
2016 versus 2015
noninterest income for 2016 increased $111 million, or 11%, from the prior year, reflecting the impact of the firstmerit acquisition. service charges on deposit accounts increased $44 million, or 16%, reflecting the benefit of continued new customer acquisition. card and payment processing income increased $26 million, or 18%, due to higher credit and debit card related income and underlying customer growth. mortgage banking income increased $16 million, or 15%, reflecting a 24% increase in mortgage origination volume. gain on sale of loans increased $14 million, or 43%, reflecting an increase of $6 million in sba loan sales gains. in addition, there was a $7 million gain on non-relationship c&i and cre loan sales, which was related to the balance sheet optimization strategy completed in the 2016 fourth quarter.
42
noninterest expense
(this section should be read in conjunction with significant items section.)
the following table reflects noninterest expense for the past three years:
table 7 - noninterest expense year ended december 31,
(dollar amounts in millions)                                                                            change from 2016                                                         change from 2015
2017                                                                                         amount              percent                        2016                      amount          percent                2015
personnel costs                                           $1,524                        $175                   13      %               $1,349                        $227                20     %          $1,122
outside data processing and other services                   313                           8                    3                         305                          74                32                   231
net occupancy                                                212                          59                   39                         153                          31                25                   122
equipment                                                    171                           6                    4                         165                          40                32                   125
deposit and other insurance expense                           78                          24                   44                          54                           9                20                    45
professional services                                         69                         (36      )           (34      )                  105                          55               110                    50
marketing                                                     60                          (3      )            (5      )                   63                          11                21                    52
amortization of intangibles                                   56                          26                   87                          30                           2                 7                    28
other expense                                                231                          47                   26                         184                         (17      )         (8     )             201
total noninterest expense                                 $2,714                        $306                   13      %               $2,408                        $432                22     %          $1,976
number of employees (average full-time equivalent)        15,770                       1,912                   14      %               13,858                       1,615                13     %          12,243
impact of significant items:
year ended december 31,
(dollar amounts in millions)                                       2017                2016                2015
personnel costs                                                $42                 $76                  $5
outside data processing and other services                      24                  46                   4
net occupancy                                                   52                  15                   5
equipment                                                       16                  25                   -
professional services                                           10                  58                   5
marketing                                                        1                   5                   -
other expense                                                    9                  14                  39
total impact of significant items on noninterest expense      $154                $239                 $58
adjusted noninterest expense (see non-gaap financial measures in the additional disclosures section):
year ended december 31, change from 2016                                                  change from 2015
(dollar amounts in millions)                               2017                  amount           percent                    2016                  amount           percent                    2015
personnel costs                                    $1,482                    $209                16     %            $1,273                    $156                14     %            $1,117
outside data processing and other services            289                      30                12                     259                      32                14                     227
net occupancy                                         160                      22                16                     138                      21                18                     117
equipment                                             155                      15                11                     140                      15                12                     125
deposit and other insurance expense                    78                      24                44                      54                       9                20                      45
professional services                                  59                      12                26                      47                       2                 4                      45
marketing                                              59                       1                 2                      58                       6                12                      52
amortization of intangibles                            56                      26                87                      30                       2                 7                      28
other expense                                         222                      52                31                     170                       8                 5                     162
total adjusted noninterest expense (non-gaap)      $2,560                    $391                18     %            $2,169                    $251                13     %            $1,918
43
2017 versus 2016
reported noninterest expense for 2017 increased $306 million, or 13%, from the prior year, reflecting the full year impact of the first merit acquisition. personnel costs increased $175 million, or 13%, primarily reflecting the full year impact of the addition of colleagues from firstmerit. net occupancy expense increased $59 million, or 39%, primarily reflecting $52 million of acquisition-related expense. other expense increased $47 million, or 26%, reflecting the full impact of firstmerit. amortization of intangibles increased $26 million, or 87%, reflecting the full year impact of amortizing firstmerit related intangibles. deposit and other insurance expense increased $24 million, or 44%, reflecting the increase in the assessment base. partially offsetting these increases, professional services decreased $36 million, or 34% reflecting a reduction in legal and consultation fees partially attributable to acquisition-related expense.
2016 versus 2015
reported noninterest expense for 2016 increased $432 million, or 22%, from the prior year. personnel costs increased $227 million, or 20%, reflecting an increase in the number of average full-time equivalent employees largely related to the in-store branch expansion and the addition of colleagues from firstmerit. outside data processing and other services increased $74 million, or 32%, reflecting $46 million of acquisition-related expense and ongoing technology investments. professional services increased $55 million, or 110%, reflecting $58 million of acquisition-related expense. equipment expense increased $40 million, or 32%, reflecting $25 million of acquisition-related expense. net occupancy expense increased $31 million, or 25%, reflecting $15 million of acquisition-related expense. partially offsetting these increases, other expense decreased $17 million, or 8% reflecting a $42 million reduction to litigation reserves which was predominately offset by a $40 million contribution in the 2016 fourth quarter to achieve the philanthropic plans related to firstmerit.
provision for income taxes
(this section should be read in conjunction with note 1 and note 17 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.)
2017 versus 2016
the provision for income taxes was $208 million for 2017 and 2016. both years included the benefits from tax-exempt income, tax-advantaged investments, general business credits, investments in qualified affordable housing projects, excess tax deductions for stock-based compensation, and capital losses. 2017 also includes a $123 million tax benefit related to the federal tax reform enacted on december 22, 2017, which is primarily attributed to the revaluation of net deferred tax liabilities at the lower statutory federal income tax rate. as of december 31, 2017 and 2016 there was no valuation allowance on federal deferred taxes. in 2017 and 2016 there was essentially no change recorded in the provision for state income taxes, net of federal, for the portion of state deferred tax assets and state net operating loss carryforwards that are more likely than not to be realized. at december 31, 2017, we had a net federal deferred tax liability of $57 million and a net state deferred tax asset of $25 million.
we file income tax returns with the irs and various state, city, and foreign jurisdictions. federal income tax audits have been completed for tax years through 2009. the irs is currently examining our 2010 and 2011 consolidated federal income tax returns. while the statute of limitations remains open for tax years 2012 through 2016, the irs has advised that tax years 2012 through 2014 will not be audited, and plans to begin the examination of the 2015 federal income tax return during the 2018 first quarter. various state and other jurisdictions remain open to examination, including ohio, kentucky, indiana, michigan, pennsylvania, west virginia, wisconsin and illinois.
2016 versus 2015
the provision for income taxes was $208 million for 2016 compared with a provision for income taxes of $221 million in 2015. both years included the benefits from tax-exempt income, tax-advantaged investments, general business credits, investments in qualified affordable housing projects, and capital losses. as of december 31, 2016, there was no valuation allowance on federal deferred taxes. in 2015, a $69 million reduction in the 2015 provision for federal income taxes was recorded for the portion of federal capital loss carryforward deferred tax assets that are more likely than not to be realized. in 2016 and 2015, there was essentially no change recorded in the provision for state income taxes, net of federal taxes, for the portion of state deferred tax assets and state net operating loss carryforwards that are more likely than not to be realized.
risk management and capital risk governance we use a multi-faceted approach to risk governance. it begins with the board of directors defining our risk appetite as aggregate moderate-to-low. this does not preclude engagement in select higher risk activities. rather, the definition is intended to represent an aggregate view of where we want our overall risk to be managed.
44
three board committees primarily oversee implementation of this desired risk appetite and monitoring of our risk profile:
•   the audit committee oversees the integrity of the consolidated financial statements, including policies, procedures, and practices regarding the preparation of financial statements, the financial reporting process, disclosures, and internal control over financial reporting. the audit committee also provides assistance to the board in overseeing the internal audit division and the independent registered public accounting firm's qualifications and independence; compliance with our financial code of ethics for the chief executive officer and senior financial officers; and compliance with corporate securities trading policies.
•   the risk oversight committee (roc) assists the board of directors in overseeing management of material risks, the approval and monitoring of the company's capital position and plan supporting our overall aggregate moderate-to-low risk profile, the risk governance structure, compliance with applicable laws and regulations, and determining adherence to the board's stated risk appetite. the committee has oversight responsibility with respect to the full range of inherent risks: market, credit, liquidity, legal, compliance/regulatory, operational, strategic, and reputational. this committee also oversees our capital management and planning process, ensures that the amount and quality of capital are adequate in relation to expected and unexpected risks, and that our capital levels exceed "well-capitalized" requirements.
•   the technology committee assists the board of directors in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities with respect to all technology, cyber security, and third-party risk management strategies and plans. the committee is charged with evaluating huntington's capability to properly perform all technology functions necessary for its business plan, including projected growth, technology capacity, planning, operational execution, product development, and management capacity. the committee provides oversight of technology investments and plans to drive efficiency as well as to meet defined standards for risk, information security, and redundancy. the committee oversees the allocation of technology costs and ensures that they are understood by the board of directors. the technology committee monitors and evaluates innovation and technology trends that may affect the company's strategic plans, including monitoring of overall industry trends. the technology committee reviews and provides oversight of the company's continuity and disaster recovery planning and preparedness.
the audit and risk oversight committees routinely hold executive sessions with our key officers engaged in accounting and risk management. on a periodic basis, the two committees meet in joint session to cover matters relevant to both, such as the construct and appropriateness of the acl, which is reviewed quarterly. all directors have access to information provided to each committee and all scheduled meetings are open to all directors.
further, through its compensation committee, the board of directors seeks to ensure its system of rewards is risk-sensitive and aligns the interests of management, creditors, and shareholders. we utilize a variety of compensation-related tools to induce appropriate behavior, including common stock ownership thresholds for the chief executive officer and certain members of senior management, a requirement to hold until retirement or exit from the company, a portion of net shares received upon exercise of stock options or release of restricted stock awards (50% for executive officers and 25% for other award recipients), equity deferrals, recoupment provisions, and the right to terminate compensation plans at any time.
management has implemented an enterprise risk management and risk appetite framework. critically important is our self-assessment process, in which each business segment produces an analysis of its risks and the strength of its risk controls. the segment analyses are combined with assessments by our risk management organization of major risk sectors (e.g., credit, market, liquidity, operational, legal, compliance, reputational, and strategic) to produce an overall enterprise risk assessment. outcomes of the process include a determination of the quality of the overall control process, the direction of risk, and our position compared to the defined risk appetite.
management also utilizes a wide series of metrics (key risk indicators) to monitor risk positions throughout the company. in general, a range for each metric is established, which allows the company, in aggregate, to operate within an aggregate moderate-to-low risk profile. deviations from the range will indicate if the risk being measured exceeds desired tolerance, which may then necessitate corrective action.
we also have four executive level committees to manage risk: alco, credit policy and strategy, risk management, and capital management. each committee focuses on specific categories of risk and is supported by a series of subcommittees that are tactical in nature. we believe this structure helps ensure appropriate escalation of issues and overall communication of strategies.
huntington utilizes three lines of defense with regard to risk management: (1) business segments, (2) corporate risk management, and (3) internal audit and credit review. to induce greater ownership of risk within its business segments, segment risk officers have been embedded in the business to identify and monitor risk, elevate and remediate issues, establish controls, perform self-testing, and oversee the self-assessment process. corporate risk management establishes policies, sets operating limits, reviews new or modified products/processes, ensures consistency and quality assurance within the segments, and produces the enterprise risk assessment. the chief risk officer has significant input into the design and outcome of incentive compensation plans as they apply to risk. internal audit and credit review provide additional assurance that risk-related functions are operating as intended.
a comprehensive discussion of risk management and capital matters affecting us can be found in the risk governance section included in item 1a and the regulatory matters section of item 1 of this form 10-k.
45
some of the more significant processes used to manage and control credit, market, liquidity, operational, and compliance risks are described in the following sections.
credit risk credit risk is the risk of financial loss if a counterparty is not able to meet the agreed upon terms of the financial obligation. the majority of our credit risk is associated with lending activities, as the acceptance and management of credit risk is central to profitable lending. we also have credit risk associated with our afs and htm securities portfolios (see note 5 and note 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements). we engage with other financial counterparties for a variety of purposes including investing, asset and liability management, mortgage banking, and trading activities. while there is credit risk associated with derivative activity, we believe this exposure is minimal. (see note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements)
we continue to focus on the identification, monitoring, and managing of our credit risk. in addition to the traditional credit risk mitigation strategies of credit policies and processes, market risk management activities, and portfolio diversification, we use quantitative measurement capabilities utilizing external data sources, enhanced modeling technology, and internal stress testing processes. our portfolio management resources demonstrate our commitment to maintaining an aggregate moderate-to-low risk profile. in our efforts to continue to identify risk mitigation techniques, we have focused on product design features, origination policies, and solutions for delinquent or stressed borrowers.
the maximum level of credit exposure to individual credit borrowers is limited by policy guidelines based on the perceived risk of each borrower or related group of borrowers. all authority to grant commitments is delegated through the independent credit administration function and is closely monitored and regularly updated. concentration risk is managed through limits on loan type, geography, industry, and loan quality factors. we focus predominantly on extending credit to retail and commercial customers with existing or expandable relationships within our primary banking markets, although we will consider lending opportunities outside our primary markets if we believe the associated risks are acceptable and aligned with strategic initiatives. although we offer a broad set of products, we continue to develop new lending products and opportunities. each of these new products and opportunities goes through a rigorous development and approval process prior to implementation to ensure our overall objective of maintaining an aggregate moderate-to-low risk portfolio profile.
the checks and balances in the credit process and the separation of the credit administration and risk management functions are designed to appropriately assess and sanction the level of credit risk being accepted, facilitate the early recognition of credit problems when they occur, and provide for effective problem asset management and resolution. for example, we do not extend additional credit to delinquent borrowers except in certain circumstances that substantially improve our overall repayment or collateral coverage position.
loan and lease credit exposure mix at december 31, 2017, our loans and leases totaled $70.1 billion, representing a $3.2 billion, or 5%, increase compared to $67.0 billion at december 31, 2016.
total commercial loans and leases were $35.3 billion at december 31, 2017, and represented 51% of our total loan and lease credit exposure. our commercial loan portfolio is diversified by product type, customer size, and geography within our footprint, and is comprised of the following (see commercial credit discussion):
c&i - c&i loans and leases are made to commercial customers for use in normal business operations to finance working capital needs, equipment purchases, or other projects. the majority of these borrowers are customers doing business within our geographic regions. c&i loans and leases are generally underwritten individually and secured with the assets of the company and/or the personal guarantee of the business owners. the financing of owner occupied facilities is considered a c&i loan even though there is improved real estate as collateral. this treatment is a result of the credit decision process, which focuses on cash flow from operations of the business to repay the debt. the operation, sale, rental, or refinancing of the real estate is not considered the primary repayment source for these types of loans. as we have expanded our c&i portfolio, we have developed a series of "vertical specialties" to ensure that new products or lending types are embedded within a structured, centralized commercial lending area with designated, experienced credit officers. these specialties are comprised of either targeted industries (for example, healthcare, food & agribusiness, energy, etc.) and/or lending disciplines (equipment finance, abl, etc.), all of which requires a high degree of expertise and oversight to effectively mitigate and monitor risk. as such, we have dedicated colleagues and teams focused on bringing value added expertise to these specialty clients.
cre - cre loans consist of loans to developers and reits supporting income-producing or for-sale commercial real estate properties. we mitigate our risk on these loans by requiring collateral values that exceed the loan amount and underwriting the loan with projected cash flow in excess of the debt service requirement. these loans are made to finance properties such as apartment buildings, office and industrial buildings, and retail shopping centers, and are repaid through cash flows related to the operation, sale, or refinance of the property. for loans secured by real estate, appropriate appraisals are obtained at origination and updated on an as needed basis in compliance with regulatory requirements.
46
construction cre - construction cre loans are loans to developers, companies, or individuals used for the construction of a commercial or residential property for which repayment will be generated by the sale or permanent financing of the property. our construction cre portfolio primarily consists of retail, multi family, office, and warehouse project types. generally, these loans are for construction projects that have been presold or preleased, or have secured permanent financing, as well as loans to real estate companies with significant equity invested in each project. these loans are underwritten and managed by a specialized real estate lending group that actively monitors the construction phase and manages the loan disbursements according to the predetermined construction schedule.
total consumer loans and leases were $34.8 billion at december 31, 2017, and represented 49% of our total loan and lease credit exposure. the consumer portfolio is comprised primarily of automobile loans, home equity lines-of-credit, and residential mortgages (see consumer credit discussion).
automobile - automobile loans are comprised primarily of loans made through automotive dealerships and include exposure in selected states outside of our primary banking markets. the exposure outside of our primary banking markets represents 20% of the total exposure, with no individual state representing more than 5%. applications are underwritten using an automated underwriting system that applies consistent policies and processes across the portfolio.
home equity - home equity lending includes both home equity loans and lines-of-credit. this type of lending, which is secured by a first-lien or junior-lien on the borrower's residence, allows customers to borrow against the equity in their home or refinance existing mortgage debt. products include closed-end loans which are generally fixed-rate with principal and interest payments, and variable-rate, interest-only lines-of-credit which do not require payment of principal during the 10-year revolving period. the home equity line of credit converts to a 20-year amortizing structure at the end of the revolving period. applications are underwritten centrally in conjunction with an automated underwriting system. the home equity underwriting criteria is based on minimum credit scores, debt-to-income ratios, and ltv ratios, with current collateral valuations. the underwriting for the floating rate lines of credit also incorporates a stress analysis for a rising interest rate.
residential mortgage - residential mortgage loans represent loans to consumers for the purchase or refinance of a residence. these loans are generally financed over a 15-year to 30-year term, and in most cases, are extended to borrowers to finance their primary residence. applications are underwritten centrally using consistent credit policies and processes. all residential mortgage loan decisions utilize a full appraisal for collateral valuation. huntington has not originated or acquired residential mortgages that allow negative amortization or allow the borrower multiple payment options.
rv and marine finance - rv and marine finance loans are loans provided to consumers for the purpose of financing recreational vehicles and boats. loans are originated on an indirect basis through a series of dealerships across 34 states. the loans are underwritten centrally using an application and decisioning system similar to automobile loans. the current portfolio includes 60% of the balances within our core footprint states.
other consumer - other consumer loans primarily consists of consumer loans not secured by real estate, including credit cards, personal unsecured loans, and overdraft balances. we originate these products within our established set of credit policies and guidelines.
the table below provides the composition of our total loan and lease portfolio:
table 8 - loan and lease portfolio composition at december 31,
(dollar amounts in millions)                        2017   2016                            2015                                                     2014                            2013
commercial:
commercial and industrial        $28,107          40   %         $28,059          42   %         $20,560          41   %         $19,033          40   %         $17,594          41   %
commercial real estate:
construction                       1,217           2               1,446           2               1,031           2                 875           2                 557           1
commercial                         6,008           9               5,855           9               4,237           8               4,322           9               4,293          10
commercial real estate             7,225          11               7,301          11               5,268          10               5,197          11               4,850          11
total commercial                  35,332          51              35,360          53              25,828          51              24,230          51              22,444          52
consumer:
automobile                        12,100          17              10,969          16               9,481          19               8,690          18               6,639          15
home equity                       10,099          14              10,106          15               8,471          17               8,491          18               8,336          19
residential mortgage               9,026          13               7,725          12               5,998          12               5,831          12               5,321          12
rv and marine finance              2,438           3               1,846           3                   -           -                   -           -                   -           -
other consumer                     1,122           2       956                     1       563                     1                 414           1                 380           2
total consumer                    34,785          49              31,602          47              24,513          49              23,426          49              20,676          48
total loans and leases           $70,117         100   %         $66,962         100   %         $50,341         100   %         $47,656         100   %         $43,120         100   %
47
our loan portfolio is composed of a managed mix of consumer and commercial credits. at the corporate level, we manage the overall credit exposure and portfolio composition in part via a credit concentration policy. the policy designates specific loan types, collateral types, and loan structures to be formally tracked and assigned maximum exposure limits as a percentage of capital. c&i lending by naics categories, specific limits for cre project types, loans secured by residential real estate, shared national credit exposure, and designated high risk loan definitions represent examples of specifically tracked components of our concentration management process. there are no identified concentrations that exceed the assigned exposure limit. our concentration management policy is approved by the roc of the board and is one of the strategies used to ensure a high quality, well diversified portfolio that is consistent with our overall objective of maintaining an aggregate moderate-to-low risk profile. changes to existing concentration limits require the approval of the roc prior to implementation, incorporating specific information relating to the potential impact on the overall portfolio composition and performance metrics.
the table below provides our total loan and lease portfolio segregated by industry type. the changes in industry composition from december 31, 2016 are consistent with the portfolio growth metrics.
table 9 - loan and lease portfolio by industry type
(dollar amounts in millions)                                              december 31,                        december 31,
2017                                2016
commercial loans and leases:
real estate and rental and leasing                          $7,378             11    %          $7,545             11    %
retail trade (1)                                             4,886              7                4,758              7
manufacturing                                                4,791              7                4,937              7
finance and insurance                                        3,044              4                2,010              3
health care and social assistance                            2,664              4                2,729              4
wholesale trade                                              2,291              3                2,071              3
accommodation and food services                              1,617              2                1,678              3
other services                                               1,296              2                1,223              2
professional, scientific, and technical services             1,257              2                1,264              2
transportation and warehousing                               1,243              2                1,366              2
construction                                                   976              1                  875              1
mining, quarrying, and oil and gas extraction                  694              1                  668              1
arts, entertainment, and recreation                            593              1                  556              1
admin./support/waste mgmt. and remediation services            561              1                  429              1
educational services                                           504              1                  501              1
information                                                    467              1                  473              1
utilities                                                      389              1                  470              1
public administration                                          255              -                  272              -
agriculture, forestry, fishing and hunting                     172              -                  151              -
unclassified/other                                             163              -                1,288              2
management of companies and enterprises                         91              -                   96              -
total commercial loans and leases by industry category      35,332             51    %          35,360             53    %
automobile                                                  12,100             17               10,969             16
home equity                                                 10,099             14               10,106             15
residential mortgage                                         9,026             13                7,725             12
rv and marine finance                                        2,438              3                1,846              3
other consumer loans                                         1,122              2                  956              1
total loans and leases                                     $70,117            100    %         $66,962            100    %
(1)   amounts include $3.2 billion of auto dealer services loans at both december 31, 2017 and december 31, 2016.
commercial credit the primary factors considered in commercial credit approvals are the financial strength of the borrower, assessment of the borrower's management capabilities, cash flows from operations, industry sector trends, type and sufficiency of collateral, type of exposure, transaction structure, and the general economic outlook. while these are the primary factors considered, there are a number of other factors that may be considered in the decision process. we utilize centralized preview and loan approval committees, led by our credit officers. the risk rating (see next paragraph), size, and complexity of the credit determines the threshold for approval. for loans not requiring loan committee approval, with the exception of small business loans, credit officers who understand each local region and are experienced in the industries and loan structures of the requested credit exposure are involved in all loan decisions and
48
have the primary credit authority. for small business loans, we utilize a centralized loan approval process for standard products and structures. in this centralized decision environment, certain individuals who understand each local region may make credit-extension decisions to preserve our commitment to the communities in which we operate. in addition to disciplined and consistent judgmental factors, a sophisticated credit scoring process is used as a primary evaluation tool in the determination of approving a loan within the centralized loan approval process.
in commercial lending, on-going credit management is dependent on the type and nature of the loan. we monitor all significant exposures on an on-going basis. all commercial credit extensions are assigned internal risk ratings reflecting the borrower's pd and lgd. this two-dimensional rating methodology provides granularity in the portfolio management process. the pd is rated and applied at the borrower level. the lgd is rated and applied based on the specific type of credit extension and the quality and lien position associated with the underlying collateral. the internal risk ratings are assessed at origination and updated at each periodic monitoring event. there is also extensive macro portfolio management analysis on an on-going basis. we continually review and adjust our risk-rating criteria based on actual experience, which provides us with the current risk level in the portfolio and is the basis for determining an appropriate allowance for credit losses (acl) amount for the commercial portfolio. a centralized portfolio management team monitors and reports on the performance of the entire commercial portfolio, including small business loans, to provide consistent oversight.
in addition to the initial credit analysis conducted during the approval process, our credit review group performs testing to provide an independent review and assessment of the quality and risk of new loan originations. this group is part of our risk management area and conducts portfolio reviews on a risk-based cycle to evaluate individual loans, validate risk ratings, and test the consistency of credit processes.
our standardized loan grading system considers many components that directly correlate to loan quality and likelihood of repayment, one of which is guarantor support. on an annual basis, or more frequently if warranted, we consider, among other things, the guarantor's reputation and creditworthiness, along with various key financial metrics such as liquidity and net worth, assuming such information is available. our assessment of the guarantor's credit strength, or lack thereof, is reflected in our risk ratings for such loans, which is directly tied to, and an integral component of, our acl methodology. when a loan goes to impaired status, viable guarantor support is considered in the determination of a credit loss.
if our assessment of the guarantor's credit strength yields an inherent capacity to perform, we will seek repayment from the guarantor as part of the collection process and have done so successfully.
substantially all loans categorized as classified (see note 4 of notes to consolidated financial statements) are managed by sad. sad is a specialized group of credit professionals that handle the day-to-day management of workouts, commercial recoveries, and problem loan sales. its responsibilities include developing and implementing action plans, assessing risk ratings, and determining the appropriateness of the allowance, the accrual status, and the ultimate collectability of the classified loan portfolio.
c&i portfolio we manage the risks inherent in the c&i portfolio through origination policies, a defined loan concentration policy with established limits, on-going loan level reviews and portfolio level reviews, recourse requirements, and continuous portfolio risk management activities. our origination policies for the c&i portfolio include loan product-type specific policies such as ltv and debt service coverage ratios, as applicable.
the c&i portfolio continues to have solid origination activity while we maintain a focus on high quality originations. problem loans had trended downward over the last several years, reflecting a combination of proactive risk identification and effective workout strategies implemented by the sad department. we continue to maintain a proactive approach to identifying borrowers that may be facing financial difficulty in order to maximize the potential solutions. subsequent to the origination of the loan, the credit review group provides an independent review and assessment of the quality of the underwriting and risk of new loan originations.
cre portfolio we manage the risks inherent in this portfolio specific to cre lending, focusing on the quality of the developer and the specifics associated with each project. generally, we: (1) limit our loans to 80% of the appraised value of the commercial real estate at origination, (2) require net operating cash flows to be 125% of required interest and principal payments, and (3) if the commercial real estate is non-owner occupied, require that at least 50% of the space of the project be pre-leased. we actively monitor both geographic and project-type concentrations and performance metrics of all cre loan types, with a focus on loans identified as higher risk based on the risk rating methodology. both macro-level and loan-level stress-test scenarios based on existing and forecast market conditions are part of the on-going portfolio management process for the cre portfolio.
dedicated real estate professionals originate and manage the portfolio. the portfolio is diversified by project type and loan size, and this diversification represents a significant portion of the credit risk management strategies employed for this portfolio. subsequent to the origination of the loan, the credit review group provides an independent review and assessment of the quality of the underwriting and risk of new loan originations.
appraisal values are obtained in conjunction with all originations and renewals, and on an as needed basis, in compliance with regulatory requirements and to ensure appropriate decisions regarding the on-going management of the portfolio reflect the changing
49
market conditions. appraisals are obtained from approved vendors and are reviewed by an internal appraisal review group comprised of certified appraisers to ensure the quality of the valuation used in the underwriting process. we continue to perform on-going portfolio level reviews within the cre portfolio. these reviews generate action plans based on occupancy levels or sales volume associated with the projects being reviewed. this highly individualized process requires working closely with all of our borrowers, as well as an in-depth knowledge of cre project lending and the market environment.
consumer credit consumer credit approvals are based on, among other factors, the financial strength and payment history of the borrower, type of exposure, and transaction structure. consumer credit decisions are generally made in a centralized environment utilizing decision models. importantly, certain individuals who understand each local region have the authority to make credit extension decisions to preserve our focus on the local communities in which we operate. each credit extension is assigned a specific pd and lgd. the pd is generally based on the borrower's most recent credit bureau score (fico), which we update quarterly, providing an ongoing view of the borrowers pd. the lgd is related to the type of collateral associated with the credit extension, which typically does not change over the course of the loan term. this allows huntington to maintain a current view of the customer for credit risk management and acl purposes.
in consumer lending, credit risk is managed from a segment (i.e., loan type, collateral position, geography, etc.) and vintage performance analysis. all portfolio segments are continuously monitored for changes in delinquency trends and other asset quality indicators. we make extensive use of portfolio assessment models to continuously monitor the quality of the portfolio, which may result in changes to future origination strategies. the ongoing analysis and review process results in a determination of an appropriate alll amount for our consumer loan portfolio. the independent risk management group has a consumer process review component to ensure the effectiveness and efficiency of the consumer credit processes.
collection actions by our customer assistance team are initiated as needed through a centrally managed collection and recovery function. we employ a series of collection methodologies designed to maintain a high level of effectiveness, while maximizing efficiency. in addition to the consumer loan portfolio, the customer assistance team is responsible for collection activity on all sold and securitized consumer loans and leases. collection practices include a single contact point for the majority of the residential real estate secured portfolios.
automobile portfolio our strategy in the automobile portfolio continues to focus on high quality borrowers as measured by both fico and internal custom scores, combined with appropriate ltvs, terms, and profitability. our strategy and operational capabilities allow us to appropriately manage the origination quality across the entire portfolio, including our newer markets. although increased origination volume and entering new markets can be associated with increased risk levels, we believe our disciplined strategy and operational processes significantly mitigate these risks.
we have continued to consistently execute our value proposition and take advantage of available market opportunities. importantly, we have maintained our high credit quality standards while expanding the portfolio.
residential real estate secured portfolios the properties securing our residential mortgage and home equity portfolios are primarily located within our geographic footprint. huntington continues to support our local markets with consistent underwriting across all residential secured products. the residential-secured portfolio originations continue to be of high quality, with the majority of the negative credit impact coming from loans originated in 2006 and earlier. our portfolio management strategies associated with our home savers group allow us to focus on effectively helping our customers with appropriate solutions for their specific circumstances.
huntington underwrites all residential mortgage applications centrally, with a focus on higher quality borrowers. we do not originate residential mortgages that allow negative amortization or allow the borrower multiple payment options and have incorporated regulatory requirements and guidance into our underwriting process. residential mortgages are originated based on a completed full appraisal during the credit underwriting process. we update values in compliance with applicable regulations to facilitate our portfolio management, as well as our workout and loss mitigation functions.
we are subject to repurchase risk associated with residential mortgage loans sold in the secondary market. an appropriate level of reserve for representations and warranties related to residential mortgage loans sold has been established to address this repurchase risk inherent in the portfolio.
rv and marine finance portfolio our strategy in the rv and marine portfolio focuses on high quality borrowers, combined with appropriate ltvs, terms, and profitability. although entering new markets can be associated with increased risk levels, we believe our disciplined strategy and operational processes significantly mitigate these risks.
50
credit quality
(this section should be read in conjunction with note 4 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.)
we believe the most meaningful way to assess overall credit quality performance is through an analysis of credit quality performance ratios. this approach forms the basis of most of the discussion in the sections immediately following: npas and nals, tdrs, acl, and ncos. in addition, we utilize delinquency rates, risk distribution and migration patterns, and product segmentation in the analysis of our credit quality performance.
credit quality performance in 2017 reflected continued overall positive results with stable levels of delinquencies and a 19% decline in npas from the prior year. total ncos were $159 million or 0.23% of average total loans and leases, an increase from $109 million or 0.19% in the prior year. this was driven by an increase in losses in the consumer portfolio, as expected based on portfolio growth. the alll to total loans and leases ratio increased by 4 basis points to 0.99% while the acl to total loans and leases ratio increased by 1 basis point to 1.11%, reflecting the impact of the firstmerit acquisition as acquired loans are recorded at fair value with no associated alll on the date of acquisition.
npas and nals npas consist of (1) nals, which represent loans and leases no longer accruing interest, (2) oreo properties, and (3) other npas. any loan in our portfolio may be placed on nonaccrual status prior to the policies described below when collection of principal or interest is in doubt. also, when a borrower with discharged non-reaffirmed debt in a chapter 7 bankruptcy is identified and the loan is determined to be collateral dependent, the loan is placed on nonaccrual status.
c&i and cre loans (except for purchased credit impaired loans) are placed on nonaccrual status at 90-days past due, or earlier if repayment of principal and interest is in doubt. of the $190 million of cre and c&i-related nals at december 31, 2017, $108 million, or 57%, represented loans that were less than 30-days past due, demonstrating our continued commitment to proactive credit risk management. with the exception of residential mortgage loans guaranteed by government organizations which continue to accrue interest, first lien loans secured by residential mortgage collateral are placed on nonaccrual status at 150-days past due. junior-lien home equity loans are placed on nonaccrual status at the earlier of 120-days past due or when the related first-lien loan has been identified as nonaccrual. automobile, rv and marine finance and other consumer loans are charged-off at 120-days past due.
when loans are placed on nonaccrual, accrued interest income is reversed with current year accruals charged to interest income and prior year amounts generally charged-off as a credit loss. when, in our judgment, the borrower's ability to make required interest and principal payments has resumed and collectability is no longer in doubt, the loan or lease could be returned to accrual status.
the table reflects period-end nals and npas detail for each of the last five years:
table 10 - nonaccrual loans and leases and nonperforming assets december 31,
(dollar amounts in millions)                                              2017                    2016                    2015                    2014                    2013
nonaccrual loans and leases (nals):
commercial and industrial                                           $161                    $234                    $175                     $72                     $57
commercial real estate                                                29                      20                      29                      48                      73
automobile                                                             6                       6                       7                       5                       6
residential mortgage                                                  84                      91                      95                      96                     120
rv and marine finance                                                  1                       -                       -                       -                       -
home equity                                                           68                      72                      66                      79                      66
other consumer                                                         -                       -                       -                       -                       -
total nonaccrual loans and leases                                    349                     423                     372                     300                     322
other real estate, net:
residential                                                           24                      31                      24                      29                      23
commercial                                                             9                      20                       3                       6                       4
total other real estate, net                                          33                      51                      27                      35                      27
other npas (1)                                                         7                       7                       -                       3                       3
total nonperforming assets                                          $389                    $481                    $399                    $338                    $352
nonaccrual loans and leases as a % of total loans and leases        0.50     %              0.63     %              0.74     %              0.63     %              0.75     %
npa ratio (2)                                                       0.55                    0.72                    0.79                    0.71                    0.82
(1)   other nonperforming assets represent an investment security backed by a municipal bond for all periods presented.
(2)   nonperforming assets divided by the sum of loans and leases, net other real estate owned, and other npas.
2017 versus 2016
total npas decreased by $92 million, or 19%, compared with december 31, 2016 primarily as a result of a $73 million, or 31%, decline in c&i nals and a $18 million, or 35%, decline in oreo. the c&i decline was a result of payoffs and return to accrual of
51
large relationships that were identified as nal in the fourth quarter of 2016. the oreo decline was a result of reductions in both commercial and residential oreo properties.
the following table reflects period-end accruing loans and leases 90 days or more past due for each of the last five years:
table 11 - accruing past due loans and leases december 31,
(dollar amounts in millions)                                                                                         2017                2016                2015                2014                2013
accruing loans and leases past due 90 days or more:
commercial and industrial (1)                                                                                     $9                 $18                  $9                  $5                 $15
commercial real estate (2)                                                                                         3                  17                  10                  19                  39
automobile                                                                                                         7                  10                   7                   5                   5
residential mortgage (excluding loans guaranteed by the u.s. government)                                          21                  15                  14                  33                   2
rv and marine finance                                                                                              1                   1                   -                   -                   -
home equity                                                                                                       18                  12                   9                  12                  14
other consumer                                                                                                     5                   4                   1                   1                   1
total, excl. loans guaranteed by the u.s. government                                                              64                  77                  50                  75                  76
add: loans guaranteed by u.s. government                                                                          51                  52                  56                  55                  88
total accruing loans and leases past due 90 days or more,including loans guaranteed by the u.s. government      $115                $129                $106                $130                $164
ratios:
excluding loans guaranteed by the u.s. government, as a percent of total loans and leases                       0.09    %           0.12    %           0.10    %           0.16    %           0.18    %
guaranteed by u.s. government, as a percent of total loans and leases                                           0.07                0.08                0.11                0.12                0.20
including loans guaranteed by the u.s. government, as a percent of total loans and leases                       0.16                0.19                0.21                0.27                0.38
(1)   amounts include huntington technology finance administrative lease delinquencies and accruing purchase impaired loans related to acquisitions.
(2)   amounts include accruing purchase impaired loans related to acquisitions.
tdr loans tdrs are modified loans where a concession was provided to a borrower experiencing financial difficulties. tdrs can be classified as either accruing or nonaccruing loans. nonaccruing tdrs are included in nals whereas accruing tdrs are excluded from nals, as it is probable that all contractual principal and interest due under the restructured terms will be collected. tdrs primarily reflect our loss mitigation efforts to proactively work with borrowers in financial difficulty or to comply with regulations regarding the treatment of certain bankruptcy filing and discharge situations. acquired, non-purchased credit impaired loans are only considered for tdr reporting for modifications made subsequent to acquisition. over the past five quarters, the accruing component of the total tdr balance has been between 80% and 84% indicating there is no identified credit loss and the borrowers continue to make their monthly payments. in fact, over 75% of the $489 million of accruing tdrs secured by residential real estate (residential mortgage and home equity in table 12) are current on their required payments. there is very limited migration from the accruing to non-accruing components, and virtually all of the charge-offs come from the non-accruing tdr balances.
52
the following table presents our accruing and nonaccruing tdrs at period-end for each of the past five years:
table 12 - accruing and nonaccruing troubled debt restructured loans
(dollar amounts in millions)                                                                                                      december 31,
2017                                                              2016                    2015                    2014                    2013
tdrs-accruing:
commercial and industrial           $300                    $210                    $236                    $117                     $84
commercial real estate                78                      77                     115                     177                     205
automobile                            30                      26                      25                      26                      31
home equity                          265                     270                     199                     252                     188
residential mortgage                 224                     243                     265                     265                     305
rv and marine finance                  1                       -                       -                       -                       -
other consumer                         8                       4                       4                       4                       1
total tdrs-accruing                  906                     830                     844                     841                     814
tdrs-nonaccruing:
commercial and industrial             82                     107                      57                      21                       7
commercial real estate                15                       5                      17                      25                      24
automobile                             4                       5                       6                       5                       6
home equity                           28                      28                      21                      27                      21
residential mortgage                  55                      59                      72                      69                      83
rv and marine finance                  -                       -                       -                       -                       -
other consumer                         -                       -                       -                       -                       -
total tdrs-nonaccruing               184                     204                     173                     147                     141
total tdrs                        $1,090                  $1,034                  $1,017                    $988                    $955
our strategy is to structure tdrs in a manner that avoids new concessions subsequent to the initial tdr terms. however, there are times when subsequent modifications are required, such as when the modified loan matures. often the loans are performing in accordance with the tdr terms, and a new note is originated with similar modified terms. these loans are subjected to the normal underwriting standards and processes for other similar credit extensions, both new and existing. if the loan is not performing in accordance with the existing tdr terms, typically an individualized approach to repayment is established. in accordance with gaap, the refinanced note is evaluated to determine if it is considered a new loan or a continuation of the prior loan. a new loan is considered for removal of the tdr designation. a continuation of the prior note requires the continuation of the tdr designation, and because the refinanced note constitutes a new or amended debt instrument, it is included as a new tdr and a restructured tdr removal during the period.
the types of concessions granted for existing tdrs are consistent with those granted on new tdrs and include interest rate reductions, amortization or maturity date changes beyond what the collateral supports, and principal forgiveness based on the borrower's specific needs at a point in time. our policy does not limit the number of times a loan may be modified. a loan may be modified multiple times if it is considered to be in the best interest of both the borrower and us.
commercial loans are not automatically considered to be accruing tdrs upon the granting of a new concession. if the loan is in accruing status and no loss is expected based on the modified terms, the modified tdr remains in accruing status. for loans that are on nonaccrual status before the modification, collection of both principal and interest must not be in doubt, and the borrower must be able to exhibit sufficient cash flows for at least a six-month period of time to service the debt in order to return to accruing status. this six-month period could extend before or after the restructure date.
any granted change in terms or conditions that are not readily available in the market for that borrower, requires the designation as a tdr. there are no provisions for the removal of the tdr designation based on payment activity for consumer loans. a loan may be returned to accrual status when all contractually due interest and principal has been paid and the borrower demonstrates the financial capacity to continue to pay as agreed, with the risk of loss diminished.
acl our total credit reserve is comprised of two different components, both of which in our judgment are appropriate to absorb credit losses inherent in our loan and lease portfolio: the alll and the aulc. combined, these reserves comprise the total acl. our acl methodology committee is responsible for developing the methodology, assumptions and estimates used in the calculation, as well as determining the appropriateness of the acl. the alll represents the estimate of losses inherent in the loan portfolio at the reported date. additions to the alll result from recording provision expense for loan losses or increased risk levels resulting from loan risk-rating downgrades, while reductions reflect charge-offs (net of recoveries), decreased risk levels resulting from loan risk-rating upgrades, or the sale of loans. the aulc is determined by applying the same quantitative reserve determination process to the
53
unfunded portion of the loan exposures adjusted by an applicable funding expectation. (see note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements).
loans originated for investment are stated at their principal amount outstanding adjusted for partial charge-offs, and net deferred loan fees and costs. acquired loans are those purchased in the firstmerit acquisition and are recorded at estimated fair value at the acquisition date with no carryover of the related alll. the difference between acquired contractual balance and estimated fair value at acquisition date was recorded as a purchase premium or discount. the acquired loan portfolio will show a continuous decline as a result of payments, payoffs, charge-offs or other disposition, unless huntington acquires additional loans in the future.
our acl evaluation process includes the on-going assessment of credit quality metrics, and a comparison of certain acl benchmarks to current performance. while the total acl balance increased year over year, all of the relevant benchmarks remain strong.
54
the following table reflects activity in the alll and aulc for each of the last five years:
table 13 - summary of allowance for credit losses
(dollar amounts in millions)                                                                                                                               year ended december 31,
2017                                                                                                              2016                2015                2014                2013
alll, beginning of year                                                                  $638                $598                $605                $648                $769
loan and lease charge-offs commercial:
commercial and industrial                                                                 (68    )            (77    )            (80    )            (77    )            (46    )
commercial real estate:
construction                                                                                2                  (2    )             (2    )             (6    )            (10    )
commercial                                                                                 (6    )            (14    )            (16    )            (19    )            (61    )
commercial real estate                                                                     (4    )            (16    )            (18    )            (25    )            (71    )
total commercial                                                                          (72    )            (93    )            (98    )           (102    )           (117    )
consumer:
automobile                                                                                (64    )            (50    )            (36    )            (30    )            (24    )
home equity                                                                               (20    )            (26    )            (36    )            (54    )            (98    )
residential mortgage                                                                      (11    )            (11    )            (16    )            (26    )            (34    )
rv and marine finance                                                                     (13    )             (3    )              -                   -                   -
other consumer                                                                            (72    )            (44    )            (32    )            (35    )            (34    )
total consumer                                                                           (180    )           (134    )           (120    )           (145    )           (190    )
total charge-offs                                                                        (252    )           (227    )           (218    )           (247    )           (307    )
recoveries of loan and lease charge-offs commercial:
commercial and industrial                                                                  26                  32                  52                  45                  30
commercial real estate:
construction                                                                                3                   4                   3                   4                   3
commercial                                                                                 12                  38                  31                  30                  42
total commercial real estate                                                               15                  42                  34                  34                  45
total commercial                                                                           41                  74                  86                  79                  75
consumer:
automobile                                                                                 22                  18                  16                  13                  13
home equity                                                                                15                  17                  16                  18                  16
residential mortgage                                                                        5                   5                   6                   6                   7
rv and marine finance                                                                       3                   -                   -                   -                   -
other consumer                                                                              7                   4                   6                   6                   7
total consumer                                                                             52                  44                  44                  43                  43
total recoveries                                                                           93                 118                 130                 122                 118
net loan and lease charge-offs                                                           (159    )           (109    )            (88    )           (125    )           (189    )
provision for loan and lease losses                                                       212                 169                  89                  83                  68
allowance for assets sold and securitized or transferred to loans held for sale             -                 (20    )             (8    )             (1    )              -
alll, end of year                                                                         691                 638                 598                 605                 648
aulc, beginning of year                                                                    98                  72                  61                  63                  41
(reduction in) provision for unfunded loan commitments and letters of credit losses       (11    )             22                  11                  (2    )             22
aulc recorded at acquisition                                                                -                   4                   -                   -                   -
aulc, end of year                                                                          87                  98                  72                  61                  63
acl, end of year                                                                         $778                $736                $670                $666                $711
55
the table below reflects the allocation of our acl among our various loan categories during each of the past five years:
table 14 - allocation of allowance for credit losses (1)
(dollar amounts in millions)                                                                                                                                                december 31,
2017                                                                                2016                            2015                            2014                            2013
acl commercial commercial and industrial         $377            40   %          $356            42   %          $299            41   %          $287            40   %          $266            41   %
commercial real estate             105            11                95            11               100            10               103            11               162            11
total commercial                   482            51               451            53               399            51               390            51               428            52
consumer automobile                          53            17                48            16                50            19                33            18                31            15
home equity                         60            14                65            15                84            17                96            18               111            19
residential mortgage                21            13                33            12                42            12                47            12                40            12
rv and marine finance               15             3                 5             3                 -             -                 -             -                 -             -
other consumer                      60             2                36             1                23             1                39             1                38             2
total consumer                     209            49               187            47               199            49               215            49               220            48
total alll                         691           100   %           638           100   %           598           100   %           605           100   %           648           100   %
aulc                                87                              98                              72                              61                              63
total acl                         $778                            $736                            $670                            $666                            $711
total alll as % of:
total loans and leases                          0.99   %                        0.95   %                        1.19   %                        1.27   %                        1.50   %
nonaccrual loans and leases                      198                             151                             161                             202                             201
npas                                             178                             133                             150                             179                             184
total acl as % of:
total loans and leases                          1.11   %                        1.10   %                        1.33   %                        1.40   %                        1.65   %
nonaccrual loans and leases                      223                             174                             180                             222                             221
npas                                             200                             153                             168                             197                             202
(1)   percentages represent the percentage of each loan and lease category to total loans and leases.
2017 versus 2016
at december 31, 2017, the alll was $691 million or 0.99% of total loans and leases, compared to $638 million or 0.95% at december 31, 2016. the $53 million, or 8%, increase in the alll relates to a slight increase in criticized/classified loans in the commercial portfolio coupled with the accounting treatment of the acquired portfolio, as well as increasing reserve levels related to growth and seasoning of the other consumer portfolio.
the acl to total loans increased to 1.11% at december 31, 2017, compared to 1.10% at december 31, 2016. we believe the ratio is appropriate given the risk profile of our loan portfolio. we continue to focus on early identification of loans with changes in credit metrics and proactive action plans for these loans. given the combination of these noted positive and negative factors, we believe that our acl is appropriate and its coverage level is reflective of the quality of our portfolio and the current operating environment.
ncos any loan in any portfolio may be charged-off prior to the policies described below if a loss confirming event has occurred. loss confirming events include, but are not limited to, bankruptcy (unsecured), continued delinquency, foreclosure, or receipt of an asset valuation indicating a collateral deficiency where that asset is the sole source of repayment. additionally, discharged, collateral dependent non-reaffirmed debt in chapter 7 bankruptcy filings will result in a charge-off to estimated collateral value, less anticipated selling costs at the time of discharge.
c&i and cre loans are either charged-off or written down to net realizable value at 90-days past due with the exception of administrative small ticket lease delinquencies. automobile loans, rv and marine finance, and other consumer loans are generally charged-off at 120-days past due. first-lien and junior-lien home equity loans are charged-off to the estimated fair value of the collateral, less anticipated selling costs, at 150-days past due and 120-days past due, respectively. residential mortgages are charged-off to the estimated fair value of the collateral, less anticipated selling costs, at 150-days past due. the remaining balance is in delinquent status until a modification can be completed, or the loan goes through the foreclosure process.
56
the following table reflects nco detail for each of the last five years:
table 15 - net loan and lease charge-offs
(dollar amounts in millions)                                                                            year ended december 31,
2017                                                                 2016              2015              2014              2013
net charge-offs by loan and lease type:
commercial:
commercial and industrial                       $42               $45               $28               $32               $16
commercial real estate:
construction                                     (5   )            (2   )            (1   )             2                 7
commercial                                       (6   )           (24   )           (15   )           (11   )            19
commercial real estate                          (11   )           (26   )           (16   )            (9   )            26
total commercial                                 31                19                12                23                42
consumer:
automobile                                       42                32                20                17                11
home equity                                       5                 9                20                37                82
residential mortgage                              6                 6                10                20                27
rv and marine finance                            10                 2                 -                 -                 -
other consumer                                   65                41                26                28                27
total consumer                                  128                90                76               102               147
total net charge-offs                          $159              $109               $88              $125              $189
net charge-offs - annualized percentages:
commercial:
commercial and industrial                      0.15   %          0.19   %          0.14   %          0.18   %          0.10   %
commercial real estate:
construction                                  (0.36   )         (0.19   )         (0.08   )          0.16              1.10
commercial                                    (0.10   )         (0.49   )         (0.37   )         (0.25   )          0.42
commercial real estate                        (0.15   )         (0.44   )         (0.32   )         (0.19   )          0.49
total commercial                               0.09              0.06              0.05              0.10              0.19
consumer:
automobile                                     0.36              0.30              0.23              0.23              0.19
home equity                                    0.05              0.10              0.23              0.44              0.99
residential mortgage                           0.08              0.09              0.17              0.35              0.52
rv and marine finance                          0.48              0.33                 -                 -                 -
other consumer                                 6.36              5.53              5.44              6.99              6.30
total consumer                                 0.39              0.32              0.32              0.46              0.75
net charge-offs as a % of average loans        0.23   %          0.19   %          0.18   %          0.27   %          0.45   %
in assessing nco trends, it is helpful to understand the process of how commercial loans are treated as they deteriorate over time. the alll is established consistent with the level of risk associated with the commercial portfolio's original underwriting. as a part of our normal portfolio management process for commercial loans, loans within the portfolio are periodically reviewed and the alll is increased or decreased based on the updated risk ratings. for tdrs and individually assessed impaired loans, a specific reserve is established based on the discounted projected cash flows or collateral value of the specific loan. charge-offs, if necessary, are generally recognized in a period after the specific alll is established. consumer loans are treated in much the same manner as commercial loans, with increasing reserve factors applied based on the risk characteristics of the loan, although specific reserves are not identified for consumer loans, except for tdrs. in summary, if loan quality deteriorates, the typical credit sequence would be periods of reserve building, followed by periods of higher ncos as the previously established alll is utilized. additionally, an increase in the alll either precedes or is in conjunction with increases in nals. when a loan is classified as nal, it is evaluated for specific alll or charge-off. as a result, an increase in nals does not necessarily result in an increase in the alll or an expectation of higher future ncos.
2017 versus 2016
ncos increased $50 million, or 46%, in 2017. the increase was a function of expected higher losses in the other consumer portfolio and lower cre recoveries. given the low level of c&i and cre nco's, there will continue to be some volatility on a period-to-period comparison basis.
57
market risk market risk refers to potential losses arising from changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices and commodity prices, including the correlation among these factors and their volatility. when the value of an instrument is tied to such external factors, the holder faces market risk. we are primarily exposed to interest rate risk as a result of offering a wide array of financial products to our customers and secondarily to price risk from trading securities, securities owned by our broker-dealer subsidiary, foreign exchange positions and equity investments.
interest rate risk we actively manage interest rate risk, as changes in market interest rates may have a significant impact on reported earnings. changes in market interest rates may result in changes in the fair market value of our financial instruments, cash flows, and net interest income. we seek to achieve consistent growth in net interest income and capital while managing volatility arising from shifts in market interest rates. the alco oversees market risk management, as well as the establishment of risk measures, limits, and policy guidelines for managing the amount of interest rate risk and its effect on net interest income and capital. according to these policies, responsibility for measuring and the management of interest rate risk resides in the treasury group.
interest rate risk on our balance sheet consists of reprice, option, and basis risks. reprice risk results from differences in the maturity, or repricing, of asset and liability portfolios. option risk arises from embedded options present in the investment portfolio and in many financial instruments such as loan prepayment options, deposit early withdrawal options, and interest rate options. these options allow customers opportunities to benefit when market interest rates change, which typically results in higher costs or lower revenue for us. basis risk refers to the potential for changes in the underlying relationship between market rates or indices, which subsequently result in a narrowing of profit spread on an earning asset or liability. basis risk is also present in administered rate liabilities, such as interest-bearing checking accounts, savings accounts, and money market accounts where historical pricing relationships to market rates may change due to the level or directional change in market interest rates. the interest rate risk position is measured and monitored using risk management tools, including earnings simulation modeling and eve sensitivity analysis, which capture both short-term and long-term interest rate risk exposures. combining the results from these separate risk measurement processes allows a reasonably comprehensive view of our short-term and long-term interest rate risks.
interest rate risk measurement is calculated and reported to the alco monthly and roc at least quarterly. the reported information includes period-end results and identifies any policy limits exceeded, along with an assessment of the policy limit breach and the action plan and timeline for resolution, mitigation, or assumption of the risk.
we use two approaches to model interest rate risk: net interest income at risk (nii at risk) and economic value of equity at risk modeling sensitivity analysis (eve).
nii at risk uses net interest income simulation analysis which involves forecasting net interest earnings under a variety of scenarios including changes in the level of interest rates, the shape of the yield curve, and spreads between market interest rates. the sensitivity of net interest income to changes in interest rates is measured using numerous interest rate scenarios including shocks, gradual ramps, curve flattening, curve steepening as well as forecasts of likely interest rates scenarios. modeling the sensitivity of net interest earnings to changes in market interest rates is highly dependent on numerous assumptions incorporated into the modeling process. to the extent that actual performance is different than what was assumed, actual net interest earnings sensitivity may be different than projected. the assumptions used in the models are our best estimates based on studies conducted by the treasury group. the treasury group uses a data warehouse to study interest rate risk at a transactional level and uses various ad-hoc reports to continuously refine assumptions. assumptions and methodologies regarding administered rate liabilities (e.g., savings accounts, money market accounts and interest-bearing checking accounts), balance trends, and repricing relationships reflect our best estimate of expected behavior and these assumptions are reviewed regularly.
we also have longer-term interest rate risk exposure, which may not be appropriately measured by earnings sensitivity analysis. the alco uses eve to study the impact of long-term cash flows on earnings and on capital. eve involves discounting present values of all cash flows of on and off-balance sheet items under different interest rate scenarios. the discounted present value of all cash flows represents our eve. the analysis requires modifying the expected cash flows in each interest rate scenario, which will impact the discounted present value. the amount of base-case measurement and its sensitivity to shifts in the yield curve allow us to measure longer-term repricing and option risk in the balance sheet.
table 16 - net interest income at risk net interest income at risk (%)
basis point change scenario   -25                  +100                 +200
board policy limits           -      %             -2.0   %             -4.0   %
december 31, 2017             -0.6   %      2.5           %      4.8           %
december 31, 2016             -1.0   %      2.7           %      5.6           %
58
the nii at risk results included in the table above reflect the analysis used monthly by management. it models gradual -25, +100 and +200 basis point parallel shifts in market interest rates, implied by the forward yield curve over the next twelve months. due to the current low level of short-term interest rates, the analysis reflects a declining interest rate scenario of 25 basis points.
our nii at risk is within our board of director's policy limits for the +100 and +200 basis point scenarios. there is no policy limit for the -25 basis point scenario. the nii at risk shows that our balance sheet is asset sensitive at both december 31, 2017 and december 31, 2016.
as of december 31, 2017, we had $8.4 billion of notional value in receive-fixed cash flow swaps, which we use for asset and liability management purposes.
table 17 - economic value of equity at risk economic value of equity at risk (%)
basis point change scenario   -25                  +100                 +200
board policy limits           -      %             -5.0   %             -12.0   %
december 31, 2017             -0.5   %      1.9           %      1.9            %
december 31, 2016             -0.6   %      0.9           %      0.2            %
the eve results included in the table above reflect the analysis used monthly by management. it models immediate -25, +100 and +200 basis point parallel shifts in market interest rates. due to the current low level of short-term interest rates, the analysis reflects a declining interest rate scenario of 25 basis points, the point at which many deposit costs reach zero percent.
we are within our board of director's policy limits for the +100 and +200 basis point scenarios. there is no policy limit for the -25 basis point scenario. the eve depicts a moderate level of long-term interest rate risk, which indicates the balance sheet is positioned for rising interest rates.
msrs
(this section should be read in conjunction with note 7 of notes to the consolidated financial statements.)
at december 31, 2017, we had a total of $202 million of capitalized msrs representing the right to service $20.0 billion in mortgage loans. of this $202 million, $11 million was recorded using the fair value method and $191 million was recorded using the amortization method.
msr fair values are sensitive to movements in interest rates as expected future net servicing income depends on the projected outstanding principal balances of the underlying loans, which can be reduced by prepayments. prepayments usually increase when mortgage interest rates decline and decrease when mortgage interest rates rise. we have employed hedging strategies to reduce the risk of msr fair value changes or impairment. however, volatile changes in interest rates can diminish the effectiveness of these economic hedges. we report changes in the msr value net of hedge-related trading activity in the mortgage banking income category of noninterest income. changes in fair value between reporting dates are recognized as an increase or a decrease in mortgage banking income.
msrs recorded using the amortization method generally relate to loans originated with historically low interest rates, which may result in a lower probability of prepayments or impairment. msr assets are included in servicing rights in the consolidated financial statements.
price risk price risk represents the risk of loss arising from adverse movements in the prices of financial instruments that are carried at fair value and are subject to fair value accounting. we have price risk from trading securities, securities owned by our broker-dealer subsidiary, foreign exchange positions and equity investments. we have established loss limits on the trading portfolio, on the amount of foreign exchange exposure that can be maintained, and on the amount of marketable equity securities that can be held.
liquidity risk liquidity risk is the possibility of us being unable to meet current and future financial obligations in a timely manner. liquidity is managed to ensure stable, reliable, and cost-effective sources of funds to satisfy demand for credit, deposit withdrawals and investment opportunities. we consider core earnings, strong capital ratios, and credit quality essential for maintaining high credit ratings, which allows us cost-effective access to market-based liquidity. we rely on a large, stable core deposit base and a diversified base of wholesale funding sources to manage liquidity risk. the alco is appointed by the roc to oversee liquidity risk management and the establishment of liquidity risk policies and limits. the treasury department is responsible for identifying, measuring, and monitoring our liquidity profile. the position is evaluated daily, weekly, and monthly by analyzing the composition of all funding sources, reviewing projected liquidity commitments by future months, and identifying sources and uses of funds. the overall management of our liquidity position is also integrated into retail and commercial pricing policies to ensure a stable core deposit base. liquidity risk is reviewed and managed continuously for the bank and the parent company, as well as its subsidiaries. in addition,
59
liquidity working groups meet regularly to identify and monitor liquidity positions, provide policy guidance, review funding strategies, and oversee the adherence to, and maintenance of, the contingency funding plans.
our primary source of liquidity is our core deposit base. core deposits comprised approximately 96% of total deposits at december 31, 2017. we also have available unused wholesale sources of liquidity, including advances from the fhlb of cincinnati, issuance through dealers in the capital markets, and access to certificates of deposit issued through brokers. liquidity is further provided by unencumbered, or unpledged, investment securities that totaled $14.1 billion as of december 31, 2017. the treasury department also prepares a contingency funding plan that details the potential erosion of funds in the event of a systemic financial market crisis or institutional-specific stress scenario. an example of an institution specific event would be a downgrade in our public credit rating by a rating agency due to factors such as deterioration in asset quality, a large charge to earnings, a decline in profitability or other financial measures, or a significant merger or acquisition. examples of systemic events unrelated to us that could have an effect on our access to liquidity would be terrorism or war, natural disasters, political events, or the default or bankruptcy of a major corporation, mutual fund or hedge fund. similarly, market speculation or rumors about us, or the banking industry in general, may adversely affect the cost and availability of normal funding sources. the liquidity contingency plan therefore outlines the process for addressing a liquidity crisis. the plan provides for an evaluation of funding sources under various market conditions. it also assigns specific roles and responsibilities and communication protocols for effectively managing liquidity through a problem period.
available-for-sale and other securities portfolio
(this section should be read in conjunction with note 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.)
our investment securities portfolio is evaluated under established asset/liability management objectives. changing market conditions could affect the profitability of the portfolio, as well as the level of interest rate risk exposure.
the composition and maturity of the portfolio is presented on the following two tables:
table 18 - available-for-sale and other securities portfolio summary at fair value
(dollar amounts in millions)                                                                                               at december 31,
2017                                                                                                              2016                2015
u.s. treasury, federal agency, and other agency securities                             $10,413             $10,752              $4,643
other                                                                                    5,056               4,811               4,132
total available-for-sale and other securities                                          $15,469             $15,563              $8,775
duration in years (1)                                                                      4.9                 4.7                 5.2
(1)   the average duration assumes a market driven prepayment rate on securities subject to prepayment.
60
table 19 - available-for-sale and other securities portfolio composition and maturity
(dollar amounts in millions)                                                                                                 at december 31, 2017
amortized cost             fair value          yield (1)
u.s. treasury, federal agency, and other agency securities:
u.s. treasury:
1 year or less                                                                                 $5                     $5              1.69      %
after 1 year through 5 years                                                                    -                      -                 -
after 5 years through 10 years                                                                  -                      -                 -
after 10 years                                                                                  -                      -                 -
total u.s. treasury                                                                             5                      5              1.69
federal agencies:
residential cmo
1 year or less                                                                                  -                      -                 -
after 1 year through 5 years                                                                    1                      1              2.87
after 5 years through 10 years                                                                 90                     89              2.77
after 10 years                                                                              6,570                  6,394              2.24
total residential cmo                                                                       6,661                  6,484              2.25
residential mbs
1 year or less                                                                                  -                      -                 -
after 1 year through 5 years                                                                    6                      6              3.60
after 5 years through 10 years                                                                  7                      8              3.74
after 10 years                                                                              1,358                  1,353              2.84
residential mbs                                                                             1,371                  1,367              2.84
commercial mbs:
1 year or less                                                                                  -                      -                 -
after 1 year through 5 years                                                                   23                     22              1.92
after 5 years through 10 years                                                                151                    148              2.46
after 10 years                                                                              2,365                  2,317              2.41
commercial mbs                                                                              2,539                  2,487              2.41
other agencies:
1 year or less                                                                                  2                      2              2.83
after 1 year through 5 years                                                                    9                      9              2.73
after 5 years through 10 years                                                                 58                     59              2.58
after 10 years                                                                                  -                      -                 -
total other agencies                                                                           69                     70              2.60
total u.s. treasury, federal agency, and other agency securities                           10,645                 10,413              2.36
municipal securities:
1 year or less                                                                                103                    103              4.62
after 1 year through 5 years                                                                1,140                  1,134              3.58
after 5 years through 10 years                                                              1,709                  1,704              3.85
after 10 years                                                                                940                    937              4.24
total municipal securities                                                                  3,892                  3,878              3.89
asset-backed securities:
1 year or less                                                                                  -                      -                 -
after 1 year through 5 years                                                                   80                     80              2.55
after 5 years through 10 years                                                                 53                     54              3.78
after 10 years                                                                                349                    333              2.93
total asset-backed securities                                                                 482                    467              2.96
corporate debt:
1 year or less                                                                                  -                      -                 -
after 1 year through 5 years                                                                   73                     74              3.59
after 5 years through 10 years                                                                 20                     21              3.42
after 10 years                                                                                 13                     14              3.39
total corporate debt                                                                          106                    109              3.53
other:
1 year or less                                                                                  1                      1              2.62
after 1 year through 5 years                                                                    1                      1              3.01
after 5 years through 10 years                                                                  -                      -               n/a after 10 years                                                                                  -                      -               n/a non-marketable equity securities (2)                                                          581                    581              3.69
mutual funds                                                                                   18                     18               n/a marketable equity securities (3)                                                                1                      1               n/a total other                                                                                   602                    602              3.57
total available-for-sale and other securities                                             $15,727                $15,469              2.81      %
61
(1)   weighted average yields were calculated using amortized cost on a fully-taxable equivalent basis, assuming a 35% tax rate.
(2)   consists of fhlb and frb restricted stock holding carried at par. for 2017, the federal reserve reduced the dividend rate on frb stock from 6% to 2.41%, the current 10-year treasury rate for banks with more than $10 billion in assets.
(3)   consists of certain mutual fund and equity security holdings.
bank liquidity and sources of funding our primary sources of funding for the bank are retail and commercial core deposits. at december 31, 2017, these core deposits funded 70% of total assets (105% of total loans). other sources of liquidity include non-core deposits, fhlb advances, wholesale debt instruments, and securitizations. demand deposit overdrafts that have been reclassified as loan balances and were $22 million and $23 million at december 31, 2017 and december 31, 2016, respectively.
the following tables reflect contractual maturities of other domestic time deposits of $250,000 or more and brokered deposits and negotiable cds as well as other domestic time deposits of $100,000 or more and brokered deposits and negotiable cds at december 31, 2017.
table 20 - maturity schedule of time deposits, brokered deposits, and negotiable cds
(dollar amounts in millions)                                                                                                                                                                                           at december 31, 2017
3 monthsor less               3 monthsto 6 months              6 monthsto 12 months          12 monthsor more               total other domestic time deposits of $250,000 or more and brokered deposits and negotiable cds          $3,396                             $137                               $67                   $-                             $3,600
other domestic time deposits of $100,000 or more and brokered deposits and negotiable cds          $3,575                             $198                              $194                   $186                           $4,153
the following table reflects deposit composition detail for each of the last three years:
table 21 - deposit composition
(dollar amounts in millions)                                                                                         at december 31,
2017                                                                                             2016                           2015
by type:
demand deposits-noninterest-bearing             $21,546         28   %         $22,836         30   %         $16,480         30   %
demand deposits-interest-bearing                 18,001         23              15,676         21               7,682         14
money market deposits                            20,690         27              18,407         24              19,792         36
savings and other domestic deposits              11,270         15              11,975         16               5,246          9
core certificates of deposit                      1,934          3               2,535          3               2,382          4
total core deposits:                             73,441         96              71,429         94              51,582         93
other domestic deposits of $250,000 or more         239          -                 395          1                 501          1
brokered deposits and negotiable cds              3,361          4               3,784          5               2,944          5
deposits in foreign offices                           -          -                   -          -                 268          1
total deposits                                  $77,041        100   %         $75,608        100   %         $55,295        100   %
total core deposits:
commercial                                      $34,273         47   %         $31,887         45   %         $24,474         47   %
consumer                                         39,168         53              39,542         55              27,108         53
total core deposits                             $73,441        100   %         $71,429        100   %         $51,582        100   %
the bank maintains borrowing capacity at the fhlb and the federal reserve bank discount window. the bank does not consider borrowing capacity from the federal reserve bank discount window as a primary source of liquidity. total loans pledged to the federal reserve discount window and the fhlb are $31.7 billion and $19.7 billion at december 31, 2017 and december 31, 2016, respectively.
to the extent we are unable to obtain sufficient liquidity through core deposits, we may meet our liquidity needs through sources of wholesale funding, asset securitization, or sale.  sources of wholesale funding include other domestic deposits of $250,000 or more, brokered deposits and negotiable cds, deposits in foreign offices, short-term borrowings, and long-term debt. at december 31, 2017, total wholesale funding was $17.9 billion, an increase from $16.2 billion at december 31, 2016. the increase from prior year-end primarily relates to an increase in short-term borrowings and long-term debt, partially offset by a decrease in brokered time deposits and negotiable cds, and domestic time deposits of $250,000 or more.
62
liquidity coverage ratio at december 31, 2017, we believe the bank had sufficient liquidity to be in compliance with the lcr requirements and to meet its cash flow obligations for the foreseeable future.
table 22 - maturity schedule of commercial loans
(dollar amounts in millions)                                                                                           at december 31, 2017
one year                 one to                  after                 total            percent or less             five years             five years                                 of total commercial and industrial                $7,334               $15,829                 $4,944                $28,107               80      %
commercial real estate-construction         500        682                                35                  1,217                3
commercial real estate-commercial         1,407                 3,693                    908                  6,008               17
total                                    $9,241               $20,204                 $5,887                $35,332              100      %
variable-interest rates                  $8,013               $16,452                 $3,186                $27,651               78      %
fixed-interest rates                      1,228                 3,752                  2,701                  7,681               22
total                                    $9,241               $20,204                 $5,887                $35,332              100      %
percent of total                             26    %   57                 %               17     %              100    %
at december 31, 2017, the carrying value of investment securities pledged to secure public and trust deposits, trading account liabilities, u.s. treasury demand notes, and security repurchase agreements totaled $6.1 billion. there were no securities of a non-governmental single issuer that exceeded 10% of shareholders' equity at december 31, 2017.
parent company liquidity the parent company's funding requirements consist primarily of dividends to shareholders, debt service, income taxes, operating expenses, funding of nonbank subsidiaries, repurchases of our stock, and acquisitions. the parent company obtains funding to meet obligations from dividends and interest received from the bank, interest and dividends received from direct subsidiaries, net taxes collected from subsidiaries included in the federal consolidated tax return, fees for services provided to subsidiaries, and the issuance of debt securities.
at december 31, 2017 and december 31, 2016, the parent company had $1.6 billion and $1.8 billion, respectively, in cash and cash equivalents.
on january 17, 2018, the board of directors declared a quarterly common stock cash dividend of $0.11 per common share. the dividend is payable on april 2, 2018, to shareholders of record on march 19, 2018. based on the current quarterly dividend of $0.11 per common share, cash demands required for common stock dividends are estimated to be approximately $118 million per quarter. on january 17, 2018, the board of directors declared a quarterly series a, series, b, series, c, and series d preferred stock dividend payable on april 16, 2018 to shareholders of record on april 1, 2018. based on the current dividend, cash demands required for series a preferred stock are estimated to be approximately $8 million per quarter. cash demands required for series b preferred stock are expected to be less than $1 million per quarter. cash demands required for series c preferred stock are expected to be approximately $2 million per quarter. cash demands required for series d preferred stock are expected to be approximately $9 million per quarter.
during 2017, the bank returned capital totaling $426 million. additionally, the bank paid a preferred dividend of $45 million and common stock dividend of $254 million to the holding company. to meet any additional liquidity needs, the parent company may issue debt or equity securities from time to time.
off-balance sheet arrangements in the normal course of business, we enter into various off-balance sheet arrangements. these arrangements include commitments to extend credit, interest rate swaps, financial guarantees contained in standby letters-of-credit issued by the bank, and commitments by the bank to sell mortgage loans.
commitments to extend credit commitments to extend credit generally have fixed expiration dates, are variable-rate, and contain clauses that permit huntington to terminate or otherwise renegotiate the contracts in the event of a significant deterioration in the customer's credit quality. these arrangements normally require the payment of a fee by the customer, the pricing of which is based on prevailing market conditions, credit quality, probability of funding, and other relevant factors. since many of these commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the contract amounts are not necessarily indicative of future cash requirements. the interest rate risk arising from these financial instruments is insignificant as a result of their predominantly short-term, variable-rate nature. see note 21 for more information.
interest rate swaps balance sheet hedging activity is arranged to receive hedge accounting treatment and is classified as either fair value or cash flow hedges. fair value hedges are purchased to convert deposits and long-term debt from fixed-rate obligations to floating rate.
63
cash flow hedges are also used to convert floating rate loans made to customers into fixed rate loans. see note 19 for more information.
standby letters-of-credit standby letters-of-credit are conditional commitments issued to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third-party. these guarantees are primarily issued to support public and private borrowing arrangements, including commercial paper, bond financing, and similar transactions. most of these arrangements mature within two years and are expected to expire without being drawn upon. standby letters-of-credit are included in the determination of the amount of risk-based capital that the parent company and the bank are required to hold. through our credit process, we monitor the credit risks of outstanding standby letters-of-credit. when it is probable that a standby letter-of-credit will be drawn and not repaid in full, a loss is recognized in the provision for credit losses. see note 21 for more information.
commitments to sell loans activity related to our mortgage origination activity supports the hedging of the mortgage pricing commitments to customers and the secondary sale to third parties. in addition, we have commitments to sell residential real estate loans. these contracts mature in less than one year. see note 21 for more information.
we believe that off-balance sheet arrangements are properly considered in our liquidity risk management process.
table 23 - contractual obligations (1)
(dollar amounts in millions)                                                                                                                   at december 31, 2017
one yearor less           1 to 3years           3 to 5years            more than5 years               total deposits without a stated maturity                      $70,554                      $-                    $-                        $-                 $70,554
certificates of deposit and other time deposits           4,016                   1,314                   962                       195                   6,487
short-term borrowings                                     5,056                       -                     -                         -                   5,056
long-term debt                                            2,688                   3,016                 2,798                       833                   9,335
operating lease obligations                                  59           108                              72                       135           374
purchase commitments                                         90           92                               25                        19           226
(1)   amounts do not include associated interest payments.
operational risk operational risk is the risk of loss due to human error; inadequate or failed internal systems and controls, including the use of financial or other quantitative methodologies that may not adequately predict future results; violations of, or noncompliance with, laws, rules, regulations, prescribed practices, or ethical standards; and external influences such as market conditions, fraudulent activities, disasters, and security risks. we continuously strive to strengthen our system of internal controls to ensure compliance with laws, rules, and regulations, and to improve the oversight of our operational risk. we actively and continuously monitor cyber-attacks such as attempts related to online deception and loss of sensitive customer data. we evaluate internal systems, processes and controls to mitigate loss from cyber-attacks and, to date, have not experienced any material losses.
our objective for managing cyber security risk is to avoid or minimize the impacts of external threat events or other efforts to penetrate our systems. we work to achieve this objective by hardening networks and systems against attack, and by diligently managing visibility and monitoring controls within our data and communications environment to recognize events and respond before the attacker has the opportunity to plan and execute on its own goals. to this end we employ a set of defense in-depth strategies, which include efforts to make us less attractive as a target and less vulnerable to threats, while investing in threat analytic capabilities for rapid detection and response. potential concerns related to cyber security may be escalated to our board-level technology committee, as appropriate. as a complement to the overall cyber security risk management, we use a number of internal training methods, both formally through mandatory courses and informally through written communications and other updates. internal policies and procedures have been implemented to encourage the reporting of potential phishing attacks or other security risks. we also use third-party services to test the effectiveness of our cyber security risk management framework, and any such third parties are required to comply with our policies regarding information security and confidentiality.
to mitigate operational risks, we have a senior management operational risk committee a senior management legal, regulatory, and compliance committee and a senior level third party risk management committee. the responsibilities of these committees, among other duties, include establishing and maintaining management information systems to monitor material risks and to identify potential concerns, risks, or trends that may have a significant impact and ensuring that recommendations are developed to address the identified issues. in addition, we have a senior management model risk oversight committee that is responsible for policies and procedures describing how model risk is evaluated and managed and the application of the governance process to implement these practices throughout the enterprise. these committees report any significant findings and recommendations to the
64
risk management committee. potential concerns may be escalated to our roc, as appropriate. significant findings or issues are escalated by the third party risk management committee to the technology committee.
the firstmerit integration was inherently large and complex. our objective for managing execution risk was to minimize impacts to daily operations. we established an integration management office led by senior management. responsibilities include central management, reporting, and escalation of key integration deliverables. in addition, a board level integration governance committee was established to assist in the oversight of the integration of people, systems, and processes of firstmerit with huntington. the systems' conversion is now complete.
the goal of this framework is to implement effective operational risk techniques and strategies; minimize operational, fraud, and legal losses; minimize the impact of inadequately designed models and enhance our overall performance.
compliance risk financial institutions are subject to many laws, rules, and regulations at both the federal and state levels. these broad-based laws, rules, and regulations include, but are not limited to, expectations relating to anti-money laundering, lending limits, client privacy, fair lending, prohibitions against unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices, protections for military members as they enter active duty, and community reinvestment. additionally, the volume and complexity of recent regulatory changes have increased our overall compliance risk. as such, we utilize various resources to help ensure expectations are met, including a team of compliance experts dedicated to ensuring our conformance with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations. our colleagues receive training for several broad-based laws and regulations including, but not limited to, anti-money laundering and customer privacy. additionally, colleagues engaged in lending activities receive training for laws and regulations related to flood disaster protection, equal credit opportunity, fair lending, and/or other courses related to the extension of credit. we set a high standard of expectation for adherence to compliance management and seek to continuously enhance our performance.
capital
(this section should be read in conjunction with the regulatory matters section included in part 1, item 1 and note 22 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.)
both regulatory capital and shareholders' equity are managed at the bank and on a consolidated basis. we have an active program for managing capital and maintain a comprehensive process for assessing the company's overall capital adequacy. we believe our current levels of both regulatory capital and shareholders' equity are adequate.
65
regulatory capital we are subject to the basel iii capital requirements including the standardized approach for calculating risk-weighted assets in accordance with subpart d of the final capital rule. the following table presents risk-weighted assets and other financial data necessary to calculate certain financial ratios, including the common cet1 on a basel iii basis, which we use to measure capital adequacy.
table 24 - capital under current regulatory standards (transitional basel iii basis) (non-gaap)
(dollar amounts in millions, except per share amounts)                                                                                                        at december 31,
2017                                                2016
cet 1 risk-based capital ratio:
total shareholders' equity                                                                           $10,814                                             $10,308
regulatory capital adjustments:
shareholders' preferred equity and related surplus                                                    (1,076            )                                 (1,076            )
accumulated other comprehensive loss (income) offset                                                     528                                                 401
goodwill and other intangibles, net of taxes                                                          (2,200            )                                 (2,126            )
deferred tax assets that arise from tax loss and credit carryforwards                                    (25            )                                    (21            )
cet 1 capital                                                                                          8,041                                               7,486
additional tier 1 capital shareholders' preferred equity                                                                         1,076                                               1,076
other                                                                                                     (7            )                                    (15            )
tier 1 capital                                                                                         9,110                                               8,547
ltd and other tier 2 qualifying instruments                                                              869                                                 932
qualifying allowance for loan and lease losses                                                           778                                                 736
tier 2 capital                                                                                         1,647                                               1,668
total risk-based capital                                                                             $10,757                                             $10,215
risk-weighted assets (rwa)                                                                           $80,340                                             $78,263
cet 1 risk-based capital ratio                                                                         10.01            %                                   9.56            %
other regulatory capital data:
tier 1 leverage ratio                                                                                   9.09                                                8.70
tier 1 risk-based capital ratio                                                                        11.34                                               10.92
total risk-based capital ratio                                                                         13.39                                               13.05
tangible common equity / rwa ratio                                                                      9.31                                                8.92
table 25 - capital adequacy-non-regulatory (non-gaap)
(dollar amounts in millions)                                                              at december 31,
2017                                                                                                 2016
consolidated capital calculations:
common shareholders' equity                                $9,743                          $9,237
preferred shareholders' equity                              1,071                           1,071
total shareholders' equity                                 10,814                          10,308
goodwill                                                   (1,993       )                  (1,993       )
other intangible assets                                      (346       )                    (402       )
other intangible asset deferred tax liability (1)              73                             141
total tangible equity                                       8,548                           8,054
preferred shareholders' equity                             (1,071       )                  (1,071       )
total tangible common equity                               $7,477                          $6,983
total assets                                             $104,185                         $99,714
goodwill                                                   (1,993       )                  (1,993       )
other intangible assets                                      (346       )                    (402       )
other intangible asset deferred tax liability (1)              73                             141
total tangible assets                                    $101,919                         $97,460
tangible equity / tangible asset ratio                       8.39       %                    8.26       %
tangible common equity / tangible asset ratio                7.34                            7.16
(1)   other intangible assets are net of deferred tax liability.
66
the following table presents certain regulatory capital data at both the consolidated and bank levels for the past two years:
table 26 - regulatory capital data at december 31,
(dollar amounts in millions)                                                   basel iii
2017                                           2016
total risk-weighted assets           consolidated     $80,340               $78,263
bank              80,383                78,242
cet 1 risk-based capital             consolidated       8,041                 7,486
bank               8,856                 8,153
tier 1 risk-based capital            consolidated       9,110                 8,547
bank               9,727                 9,086
tier 2 risk-based capital            consolidated       1,647                 1,668
bank               1,790                 1,732
total risk-based capital             consolidated      10,757                10,215
bank              11,517                10,818
tier 1 leverage ratio                consolidated        9.09    %             8.70    %
bank                9.70                  9.29
cet 1 risk-based capital ratio       consolidated       10.01                  9.56
bank               11.02                 10.42
tier 1 risk-based capital ratio      consolidated       11.34                 10.92
bank               12.10                 11.61
total risk-based capital ratio       consolidated       13.39                 13.05
bank               14.33                 13.83
at december 31, 2017, we maintained basel iii transitional capital ratios in excess of the well-capitalized standards established by the frb.
cet1 risk-based capital ratio was 10.01% at december 31, 2017, up from 9.56% at december 31, 2016. the regulatory tier 1 risk-based capital ratio was 11.34% compared to 10.92% at december 31, 2016. all capital ratios were impacted by positive earnings including the one-time tax benefit (see significant items) which resulted in a favorable impact on the ratios, partially offset by loan growth and the repurchase of $260 million of common stock during 2017.
shareholders' equity we generate shareholders' equity primarily through the retention of earnings, net of dividends and share repurchases. other potential sources of shareholders' equity include issuances of common and preferred stock. our objective is to maintain capital at an amount commensurate with our risk profile and risk tolerance objectives, to meet both regulatory and market expectations, and to provide the flexibility needed for future growth and business opportunities.
shareholders' equity totaled $10.8 billion at december 31, 2017, an increase of $0.5 billion when compared with december 31, 2016.
on june 28, 2017, huntington was notified by the federal reserve that it had no objection to huntington's proposed capital actions included in huntington's capital plan submitted in the 2017 ccar. these actions included a 38% increase in quarterly dividend per common share to $0.11, starting in the fourth quarter of 2017, the repurchase of up to $308 million of common stock over the next four quarters (july 1, 2017 through june 30, 2018), subject to authorization by the board of directors, and maintaining dividends on the outstanding classes of preferred stock and trust preferred securities.
on july 19, 2017, the board authorized the repurchase of up to $308 million of common stock over the four quarters through the 2018 second quarter. during 2017, huntington purchased $260 million of common stock at an average cost of $13.38 per share. purchases of common stock under the authorization may include open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, and accelerated repurchase programs.
dividends we consider disciplined capital management as a key objective, with dividends representing one component. our current capital ratios and expectations for continued earnings growth positions us to continue to actively explore additional capital management opportunities.
share repurchases from time to time the board of directors authorizes the company to repurchase shares of our common stock. although we announce when the board of directors authorizes share repurchases, we typically do not give any public notice before we repurchase
67
our shares. future stock repurchases may be private or open-market repurchases, including block transactions, accelerated or delayed block transactions, forward transactions, and similar transactions. various factors determine the amount and timing of our share repurchases, including our capital requirements, the number of shares we expect to issue for employee benefit plans and acquisitions, market conditions (including the trading price of our stock), and regulatory and legal considerations, including the frb's response to our annual capital plan. there were 19.4 million common shares repurchased during 2017.
business segment discussion overview our business segments are based on our internally-aligned segment leadership structure, which is how we monitor results and assess performance. we have four major business segments: consumer and business banking, commercial banking, vehicle finance, and regional banking and the huntington private client group (rbhpcg). the treasury / other function includes technology and operations, other unallocated assets, liabilities, revenue, and expense.
we announced a change in our executive leadership team, which became effective at the end of 2017. as a result, commercial real estate is now included as an operating unit in the commercial banking segment. during the 2017 second quarter, the previously reported home lending segment was included as an operating unit within the consumer and business banking segment. additionally, the insurance operating unit previously included in commercial banking was realigned to rbhpcg during second quarter. prior period results have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation.
business segment results are determined based upon our management reporting system, which assigns balance sheet and income statement items to each of the business segments. the process is designed around our organizational and management structure and, accordingly, the results derived are not necessarily comparable with similar information published by other financial institutions.
revenue sharing revenue is recorded in the business segment responsible for the related product or service. fee sharing is recorded to allocate portions of such revenue to other business segments involved in selling to, or providing service to customers. results of operations for the business segments reflect these fee sharing allocations.
expense allocation the management accounting process that develops the business segment reporting utilizes various estimates and allocation methodologies to measure the performance of the business segments. expenses are allocated to business segments using a two-phase approach. the first phase consists of measuring and assigning unit costs (activity-based costs) to activities related to product origination and servicing. these activity-based costs are then extended, based on volumes, with the resulting amount allocated to business segments that own the related products. the second phase consists of the allocation of overhead costs to all four business segments from treasury / other. we utilize a full-allocation methodology, where all treasury / other expenses, except reported significant items, and a small amount of other residual unallocated expenses, are allocated to the four business segments.
funds transfer pricing (ftp)
we use an active and centralized ftp methodology to attribute appropriate net interest income to the business segments. the intent of the ftp methodology is to transfer interest rate risk from the business segments by providing matched duration funding of assets and liabilities. the result is to centralize the financial impact, management, and reporting of interest rate risk in the treasury / other function where it can be centrally monitored and managed. the treasury / other function charges (credits) an internal cost of funds for assets held in (or pays for funding provided by) each business segment. the ftp rate is based on prevailing market interest rates for comparable duration assets (or liabilities). a new methodology for establishing ftp rates was adopted in 2017, therefore, prior period amounts have been restated to reflect the new methodology.
net income by business segment net income by business segment for the past three years is presented in the following table:
table 27 - net income (loss) by business segment year ended december 31,
(dollar amounts in millions)                  2017                        2016                        2015
consumer and business banking          $346                        $304                        $211
commercial banking                      439                         320                         270
vehicle finance                         146                         126                          93
rbhpcg                                   84                          67                          37
treasury / other                        171                        (105      )                   82
net income                           $1,186                        $712                        $693
68
treasury / other the treasury / other function includes revenue and expense related to assets, liabilities, and equity not directly assigned or allocated to one of the four business segments. other assets include investment securities and bank owned life insurance. the financial impact associated with our ftp methodology, as described above, is also included. the net loss reported by the treasury / other function reflected a combination of factors including the impact of our investment securities portfolios and the net impact of derivatives used to hedge interest rate sensitivity. noninterest expense includes $154 million of firstmerit acquisition-related expense, $123 million of federal tax reform-related tax benefit, certain corporate administrative, and other miscellaneous expenses not allocated to other business segments. the provision for income taxes for the business segments is calculated at a statutory 35% tax rate, though our overall effective tax rate is lower. as a result, treasury / other reflects a credit for income taxes representing the difference between the lower actual effective tax rate and the statutory tax rate used to allocate income taxes to the business segments.
consumer and business banking table 28 - key performance indicators for consumer and business banking year ended december 31,                          change from 2016
(dollar amounts in millions unless otherwise noted)              2017                    2016                  amount           percent                    2015
net interest income                                      $1,555                  $1,224                    $331                27     %              $995
provision for credit losses                                 110                      68                      42                62                      45
noninterest income                                          735                     650                      85                13                     566
noninterest expense                                       1,647                   1,338                     309                23                   1,192
provision for income taxes                                  187                     164                      23                14                     113
net income                                                 $346                    $304                     $42                14     %              $211
number of employees (average full-time equivalent)        8,616                   7,466                   1,150                15     %             6,523
total average assets                                    $25,620                 $21,291                  $4,329                20                 $18,744
total average loans/leases                               20,708                  17,835                   2,873                16                  16,103
total average deposits                                   45,515                  36,726                   8,789                24                  30,396
net interest margin                                        3.51     %              3.41     %              0.10     %           3                    3.33     %
ncos                                                       $104                     $74                     $30                41                     $68
ncos as a % of average loans and leases                    0.50     %              0.42     %              0.08     %          19     %              0.43     %
2017 versus 2016
consumer and business banking, including home lending, reported net income of $346 million in 2017, an increase of $42 million, or 14%, compared to the prior year. results reflect the full year impact of the firstmerit acquisition. segment net interest income increased $331 million, or 27%, primarily due to an increase in total average loans and deposits. the provision for credit losses increased $42 million, or 62%, driven by increased ncos, as well as an increase in the allowance, primarily related to the other consumer loan and business banking portfolios. noninterest income increased $85 million, or 13%, due to an increase in card and payment processing income and service charges on deposit accounts, which were driven by higher debit card-related transaction volumes and an increase in the number of households served. in addition, sba loan sales gains contributed to improved noninterest income. noninterest expense increased $309 million, or 23%, due to an increase in personnel and occupancy expense related to the full year impact from adding firstmerit branches and colleagues. higher processing costs related to transaction volumes, along with allocated expenses, also contributed to the increase in noninterest expense.
home lending, an operating unit of consumer and business banking, reflects the result of the origination of mortgage loans less referral fees and net interest income for mortgage banking products distributed by the retail branch network and other business segments. home lending reported net income of $15 million in 2017, a decrease of $8 million, or 35%, compared to the year-ago period. while total revenues increased $8 million, or 5%, largely due to higher residential loan balances, this increase was offset by an increase in noninterest expenses of $18 million, or 15%, as a result of higher personnel costs related to the firstmerit acquisition and higher origination volume. income from lower origination spreads offset income from higher origination volume.
2016 versus 2015
consumer and business banking reported net income of $304 million in 2016, compared with a net income of $211 million in 2015. the $93 million increase included a $23 million, or 51%, increase in provision for credit losses, an $84 million, or 15%, increase noninterest income, and a $229 million, or 23%, increase in net interest income partially offset by a $51 million, or 45%, increase in provision for income taxes and a $146 million, or 12%, increase in noninterest expense.
home lending reported net income of $23 million in 2016, an increase of $27 million, compared to the year-ago period. the $27 million increase included an $8 million, or 14% increase in net interest income, a $6 million decrease in provision for credit losses, and a $4 million, or 5% increase in noninterest income. total noninterest expense decreased $24 million, or 16%, and provision for income taxes increased by $15 million. results were impacted by the firstmerit acquisition.
69
commercial banking table 29 - key performance indicators for commercial banking year ended december 31,                           change from 2016
(dollar amounts in millions unless otherwise noted)              2017                    2016                  amount            percent                    2015
net interest income                                        $899                    $725                    $174                 24   %                $560
provision for credit losses                                  28                      79                     (51     )          (65   )                  16
noninterest income                                          278                     244                      34                 14                     214
noninterest expense                                         474                     398                      76                 19                     343
provision for income taxes                                  236                     172                      64                 37                     145
net income                                                 $439                    $320                    $119                 37   %                $270
number of employees (average full-time equivalent)        1,227                   1,075                     152                 14   %                 896
total average assets                                    $31,363                 $26,899                  $4,464                 17                 $21,652
total average loans/leases                               25,299                  21,282                   4,017                 19                  17,545
total average deposits                                   21,116                  17,355                   3,761                 22                  15,273
net interest margin                                        3.17     %              2.98     %              0.19     %            6                    2.85     %
ncos                                                         $1                      $2                     $(1     )          (50   )                 $(6     )
ncos as a % of average loans and leases                       -     %              0.01     %             (0.01    )%         (100   )%              (0.03    )%
2017 versus 2016
commercial banking reported net income of $439 million in 2017, an increase of $119 million, or 37%, compared with net income of $320 million in 2016. results reflect the full year impact of the firstmerit acquisition. segment net interest income increased $174 million, or 24%, primarily due to an increase in both average loans and deposits combined with a 19 basis point increase in net interest margin. the provision for credit losses decreased $51 million, or 65%, driven by an improvement in energy related credits and a reduction in ncos. noninterest income increased $34 million, or 14%, largely driven by an increase in capital markets related revenues, equipment finance fee income net of a reduction in operating lease income and deposit service charges and other treasury management related income. noninterest expense increased $76 million, or 19%, primarily due to an increase in personnel expense, allocated expenses, and amortization of intangibles, partially offset by a decrease in operating lease expense.
2016 versus 2015
commercial banking reported net income of $320 million in 2016, compared with net income of $270 million in 2015. the $50 million increase included a $165 million, or 29%, increase in net interest income, $30 million, or 14% increase in noninterest income, offset by a $55 million, or 16%, increase in noninterest expense and a $63 million, or 394%, increase in provision for credit losses.
vehicle finance table 30 - key performance indicators for vehicle finance year ended december 31,                          change from 2016
(dollar amounts in millions unless otherwise noted)               2017                    2016                  amount           percent                    2015
net interest income                                         $424                    $345                     $79                23     %              $262
provision (reduction in allowance) for credit losses          63                      47                      16                34                      39
noninterest income                                            14                      14                       -                 -                      13
noninterest expense                                          150                     118                      32                27                      93
provision for income taxes                                    79                      68                      11                16                      50
net income                                                  $146                    $126                     $20                16     %               $93
number of employees (average full-time equivalent)           253                     211                      42                20     %               174
total average assets                                     $16,966                 $14,369                  $2,597                18                 $11,367
total average loans/leases                                16,936                  14,089                   2,847                20                  11,138
total average deposits                                       310                     275                      35                13                     238
net interest margin                                         2.50     %              2.40     %              0.10     %           4                    2.31     %
ncos                                                         $52                     $34                     $18                53                     $20
ncos as a % of average loans and leases                     0.31     %              0.24     %              0.07     %          29                    0.18     %
70
2017 versus 2016
vehicle finance reported net income of $146 million in 2017, an increase of $20 million, or 16%, compared with net income of $126 million in 2016. results reflect the full year impact of the firstmerit acquisition, partially offset by a higher provision for credit losses primarily reflecting the $18 million increase in ncos compared to the prior year. segment net interest income increased $79 million or 23%, due to both higher loan balances and a 10 basis point increase in the net interest margin reflecting the purchase accounting impact of the acquired loan portfolios. noninterest income remained flat, while noninterest expense increased $32 million, or 27%, primarily due to an increase in personnel costs associated with retained firstmerit colleagues and other allocated costs attributed to higher production and portfolio balance levels.
2016 versus 2015
vehicle finance reported net income of $126 million in 2016, compared with net income of $93 million in 2015. the $33 million increase included an $83 million, or 32%, increase in net interest income primarily due to a 26% increase in average loans and a 9 basis point increase in the net interest margin. this increase was partially offset by an $8 million, or 21%, increase in the provision for credit losses and an $18 million, or 36%, increase in the provision for income taxes.
regional banking and the huntington private client group table 31 - key performance indicators for regional banking and the huntington private client group year ended december 31,                                        change from 2016
(dollar amounts in millions unless otherwise noted)                           2017                                    2016                          amount                 percent                            2015
net interest income                                                 $184                                    $152                               $32                      21       %                    $125
provision (reduction in allowance) for credit losses                   -                                      (3         )                       3                     100                               -
noninterest income                                                   188                                     177                                11                       6                             174
noninterest expense                                                  243                                     229                                14                       6                             241
provision for income taxes                                            45                                      36                                 9                      25                              21
net income                                                           $84                                     $67                               $17                      25       %                     $37
number of employees (average full-time equivalent)                 1,023                                     977                                46                       5       %                   1,019
total average assets                                              $5,538                                  $4,637                              $901                      19                          $4,187
total average loans/leases                                         4,853                                   4,141                               712                      17                           3,763
total average deposits                                             5,882                                   5,274                               608                      12                           4,671
net interest margin                                                 3.21         %                          2.91         %                    0.30       %              10                            2.66       %
ncos                                                                  $2                                     $(2         )                      $4                     200                              $5
ncos as a % of average loans and leases                             0.04         %                         (0.05        )%                    0.09       %             180                            0.13       %
total assets under management (in billions)-eop                    $18.3                                   $16.9                              $1.4                       8                           $16.3
total trust assets (in billions)-eop                               110.1                                    94.7                              15.4                      16                            84.1
eop-end of period.
2017 versus 2016
rbhpcg reported net income of $84 million in 2017, an increase of $17 million, or 25%, compared with a net income of $67 million in 2016. results reflect the full year impact of the firstmerit acquisition. net interest income increased $32 million, or 21%, due to an increase in average total deposits and loans combined with a 30 basis point increase in net interest margin. the increase in average total loans was due to growth in commercial and portfolio mortgage loans, while the increase in average total deposits was due to growth in both interest checking accounts and balances. the provision for credit losses increased by $3 million, or 100%. noninterest income increased $11 million, or 6%, primarily reflecting increased trust and investment management revenue as a result of an increase in trust assets and assets under management, largely from the firstmerit acquisition. noninterest expense increased $14 million, or 6%, as a result of increased personnel expenses and amortization of intangibles resulting from the firstmerit acquisition.
2016 versus 2015
rbhpcg reported net income of $67 million in 2016, compared with a net income of $37 million in 2015. the $30 million increase included a $3 million, or 2%, increase in noninterest income, a $3 million decrease in the provision for credit losses, a $12 million, or 5% decrease in noninterest expense, partially offset by a $27 million, or 22%, increase in net interest income and a $15 million, or 71%, increase in provision for income taxes.
71
results for the fourth quarter earnings discussion in the 2017 fourth quarter, we reported net income of $432 million, an increase of $193 million, or 81%, from the 2016 fourth quarter. diluted earnings per common share for the 2017 fourth quarter were $0.37, an increase of $0.17 from the year-ago quarter.
table 32 - significant items influencing earnings performance comparison
(dollar amounts in millions, except per share amounts)
three months ended:                                                                 amount               eps (1)
december 31, 2017-net income                                              $432
earnings per share, after-tax                                                                            $0.37
federal tax reform-related tax benefit                                      $-
tax impact                                                                 123
federal tax reform-related tax benefit, after-tax                         $123                           $0.11
amount               eps (1)
december 31, 2016-net income                                              $239
earnings per share, after-tax                                                                            $0.20
mergers and acquisitions                                                  $(96           )
tax impact                                                                  33
mergers and acquisitions, after-tax                                       $(63           )               $(0.06                  )
litigation reserves                                                        $42
tax impact                                                                 (15           )
litigation reserves, after-tax                                             $27                           $0.02
(1)   based on average outstanding diluted common shares.
net interest income / average balance sheet fully-taxable equivalent (fte) net interest income for the 2017 fourth quarter increased $34 million, or 5%, from the 2016 fourth quarter. this reflected the benefit from the $2.5 billion, or 3%, increase in average earning assets partially coupled with a 5 basis point improvement in the fte net interest margin (nim) to 3.30%. average earning asset growth included a $2.5 billion, or 4%, increase in average loans and leases and a $1.9 billion, or 8%, increase in average securities, partially offset by a $1.9 billion, or 76%, decrease in average loans held for sale related to the balance sheet optimization activities executed in the year-ago quarter. the nim expansion reflected a 23 basis point increase in earning asset yields and a 7 basis point increase in the benefit from noninterest-bearing funds, partially offset by a 25 basis point increase in funding costs. the cost of interest-bearing deposits increased 14 basis points from the year-ago quarter. fte net interest income during the 2017 fourth quarter included $24 million, or approximately 10 basis points, of purchase accounting impact compared to $42 million, or approximately 18 basis points, in the year-ago quarter.
72
table 33 - average earning assets - 2017 fourth quarter vs. 2016 fourth quarter fourth quarter                                                  change
(dollar amounts in millions)                                    2017   2016                                                   amount                 percent loans/leases commercial and industrial                            $27,445                         $27,727                           $(282       )              (1      )%
commercial real estate                                 7,196                           7,218                             (22       )               -
total commercial                                      34,641                          34,945                            (304       )              (1       )
automobile                                            11,963                          10,866                           1,097                      10
home equity                                           10,027                          10,101                             (74       )              (1       )
residential mortgage                                   8,809                           7,690                           1,119                      15
rv and marine finance                                  2,405                           1,844                             561                      30
other consumer                                         1,095           959                                               136                      14
total consumer                                        34,299                          31,460                           2,839                       9
total loans/leases                                    68,940                          66,405                           2,535                       4
total securities                                      24,309                          22,441                           1,868                       8
loans held-for-sale and other earning assets             688                           2,617                          (1,929       )             (74       )
total earning assets                                 $93,937                         $91,463                          $2,474                       3       %
average earning assets for the 2017 fourth quarter increased $2.5 billion, or 3%, from the year-ago quarter. average securities increased $1.9 billion, or 8%, primarily reflecting the reinvestment of proceeds of the $1.5 billion auto loan securitization completed in the year-ago quarter. average total loans and leases increased $2.5 billion, or 4%. average residential mortgage loans increased $1.1 billion, or 15%, reflecting the benefit of the ongoing expansion of the home lending business. average automobile loans increased $1.1 billion, or 10%, reflecting continued strength in new and used automobile originations across our 23-state auto finance lending footprint. average rv and marine finance loans increased $0.6 billion, or 30%, reflecting the success of the well-managed expansion of the acquired business into 17 new states over the past year. partially offsetting these increases, average loans held for sale and other earning assets decreased $1.9 billion, or 74%, reflecting the balance sheet optimization strategy executed in the year-ago quarter.
table 34 - average interest-bearing liabilities - 2017 fourth quarter vs. 2016 fourth quarter fourth quarter                                                         change
(dollar amounts in millions)                                      2017                                2016                              amount                    percent deposits demand deposits: noninterest-bearing                  $21,745                             $23,250                             $(1,505        )                (6       )%
demand deposits: interest-bearing                      18,175                              15,294                               2,881                         19
total demand deposits                                  39,920                              38,544                               1,376                          4
money market deposits                                  20,731                              18,618                               2,113                         11
savings and other domestic deposits                    11,348                              12,272                                (924        )                (8        )
core certificates of deposit                            1,947                               2,636                                (689        )               (26        )
total core deposits                                    73,946                              72,070                               1,876                          3
other domestic deposits of $250,000 or more               400                                 391                                   9                          2
brokered deposits and negotiable cds                    3,391                               4,273                                (882        )               (21        )
deposits in foreign offices                                 -                                 152                                (152        )              (100        )
total deposits                                         77,737                              76,886                                 851                          1
short-term borrowings                                   2,837                               2,628                                 209                          8
long-term debt                                          9,232                               8,594                                 638                          7
total interest-bearing liabilities                    $68,061                             $64,858                              $3,203                          5        %
average total deposits for the 2017 fourth quarter increased $0.9 billion, or 1%, from the year-ago quarter, while average total core deposits increased $1.9 billion, or 3%. average total interest-bearing liabilities increased $3.2 billion, or 5%, from the year-ago quarter. average money market deposits increased $2.1 billion, or 11%, reflecting certain specialty banking relationships with expected deposit fluctuations and continued deepening of consumer relationships. average demand deposits increased $1.4 billion, or 4%, comprised of a $1.3 billion, or 5%, increase in average commercial demand deposits and a $0.1 billion, or 1%, increase in average consumer demand deposits. the growth in commercial demand deposits reflected growth within interest bearing demand deposits. average long-term debt increased $0.6 billion, or 7%, reflecting the issuance of $1.7 billion and maturity of $1.2 billion of senior debt over the past five quarters. on the other hand, average savings deposits
73
decreased $0.9 billion, or 8%, primarily reflecting the deposit and branch divestiture completed during the year-ago quarter and runoff in acquired firstmerit deposits. average brokered deposits and negotiable cds decreased $0.9 billion, or 21%.
provision for credit losses the provision for credit losses decreased to $65 million in the 2017 fourth quarter compared to $75 million in the 2016 fourth quarter.
noninterest income table 35 - noninterest income - 2017 fourth quarter vs. 2016 fourth quarter fourth quarter                                                  change
(dollar amounts in millions)                                2017                            2016                          amount                 percent service charges on deposit accounts                  $91                             $92                             $(1       )              (1      )%
cards and payment processing income                   53                              49                               4                       8
trust and management investment services              41                              39                               2                       5
mortgage banking income                               33                              38                              (5       )             (13       )
insurance income                                      21                              21                               -                       -
capital markets fees                                  23                              19                               4                      21
bank owned life insurance income                      18                              17                               1                       6
gain on sale of loans                                 17                              25                              (8       )             (32       )
securities gains (losses)                             (4       )                      (2       )                      (2       )            (100       )
other income                                          47                              36                              11                      31
total noninterest income                            $340                            $334                              $6                       2       %
noninterest income for the 2017 fourth quarter increased $6 million, or 2%, from the year-ago quarter. other income increased $11 million, or 31%, primarily reflecting a $10 million benefit related to elevated derivative ineffectiveness recognized in the year-ago quarter and a $5 million increase in servicing income. gain on sale of loans decreased $8 million, or 32%, primarily reflecting the $11 million of gains related to the balance sheet optimization strategy completed in the 2016 fourth quarter. mortgage banking income decreased $5 million, or 13%, primarily reflecting a $6 million decrease from net mortgage servicing rights (msr) risk management-related activities.
74
noninterest expense table 36 - noninterest expense - 2017 fourth quarter vs. 2016 fourth quarter fourth quarter                                                  change
(dollar amounts in millions)                                          2017                            2016                          amount                 percent personnel costs                                               $373                            $360                             $13                       4   %
outside data processing and other services                      71                              89                             (18       )             (20   )
net occupancy                                                   36                              49                             (13       )             (27   )
equipment                                                       36                              60                             (24       )             (40   )
deposit and other insurance expense                             19                              16                               3                      19
professional services                                           18                              23                              (5       )             (22   )
marketing                                                       10                              21                             (11       )             (52   )
amortization of intangibles                                     14                              14                               -                       -
other expense                                                   56                              49                               7                      14
total noninterest expense                                     $633                            $681                            $(48       )              (7   )%
number of employees (average full-time equivalent)          15,375                          15,993                            (618       )              (4   )%
impacts of significant items:                fourth quarter
(dollar amounts in millions)                 2017                        2016
personnel costs                              $-                      $(5    )
outside data processing and other services   -                        15
net occupancy                                -                         7
equipment                                    -                        20
professional services                        -                         9
marketing                                    -                         4
other expense                                -                         3
total noninterest expense adjustments        $-                      $53
adjusted noninterest expense (non-gaap):
fourth quarter                            change
(dollar amounts in millions)                            2017                2016            amount         percent personnel costs                                    $373                $365                $8              2     %
outside data processing and other services           71                  74                (3    )        (4     )
net occupancy                                        36                  42                (6    )       (14     )
equipment                                            36                  40                (4    )       (10     )
deposit and other insurance expense                  19                  16                 3             19
professional services                                18                  14                 4             29
marketing                                            10                  17                (7    )       (41     )
amortization of intangibles                          14                  14                 -              -
other expense                                        56                  46                10             22
total adjusted noninterest expense (non-gaap)      $633                $628                $5              1     %
reported noninterest expense for the 2017 fourth quarter decreased $48 million, or 7%, from the year-ago quarter, primarily reflecting the impact of significant items in the year-ago quarter. net occupancy costs decreased $13 million, or 27%, primarily reflecting $7 million of acquisition-related significant items in the 2016 fourth quarter and the benefit of branch and corporate office consolidations completed during the past year. marketing decreased $11 million, or 52%, primarily reflecting elevated marketing activities in the year-ago quarter related to the firstmerit acquisition and timing of marketing campaigns within the 2017 calendar year. personnel costs increased $13 million, or 4%, reflecting annual merit increases, higher medical claims, and $5 million of acquisition-related expense reversals in the year ago quarter. other expense increased $7 million, or 14%, primarily reflecting the $6 million benefit related to the extinguishment of trust preferred securities in the 2016 fourth quarter.
provision for income taxes
(this section should be read in conjunction with note 1 and note 17 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.)
the provision for income taxes in the 2017 fourth quarter was a $20 million benefit compared to $74 million expense in the 2016 fourth quarter. the effective tax rates for the 2017 fourth quarter and 2016 fourth quarter were (4.8%) and 23.6%
75
respectively. included in the 2017 fourth quarter results is $123 million tax benefit related to the tcja enacted on december 22, 2017, primarily attributed to the revaluation of net deferred tax liabilities at the lower statutory federal income tax rate. at december 31, 2017, we had a net federal deferred tax liability of $57 million and a net state deferred tax asset of $25 million.
credit quality ncos net charge-offs (ncos) decreased $3 million, or 7%, to $41 million. ncos represented an annualized 0.24% of average loans and leases in the current quarter, down from 0.26% in the year-ago quarter. commercial charge-offs continued to be positively impacted by recoveries in the cre portfolio and broader continued successful workout strategies, while consumer charge-offs remained within our expected range.
nals overall asset quality remains strong. the overall consumer credit metrics continue to perform as expected, with a modest seasonal impact evident across the portfolios. the commercial portfolios have performed consistently, with some quarter-to-quarter volatility as a result of the absolute low level of problem loans.
nonaccrual loans and leases (nals) of $349 million represented 0.50% of total loans and leases, down from 0.63% a year ago. the decrease in the nal ratio reflected a 17% year-over-year decrease in nals, more than offset by the impact of the 5% year-over-year increase in total loans. nonperforming assets (npas) of $389 million represented 0.55% of total loans and leases and oreo, down from 0.72% a year ago. these ratios remained stable sequentially as the nal ratio increased 1 basis point from the prior quarter, while the npa ratio decreased 1 basis point.
acl
(this section should be read in conjunction with note 4 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.)
the period-end allowance for credit losses (acl) as a percentage of total loans and leases increased to 1.11% from 1.10% a year ago, while the acl as a percentage of period-end total nals increased to 223% from 174%. we believe the level of the acl is appropriate given the consistent improvement in the credit quality metrics and the current composition of the overall loan and lease portfolio.
76
table 37 - selected quarterly financial information (1)
three months ended
(dollar amounts in millions, except per share amounts)            december 31,              september 30,                  june 30,                 march 31,
2017                                                                                                 2017                      2017                      2017
interest income                                                    $894                       $873                       $846                      $820
interest expense                                                    124                        115                        101                        91
net interest income                                                 770                        758                        745                       729
provision for credit losses                                          65                         43                         25                        68
net interest income after provision for credit losses               705                        715                        720                       661
total noninterest income                                            340                        330                        325                       312
total noninterest expense                                           633                        680                        694                       707
income before income taxes                                          412                        365                        351                       266
provision (benefit) for income taxes                                (20      )                  90                         79                        59
net income                                                          432                        275                        272                       207
dividends on preferred shares                                        19                         19                         19                        19
net income applicable to common shares                             $413                       $256                       $253                      $188
common shares outstanding (000)
average-basic                                                 1,077,397                  1,086,038                  1,088,934                 1,086,374
average-diluted(2)                                            1,130,117                  1,106,491                  1,108,527                 1,108,617
ending                                                        1,072,027                  1,080,946                  1,090,016                 1,087,120
book value per common share                                       $9.09                      $8.91                      $8.79                     $8.62
tangible book value per common share(3)                            6.97                       6.85                       6.74                      6.55
per common share net income-basic                                                  $0.38                      $0.24                      $0.23                     $0.17
net income-diluted                                                 0.37                       0.23                       0.23                      0.17
cash dividends declared                                            0.11                       0.08                       0.08                      0.08
common stock price, per share high(4)                                                          $14.93                     $14.05                     $13.79                    $14.74
low(4)                                                            13.04                      12.14                      12.23                     12.37
close                                                             14.56                      13.96                      13.52                     13.39
average closing price                                             13.47                      13.15                      12.95                     13.66
return on average total assets                                     1.67      %                1.08      %                1.09     %                0.84     %
return on average common shareholders' equity                      17.0                       10.5                       10.6                       8.2
return on average tangible common shareholders' equity(5)          22.7                       14.1                       14.4                      11.3
efficiency ratio(6)                                                54.9                       60.5                       62.9                      65.7
effective tax rate                                                 (4.8      )                24.7                       22.4                      22.2
margin analysis-as a % of average earning assets(7)
interest income(7)                                                 3.83      %                3.78      %                3.75     %                3.70     %
interest expense                                                   0.53                       0.49                       0.44                      0.40
net interest margin(7)                                             3.30      %                3.29      %                3.31     %                3.30     %
revenue-fte net interest income                                                $770                       $758                       $745                      $729
fte adjustment                                                       12                         13                         12                        13
net interest income(7)                                              782                        771                        757                       742
noninterest income                                                  340                        330                        325                       312
total revenue(7)                                                 $1,122                     $1,101                     $1,082                    $1,054
77
table 38 - selected quarterly capital data (1)
2017
capital adequacy                                                december 31,             september 30,              june 30,              march 31, total risk-weighted assets(10)                                $80,340                   $78,631                 $78,366               $77,559
tier 1 leverage ratio (period end)(10)                           9.09      %               8.96      %             8.98    %             8.76     %
cet 1 risk-based capital ratio(10)                              10.01                      9.94                    9.88                  9.74
tier 1 risk-based capital ratio (period end)(10)                11.34                     11.30                   11.24                 11.11
total risk-based capital ratio (period end)(10)                 13.39                     13.39                   13.33                 13.26
tangible common equity / tangible asset ratio(8)                 7.34                      7.42                    7.41                  7.28
tangible equity / tangible asset ratio(9)                        8.39                      8.49                    8.49                  8.38
tangible common equity / risk-weighted assets ratio(10)          9.31                      9.41                    9.37                  9.18
(1)   comparisons for presented periods are impacted by a number of factors. refer to the significant items section for additional discussion regarding these items.
(2)   for all quarterly periods presented prior to december 31, 2017, the impact of the convertible preferred stock issued in april of 2008 was excluded from the diluted share calculation because the result would have been higher than basic earnings per common share (anti-dilutive) for the periods.
(3)   other intangible assets are net of deferred tax liability.
(4)   high and low stock prices are intra-day quotes obtained from bloomberg.
(5)   net income applicable to common shares excluding expense for amortization of intangibles for the period divided by average tangible shareholders' equity. average tangible shareholders' equity equals average total shareholders' equity less average intangible assets and goodwill. expense for amortization of intangibles and average intangible assets are net of deferred tax liability.
(6)   noninterest expense less amortization of intangibles and goodwill impairment divided by the sum of fte net interest income and noninterest income excluding securities gains (losses).
(7)   presented on a fte basis assuming a 35% tax rate.
(8)   tangible common equity (total common equity less goodwill and other intangible assets) divided by tangible assets (total assets less goodwill and other intangible assets). other intangible assets are net of deferred tax. (non-gaap)
(9)   tangible equity (total equity less goodwill and other intangible assets) divided by tangible assets (total assets less goodwill and other intangible assets). other intangible assets are net of deferred tax.
(10)   on january 1, 2015, we became subject to the basel iii capital requirements and the standardized approach for calculating risk-weighted assets in accordance with subpart d of the final capital rule.
78
table 39 - selected quarterly financial information (1)
three months ended
(dollar amounts in millions, except per share amounts)            december 31,              september 30,                june 30,               march 31,
2016                                                                                                 2016                    2016                    2016
interest income                                                    $815                       $694                     $566                    $557
interest expense                                                     80                         69                       60                      54
net interest income                                                 735                        625                      506                     503
provision for credit losses                                          75                         63                       25                      28
net interest income after provision for credit losses               660                        562                      481                     475
total noninterest income                                            334                        303                      271                     242
total noninterest expense                                           681                        713                      523                     491
income before income taxes                                          313                        152                      229                     226
provision for income taxes                                           74                         25                       54                      55
net income                                                          239                        127                      175                     171
dividends on preferred shares                                        19                         18                       20                       8
net income applicable to common shares                             $220                       $109                     $155                    $163
common shares outstanding (000)
average-basic                                                 1,085,253                    938,578                  798,167                 795,755
average-diluted(2)                                            1,104,358                    952,081                  810,371                 808,349
ending                                                        1,085,688                  1,084,783                  799,154                 796,689
book value per share                                              $8.51                      $8.59                    $8.18                   $8.01
tangible book value per share(3)                                   6.43                       6.48                     7.29                    7.12
per common share net income-basic                                                  $0.20                      $0.12                    $0.19                   $0.21
net income -diluted                                                0.20                       0.11                     0.19                    0.20
cash dividends declared                                            0.08                       0.07                     0.07                    0.07
common stock price, per share high(4)                                                          $13.64                     $10.11                   $10.65                  $10.81
low(4)                                                             9.57                       8.23                     8.05                    7.83
close                                                             13.22                       9.86                     8.94                    9.54
average closing price                                             11.63                       9.52                     9.83                    9.22
return on average total assets                                     0.95      %                0.58      %              0.96     %              0.96     %
return on average common shareholders' equity                       9.4                        5.4                      9.6                    10.4
return on average tangible common shareholders' equity(5)          12.9                        7.0                     11.0                    11.9
efficiency ratio(6)                                                61.6                       75.0                     66.1                    64.6
effective tax rate                                                 23.6                       16.3                     23.7                    24.3
margin analysis-as a % of average earning assets(7)
interest income(7)                                                 3.60      %                3.52      %              3.41     %              3.44     %
interest expense                                                   0.35                       0.34                     0.35                    0.33
net interest margin(7)                                             3.25      %                3.18      %              3.06     %              3.11     %
revenue-fte net interest income                                                $735                       $625                     $506                    $503
fte adjustment                                                       13                         11                       10                       9
net interest income(7)                                              748                        636                      516                     512
noninterest income                                                  334                        302                      271                     242
total revenue(7)                                                 $1,082                       $938                     $787                    $754
79
table 40 - selected quarterly capital data (1)
2016
capital adequacy                                                december 31,             september 30,              june 30,              march 31, total risk-weighted assets(10)                                $78,263                   $80,513                 $60,721               $59,798
tier 1 leverage ratio(10)                                        8.70      %               9.89      %             9.55    %             9.29     %
tier 1 risk-based capital ratio(10)                              9.56                      9.09                    9.80                  9.73
total risk-based capital ratio(10)                              10.92                     10.40                   11.37                 10.99
tier 1 common risk-based capital ratio(10)                      13.05                     12.56                   13.49                 13.17
tangible common equity / tangible asset ratio(8)                 7.16                      7.14                    7.96                  7.89
tangible equity / tangible asset ratio(9)                        8.26                      8.23                    9.28                  8.96
tangible common equity / risk-weighted assets ratio(10)          8.92                      8.74                    9.60                  9.49
(1)   comparisons for presented periods are impacted by a number of factors. refer to the significant items section for additional discussion regarding these items.
(2)   for all quarterly periods presented prior to december 31, 2017, the impact of the convertible preferred stock issued in april of 2008 was excluded from the diluted share calculation because the result would have been higher than basic earnings per common share (anti-dilutive) for the periods.
(3)   other intangible assets are net of deferred tax.
(4)   high and low stock prices are intra-day quotes obtained from bloomberg.
(5)   net income applicable to common shares excluding expense for amortization of intangibles for the period divided by average tangible shareholders' equity. average tangible shareholders' equity equals average total shareholders' equity less average intangible assets and goodwill. expense for amortization of intangibles and average intangible assets are net of deferred tax.
(6)   noninterest expense less amortization of intangibles and goodwill impairment divided by the sum of fte net interest income and noninterest income excluding securities gains (losses).
(7)   presented on a fte basis assuming a 35% tax rate.
(8)   tangible common equity (total common equity less goodwill and other intangible assets) divided by tangible assets (total assets less goodwill and other intangible assets). other intangible assets are net of deferred tax. (non-gaap)
(9)   tangible equity (total equity less goodwill and other intangible assets) divided by tangible assets (total assets less goodwill and other intangible assets). other intangible assets are net of deferred tax.
(10)   on january 1, 2015, we became subject to the basel iii capital requirements and the standardized approach for calculating risk-weighted assets in accordance with subpart d of the final capital rule.
additional disclosures forward-looking statements this report, including md&a, contains certain forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, certain plans, expectations, goals, projections, and statements, which are not historical facts and are subject to numerous assumptions, risks, and uncertainties. statements that do not describe historical or current facts, including statements about beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements. forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as expect, anticipate, believe, intend, estimate, plan, target, goal, or similar expressions, or future or conditional verbs such as will, may, might, should, would, could, or similar variations. the forward-looking statements are intended to be subject to the safe harbor provided by section 27a of the securities act of 1933, section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, and the private securities litigation reform act of 1995.
while there is no assurance that any list of risks and uncertainties or risk factors is complete, below are certain factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained or implied in the forward-looking statements: changes in general economic, political, or industry conditions; uncertainty in u.s. fiscal and monetary policy, including the interest rate policies of the federal reserve board; volatility and disruptions in global capital and credit markets; movements in interest rates; competitive pressures on product pricing and services; success, impact, and timing of our business strategies, including market acceptance of any new products or services implementing our "fair play" banking philosophy; the nature, extent, timing, and results of governmental actions, examinations, reviews, reforms, regulations, and interpretations, including those related to the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act and the basel iii regulatory capital reforms, as well as those involving the occ, federal reserve, fdic, and cfpb; and other factors that may affect our future results.
all forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and are based on information available at that time. we do not assume any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect circumstances or events that occur after the date the forward-looking statements were made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events except as required by federal securities laws. as forward-looking statements involve significant risks and uncertainties, caution should be exercised against placing undue reliance on such statements.
80
non-gaap financial measures this document contains gaap financial measures and non-gaap financial measures where management believes it to be helpful in understanding huntington's results of operations or financial position. where non-gaap financial measures are used, the comparable gaap financial measure, as well as the reconciliation to the comparable gaap financial measure, can be found herein.
significant items from time-to-time, revenue, expenses, or taxes are impacted by items judged by us to be outside of ordinary banking activities and/or by items that, while they may be associated with ordinary banking activities, are so unusually large that their outsized impact is believed by us at that time to be infrequent or short-term in nature. we refer to such items as significant items. most often, these significant items result from factors originating outside the company; e.g., regulatory actions / assessments, windfall gains, one-time tax assessments / refunds, litigation actions, etc. in other cases, they may result from our decisions associated with significant corporate actions outside of the ordinary course of business; e.g., merger / restructuring charges, recapitalization actions, goodwill impairment, etc.
even though certain revenue and expense items are naturally subject to more volatility than others due to changes in market and economic environment conditions, as a general rule volatility alone does not define a significant item. for example, changes in the provision for credit losses, gains / losses from investment activities, asset valuation writedowns, etc., reflect ordinary banking activities and are, therefore, typically excluded from consideration as a significant item.
we believe the disclosure of significant items provides a better understanding of our performance and trends to ascertain which of such items, if any, to include or exclude from an analysis of our performance; i.e., within the context of determining how that performance differed from expectations, as well as how, if at all, to adjust estimates of future performance accordingly. to this end, we adopted a practice of listing significant items in our external disclosure documents; e.g., earnings press releases, investor presentations, forms 10-q and 10-k.
significant items for any particular period are not intended to be a complete list of items that may materially impact current or future period performance.
fully-taxable equivalent basis interest income, yields, and ratios on a fte basis are considered non-gaap financial measures. management believes net interest income on a fte basis provides an insightful picture of the interest margin for comparison purposes. the fte basis also allows management to assess the comparability of revenue arising from both taxable and tax-exempt sources. the fte basis assumes a federal statutory tax rate of 35 percent periods through december 31, 2017. we encourage readers to consider the consolidated financial statements and other financial information contained in this form 10-k in their entirety, and not to rely on any single financial measure.
non-regulatory capital ratios in addition to capital ratios defined by banking regulators, the company considers various other measures when evaluating capital utilization and adequacy, including:
•   tangible common equity to tangible assets, and
•   tangible common equity to risk-weighted assets using basel iii definitions.
these non-regulatory capital ratios are viewed by management as useful additional methods of reflecting the level of capital available to withstand unexpected market conditions. additionally, presentation of these ratios allows readers to compare the company's capitalization to other financial services companies. these ratios differ from capital ratios defined by banking regulators principally in that the numerator excludes preferred securities, the nature and extent of which varies among different financial services companies. these ratios are not defined in generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") or federal banking regulations. as a result, these non-regulatory capital ratios disclosed by the company are considered non-gaap financial measures.
because there are no standardized definitions for these non-regulatory capital ratios, the company's calculation methods may differ from those used by other financial services companies. also, there may be limits in the usefulness of these measures to investors. as a result, the company encourages readers to consider the consolidated financial statements and other financial information contained in this form 10-k in their entirety, and not to rely on any single financial measure.
81
risk factors more information on risk is set forth under the heading risk factors included in item 1a and incorporated by reference into this md&a. additional information regarding risk factors can also be found in the risk management and capital discussion, as well as the regulatory matters section included in item 1 and incorporated by reference into the md&a.
critical accounting policies and use of significant estimates our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with gaap. the preparation of financial statements in conformity with gaap requires us to establish accounting policies and make estimates that affect amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements. note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, which is incorporated by reference into this md&a, describes the significant accounting policies we use in our consolidated financial statements.
an accounting estimate requires assumptions and judgments about uncertain matters that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. estimates are made under facts and circumstances at a point in time, and changes in those facts and circumstances could produce results substantially different from those estimates. the most significant accounting policies and estimates and their related application are discussed below.
allowance for credit losses our acl of $778 million at december 31, 2017, represents our estimate of probable credit losses inherent in our loan and lease portfolio and our unfunded loan commitments and letters of credit. we regularly review our acl for appropriateness by performing on-going evaluations of the loan and lease portfolio. in doing so, we consider factors such as the differing economic risk associated with each loan category, the financial condition of specific borrowers, the level of delinquent loans, the value of any collateral and, where applicable, the existence of any guarantees or other documented support. we also evaluate the impact of changes in interest rates and overall economic conditions on the ability of borrowers to meet their financial obligations when quantifying our exposure to credit losses and assessing the appropriateness of our acl at each reporting date. there is no certainty that our acl will be appropriate over time to cover losses in the portfolio because of unanticipated adverse changes in the economy, market conditions, or events adversely affecting specific customers, industries, or markets. if the credit quality of our customer base materially deteriorates, the risk profile of a market, industry, or group of customers changes materially, or if the acl is not appropriate, our net income and capital could be materially adversely affected which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
valuation of financial instruments assets and liabilities carried at fair value inherently result in a higher degree of financial statement volatility. assets measured at fair value include certain loans held for sale, loans held for investment, available-for-sale and trading securities, msrs, derivatives, and certain short-term borrowings. at december 31, 2017, approximately $15.5 billion of our assets and $0.1 billion of our liabilities were recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. in addition to the above mentioned on-going fair value measurements, fair value is also used for recording business combinations and measuring other non-recurring financial assets and liabilities.
at the end of each quarter, we assess the valuation hierarchy for each asset or liability measured at fair value. as necessary, assets or liabilities may be transferred within fair value hierarchy levels due to changes in availability of observable market inputs to measure fair value at the measurement date.
where available, we use quoted market prices to determine fair value. if quoted market prices are not available, fair value is determined, using either internally developed or independent third-party valuation models, based on inputs that are either directly observable or derived from market data. these inputs include, but are not limited to, interest rate yield curves, option volatilities, or option adjusted spreads. where neither quoted market prices nor observable market data are available, fair value is determined using valuation models that feature one or more significant unobservable inputs based on management's expectation that market participants would use in determining the fair value of the asset or liability. the determination of appropriate unobservable inputs requires exercise of significant judgment. a significant portion of our assets and liabilities that are reported at fair value are measured based on quoted market prices or observable market/ independent inputs.
the following is a description of the significant estimates used in the valuation of financial assets and liabilities for which quoted market prices and observable market parameters are not available.
82
municipal and asset-backed securities the municipal securities portion that is classified as level 3 uses significant estimates to determine the fair value of these securities which results in greater subjectivity. the fair value is determined by utilizing third-party valuation services. the third-party service provider reviews credit worthiness, prevailing market rates, analysis of similar securities, and projected cash flows. the third-party service provider also incorporates industry and general economic conditions into their analysis. huntington evaluates the analysis provided for reasonableness.
our cdo preferred securities portfolios are measured at fair value using a valuation methodology involving use of significant unobservable inputs and are thus, classified as level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. the cdo preferred securities portfolio is subjected to a quarterly review of the projected cash flows. this review is supported with analysis from independent third parties, and is used as a basis for impairment analysis.
cdo preferred securities are cdos backed by a pool of debt securities issued by financial institutions. the collateral generally consists of trust-preferred securities and subordinated debt securities issued by banks, bank holding companies, and insurance companies. a full cash flow analysis is used to estimate fair values and assess impairment for each security within this portfolio. we engage a third-party pricing specialist with direct industry experience in pooled-trust-preferred securities valuations to provide assistance in estimating the fair value and expected cash flows for each security in this portfolio. the pd of each issuer and the market discount rate are the most significant inputs in determining fair value. management evaluates the pd assumptions provided by the third-party pricing specialist by comparing the current pd to the assumptions used the previous quarter, actual defaults and deferrals in the current period, and trend data on certain financial ratios of the issuers. huntington also evaluates the assumptions related to discount rates. relying on cash flows is necessary because there was a lack of observable transactions in the market and many of the original sponsors or dealers for these securities are no longer able to provide a fair value that is compliant with asc 820.
derivatives used for hedging purposes derivatives designated as qualified hedges are tested for hedge effectiveness on a quarterly basis. assessments are made at the inception of the hedge and on a recurring basis to determine whether the derivative used in the hedging transaction has been and is expected to continue to be highly effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of the hedged item. a statistical regression analysis is performed to measure the effectiveness.
if, based on the assessment, a derivative is not expected to be a highly effective hedge or it has ceased to be a highly effective hedge, hedge accounting is discontinued as of the quarter the hedge is not highly effective. as the statistical regression analysis requires the use of estimates regarding the amount and timing of future cash flows which are sensitive to significant changes in future periods based on changes in market rates; we consider this a critical accounting estimate.
loans held for sale huntington has elected to apply the fair value option to certain residential mortgage loans that are classified as held for sale at origination. the fair value of such loans is estimated based on the inputs that include prices of mortgage backed securities adjusted for other variables such as, interest rates, expected credit defaults and market discount rates. the adjusted value reflects the price we expect to receive from the sale of such loans.
certain consumer and commercial loans are classified as held for sale and are accounted for at the lower of amortized cost or fair value. the determination of fair value for these consumer loans is based on observable prices for similar products or discounted expected cash flows, which takes into consideration factors such as future interest rates, prepayment speeds, default and loss curves, and market discount rates.
mortgage servicing rights retained rights to service mortgage loans are recognized as a separate and distinct asset at the time the loans are sold. mortgage servicing rights ("msrs") are initially recorded at fair value at the time the related loans are sold and subsequently re-measured at each reporting date under either the fair value or amortization method. the election of the fair value or amortization method is made at the time each servicing asset is established. all newly created msrs since 2009 are recorded using the amortization method. any increase or decrease in fair value of msrs accounted for under the fair value method, as well as any amortization and/or impairment of msrs recorded under the amortization method, is reflected in earnings in the period that the changes occur. msrs are subject to interest rate risk in that their fair value will fluctuate as a result of changes in the interest rate environment. fair value is determined based upon the application of an income approach valuation model. we use an independent third-party valuation model, which incorporates assumptions in estimating future cash flows. these assumptions include prepayment speeds, payoffs, and changes in valuation inputs and assumptions. the reasonableness of these pricing models is validated on a minimum of a quarterly basis by at least one independent external service broker valuation. because the fair values of msrs are significantly impacted by the use of estimates, the use of different assumptions can result in different estimated fair values of those msrs.
83
contingent liabilities we are a party to various claims, litigation, and legal proceedings resulting from ordinary business activities relating to our current and/or former operations. we estimate and provide for potential losses that may arise out of litigation and regulatory proceedings to the extent that such losses are probable and can be reasonably estimated. significant judgment is required in making these estimates and our final liabilities may ultimately be more or less than the current estimate. our total estimated liability in respect of litigation and regulatory proceedings is determined on a case-by-case basis and represents an estimate of probable losses after considering, among other factors, the progress of each case or proceeding, our experience and the experience of others in similar cases or proceedings, and the opinions and views of legal counsel. litigation exposure represents a key area of judgment and is subject to uncertainty and certain factors outside of our control.
income taxes
(this section should be read in conjunction with note 1 and note 17 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.)
the calculation of our provision for income taxes is complex and requires the use of estimates and judgments. we have two accruals for income taxes: (1) our income tax payable represents the estimated net amount currently due to the federal, state, and local taxing jurisdictions, net of any reserve for potential audit issues and any tax refunds; (2) our deferred federal and state income tax and related valuation accounts, represents the estimated impact of temporary differences between how we recognize our assets and liabilities under gaap, and how such assets and liabilities are recognized under federal and state tax law. the net receivable balance and deferred tax accounts are presented as components of accrued income and other assets or accrued expenses and other liabilities in accordance with the asset or liability balance of the account.
on december 22, 2017, the president of the united states signed into law the tcja. the legislation significantly changes u.s. tax law by, among other things, lowering the corporate income tax rate and changes to business-related exclusions. the tcja permanently reduces the u.s. corporate income tax rate from a maximum of 35% to a flat 21% rate, effective january 1, 2018. the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income at the time of enactment of such change in tax rates. accordingly, in the fourth quarter 2017 a tax benefit was recorded, based on estimates, for the effects of the tcja.
the sec staff issued staff accounting bulletin no. 118, income tax accounting implications of the tax cuts and jobs act (sab 118), to address the application of u.s. gaap in situations when a registrant does not have the necessary information available, prepared, or analyzed (including computations) in reasonable detail to complete the accounting for certain income tax effects of the tcja. sab 118 describes three scenarios associated with a company's status of accounting for the tcja income tax reform: (1) a company reflects the income tax effects of the act in which the accounting under asc 740 is complete, (2) a company is able to determine a reasonable estimate for certain effects of tax reform and records that estimate as a provisional amount, or (3) a company is not able to determine a reasonable estimate and therefore continues to apply asc 740, income taxes, based on the provisions of the tax laws in effect immediately prior to tax reform being enacted.
in the consolidated financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2017, the company has recorded a benefit of $161 million for the effects of the change in tax law including all materially impacted items and for which the accounting under asc 740 is complete. the company made reasonable estimates resulting in $38 million of expense reported as a provisional amount. provisional amounts would include, for example, reasonable estimates that give rise to new current or deferred taxes based on certain provisions within the tcja, as well as adjustments to existing current or deferred taxes that existed prior to the tcja's enactment date. there were no items for which the company was unable to make reasonable estimates for effects of the tax law change. the ultimate impact may differ from these provisional amounts, possibly materially, due to, among other things, additional analysis, changes in interpretations and assumptions the company has made, additional regulatory guidance that may be issued, and actions the company may take as a result of the tcja. the accounting is expected to be complete no later than one year from date of enactment of the tcja.
the impact of the tcja was calculated using a process taking into account all available information.  the amounts are considered to be estimates.  updates to the estimate will occur in the normal course, including as the company receives additional information, upon the issuance of relevant tax legislative guidance, and resulting from actions the company may take as a result of the tcja.
in the ordinary course of business, we operate in various taxing jurisdictions and are subject to income and non-income taxes. the effective tax rate is based in part on our interpretation of the relevant current tax laws. we believe the aggregate liabilities related to taxes are appropriately reflected in the consolidated financial statements. we review the appropriate tax treatment of all transactions taking into consideration statutory, judicial, and regulatory guidance in the context of our tax positions. in addition, we rely on various tax opinions, recent tax audits, and historical experience.
from time-to-time, we engage in business transactions that may affect our tax liabilities. where appropriate, we obtain opinions of outside experts and assess the relative merits and risks of the appropriate tax treatment of business transactions taking into account statutory, judicial, and regulatory guidance in the context of the tax position. however, changes to our estimates of
84
accrued taxes can occur due to changes in tax rates, implementation of new business strategies, resolution of issues with taxing authorities regarding previously taken tax positions, and newly enacted statutory, judicial, and regulatory guidance. such changes could affect the amount of our accrued taxes and could be material to our financial position and / or results of operations.
deferred tax assets at december 31, 2017, we had a net federal deferred tax liability of $57 million and a net state deferred tax asset of $25 million. the federal net deferred tax liability includes a non-cash estimated write-down of our deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets as a result of the tcja. a valuation allowance is provided when it is more-likely-than-not some portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. all available evidence, both positive and negative, was considered to determine whether, based on the weight of that evidence, impairment should be recognized. our forecast process includes judgmental and quantitative elements that may be subject to significant change. if our forecast of taxable income within the carryforward periods available under applicable law is not sufficient to cover the amount of net deferred tax assets, such assets may be impaired. based on our analysis of both positive and negative evidence and our ability to offset the net deferred tax assets against our forecasted future taxable income, there was no impairment of the net deferred tax assets at december 31, 2017, other than a valuation allowance relating to state net operating loss carryovers.
goodwill and intangible assets the acquisition method of accounting requires that acquired assets and liabilities are recorded at their fair values as of the date of acquisition. this often involves estimates based on third party valuations or internal valuations based on discounted cash flow analyses or other valuation techniques, all of which are inherently subjective. acquisitions typically result in goodwill, the amount by which the cost of net assets acquired in a business combination exceeds their fair value, which is subject to impairment testing at least annually. the amortization of identified intangible assets recognized in a business combination is based upon the estimated economic benefits to be received over their economic life, which is also subjective. customer attrition rates that are based on historical experience are used to determine the estimated economic life of certain intangibles assets, including but not limited to, customer deposit intangibles. refer to note 8 of the notes to consolidated financial statements for further information regarding these items.
recent accounting pronouncements and developments note 2 to consolidated financial statements discusses new accounting pronouncements adopted during 2017 and the expected impact of accounting pronouncements recently issued but not yet required to be adopted. to the extent the adoption of new accounting standards materially affect financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity, the impacts are discussed in the applicable section of this md&a and the notes to consolidated financial statements.
