item 1a.   risk factors.
we routinely encounter and address risks in conducting our business. some of these risks may cause our future results to be different - sometimes materially different - than we presently anticipate. below are material risks we have identified that could adversely affect our business. how we react to material future developments, as well as how our competitors and customers react to those developments, could also affect our future results.
our business is highly competitive, and if we are unable to compete effectively our sales and results of operations will suffer.
the market for flavors and fragrances is highly competitive. we face vigorous competition from companies throughout the world, including multi-national and specialized flavor, fragrance and cosmetic ingredients companies, as well as consumer product companies who may develop their own flavors, fragrances or cosmetic ingredients. in the flavors industry, we also face increasing competition from ingredient suppliers that have expanded their portfolios to include flavor offerings. some of our competitors specialize in one or more of our product sub-segments, while others participate in many of our product sub-segments. in addition, some of our global competitors may have greater resources than we do or may have proprietary products that could permit them to respond to changing business and economic conditions more effectively than we can.
11
consolidation of our competitors may exacerbate these risks. with our entry into cosmetic ingredients, we may face greater competition-related risks in this market than with our core historic flavor and fragrances businesses.
competition in our business is based on innovation, product quality, regulatory compliance, pricing, quality of customer service, the support provided by marketing and application groups, and understanding of consumers. it is difficult for us to predict the timing, scale and success of our competitors' actions in these areas. in particular, the discovery and development of new flavors and fragrance compounds and ingredients, protection of the company's intellectual property and development and retention of key employees are critical to our ability to effectively compete in our business. increased competition by existing or future competitors, including aggressive price competition, could result in the potential loss of substantial sales or create the need for us to reduce prices or increase spending, and this could have an adverse impact on sales and profitability.
if we are unable to provide our customers with innovative, cost-effective products that allow them to achieve their own profitability expectations, our sales and results of operations will suffer.
during 2017, our 25 largest customers accounted for 50% of our sales, and the largest customer across all end-use categories accounted for 11% to 12% of our sales for each of the last three fiscal years. loss of or a reduction in sales to our largest customer or any of our other large customers for an extended period of time could adversely affect our business or financial results.
large multi-national customers, and increasingly, middle-market customers are unilaterally limiting the number of their suppliers or rationalizing the number of products that they offer to increase their margins and profitability. as part of these initiatives, these customers are creating "core lists" of suppliers and giving these "core lists" suppliers priority for new or modified products. recently, these customers are making inclusion on their "core lists" contingent upon a supplier providing more favorable commercial terms which may adversely affect our margins. these and other profitability initiatives being pursued by our customers reduce the market opportunity for which we compete and subject the volume and pricing of the remaining suppliers to downward pressure. to be successful in this competitive environment, we must continue to make investments in customer relationships and tailor product research and development in order to anticipate customers' needs, deliver products that contribute to our customers' profitability, provide effective customer service and offer competitive cost-in-use solutions to secure and maintain inclusion on certain "core lists" and our share of our customers' purchases. if we are unable to do so, it could adversely impact our future results of operations.
we may not successfully develop and introduce new products that meet our customers' needs, which may adversely affect our results of operations.
our ability to differentiate ourselves and deliver growth in line with our vision 2020 strategy largely depends on our ability to successfully develop and introduce new products and product improvements that meet our customers' needs, and ultimately appeal to consumers. innovation is a key element of our ability to develop and introduce new products. we cannot be certain that we will be successful in achieving our innovation goals, such as the development of new molecules, new and expanded delivery systems and other technologies. we currently spend approximately 8% of our sales on research and development; however, such investments may only generate future revenues to the extent that we are able to develop products that meet our customers' specifications, are at an acceptable cost and achieve acceptance by the targeted consumer market. furthermore, there may be significant lag times from the time we incur r&d costs to the time that these r&d costs may result in increased revenue. consequently, even when we "win" a project, our ability to generate revenues as a result of these investments is subject to numerous customer, economic and other risks that are outside of our control, including delays by our customers in the launch of a new product, the level of promotional support for the launch, poor performance of our third-party vendors, anticipated sales by our customers not being realized or changes in market preferences or demands, or disruptive innovations by competitors.
12
a disruption in our manufacturing operations or our supply chain could adversely affect our business and financial results.
as a company engaged in research and development, manufacturing and distribution on a global scale, we and our suppliers are subject to the risks inherent in such activities, including industrial accidents, environmental events, strikes and other labor disputes, disruptions in supply chain or information systems, disruption or loss of key research or manufacturing sites, product quality control, safety, licensing requirements and other regulatory issues, as well as natural disasters, international conflicts, terrorist acts and other external factors over which we have no control. while we operate research and development and manufacturing facilities throughout the world, many of these facilities are extremely specialized and certain of our facilities or certain suppliers are the sole source of a specific ingredient or product. if our research and development activities or the manufacturing of ingredients or products were disrupted, the cost of relocating or replacing these activities or reformulating these ingredients or products may be substantial, which could result in production or development delays or otherwise have an adverse effect on our margins, operating results and future growth.
a disruption in our supply chain, including the inability to obtain ingredients and raw materials from third parties, could adversely affect our business and financial results.
in connection with our manufacture of our fragrance and flavor compounds, we often rely on third party suppliers for ingredients and raw materials that are integral to our manufacture of such compounds. our purchases of raw materials are subject to fluctuations in market price and availability caused by weather, growing and harvesting conditions, market conditions, governmental actions and other factors beyond our control. in addition, our ingredient suppliers, similar to us, are subject to the risks inherent in manufacturing and distribution on a global scale, including industrial accidents, environmental events, strikes and other labor disputes, disruptions in supply chain or information systems, disruption or loss of key research or manufacturing sites, product quality control, safety and environmental compliance issues, licensing requirements and other regulatory issues, as well as natural disasters, international conflicts, terrorist acts and other external factors over which they have no control. these suppliers also could become insolvent or experience other financial distress. for example, a fire at the manufacturing facility of basf group ("basf"), one of our suppliers, in 2017 caused them to declare a force majeure and has resulted in a disruption of the availability of certain ingredients used in some of our fragrance and flavor compounds. if our suppliers are unable to supply us with sufficient ingredients and raw materials to meet our needs, we would need to seek alternative sources of such materials or pursue our own production of such ingredients or direct acquisition of such raw materials. however, for certain of our raw ingredients and raw materials we rely on a limited number of suppliers where there are not readily available alternatives. if we are unable to obtain or manufacture alternative sources of such ingredients or raw materials at a similar cost, we would seek to (i) reformulate our compounds and/or (2) increase pricing to reflect the higher supply cost. however, if we are not able to successfully implement any of these alternatives, we could experience disruptions in production, increased cost of sales and a corresponding decrease in gross margin or reduced sales if our competitors were able to more successfully adjust to such market disruption. such fluctuations and decrease in gross margin could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
we may not be able to successfully identify and complete sufficient acquisitions to meet our vision 2020 strategy, and even if we are able to do so, we may not realize the anticipated benefits of these acquisitions.
as part of our vision 2020 strategy, we intend to add between $500 million and $1.0 billion of sales growth through acquisitions within the flavors and fragrances industries and adjacencies. since 2015, we have completed five acquisitions which align with this strategic objective, most recently acquiring fragrance resources, a privately-held fragrance company, and powderpure, a producer capable of providing clean label flavor solutions, in 2017.
identifying suitable acquisition candidates can be difficult, time-consuming and costly, and we may not be able to identify suitable candidates or complete acquisitions in a timely manner, on a cost-effective basis or at all.
even if we complete an acquisition, we may not realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisition. our recent acquisitions have required, and any similar future transactions may also require, significant efforts and expenditures, including with respect to integrating the acquired business with our historical business. we may encounter unexpected difficulties, or incur unexpected costs, in connection with acquisition activities and integration efforts, which include:
•   diversion of management attention from managing our historical core business;
•   potential disruption of our historical core business or of the acquired business;
•   the strain on, and need to continue to expand our existing operational, technical, financial and administrative infrastructure;
13
•   challenges related to the lack of experience in operating in the geographical or product markets of the acquired business;
•   challenges in controlling additional costs and expenses in connection with and as a result of the acquisition;
•   difficulties in assimilating employees and corporate cultures or in integrating systems and controls;
•   difficulties in anticipating and responding to actions that may be taken by competitors;
•   difficulties in realizing the anticipated benefits of the transaction;
•   potential loss of key employees, key customers, suppliers or other partners of the acquired business; and
•   the assumption of and exposure to unknown or contingent liabilities of acquired businesses.
if any of our acquisitions do not perform as anticipated for any of the reasons noted above or otherwise, there could be a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition.
the interruption or failure of key information technology systems or a loss of data, malicious attack or other breach of security of our information technology systems, may have a material adverse effect on our ability to conduct our business, subject us to increased operating costs, damage our reputation and expose us to litigation.
we rely on information technology systems, including some managed by third-party providers, to conduct business and support our business processes, including product formulas, product development, sales, order processing, production, distribution, internal communications and communications with third parties throughout the world, processing transactions, summarizing and reporting results of operations, complying with regulatory, tax or legal requirements, and collecting and storing customer, supplier, employee and other stakeholder information. these systems may be susceptible to disruptions or outages due to fire, floods, power loss, telecommunications failures, natural disasters, cyber-attacks, failed upgrades or other similar events, or due to the poor performance of third-party providers. an effective response to disruptions will require effort and diligence on the part of our employees and third-party providers to avoid any adverse impact to our business. in addition, our systems and proprietary data stored electronically may be vulnerable to computer viruses, cybercrime, computer hacking and similar information security breaches, which in turn could result in the unauthorized release or misuse of confidential or proprietary information about our business (including, but not limited to, the trade secrets upon which we rely to protect our proprietary fragrance and flavor formulations), employees, or customers, and disrupt our operations. depending on their nature and scope, these threats could potentially lead to improper use of our systems and networks, manipulation and destruction of data or product non-compliance. the occurrence of any of these events could disrupt our business and have a material adverse effect on our sales, subject us to increased operating costs, damage our reputation and expose us to litigation or regulatory proceedings.
if we are unable to successfully market to our expanding and decentralized flavors customer base, our operating results and future growth may be adversely affected.
the industries in which our flavors customers operate are expanding and becoming increasingly decentralized. our historical customer based was primarily comprised of large food and beverage companies, which have faced, in recent years, growing competition from mid-size regional companies and companies focused on niche-product categories driving and accelerating product innovation. in connection with vision 2020, we identified serving these clients as a key element of our business strategy and invested in this strategy through the acquisition of ottens flavors and david michael. in 2017, we announced the creation of tastepoint by iff, designed to service the middle-market customer in north america which is focused on servicing customers with the "can-do" approach of a smaller company backed by expertise traditionally reserved for companies with a more of a global reach. however, if we are unable to successfully implement this strategy or gain market share with this growing customer base, our future growth could be adversely affected.
increasing awareness of health and wellness are driving changes in the consumer products industry, and if we are unable to react in a timely and cost-effective manner, our results of operations and future growth may be adversely affected.
we must continually anticipate and react, in a timely and cost-effective manner, to changes in consumer preferences and demands, including changes in demand driven by increasing awareness of health and wellness and demands for transparency with respect to product ingredients. consumers, especially in developed economies such as the united states and western europe, are shifting away from products containing artificial ingredients to all natural, healthier alternatives. in addition, there has been a growing demand by consumers, non-governmental organizations and, to a lesser extent, governmental agencies to provide more transparency in product labeling and our customers have been taking steps to address this demand, including by voluntarily providing product-specific ingredients disclosure. these two trends could affect the
14
types and volumes of our flavors and fragrances that our customers include in their product offerings. if we are unable to react to or anticipate these trends in a timely and cost-effective manner, our results of operations and future growth may be adversely affected.
we may not succeed in establishing and maintaining collaborations, joint ventures or partnerships, and such arrangements may not lead to development or commercialization of products, which may limit our ability to execute our vision 2020 strategy and adversely affect our future growth.
from time to time and in line with our vision 2020 strategy, we may evaluate and enter into collaborations, joint ventures or partnerships to enhance our research and development efforts. our ability to generate revenues from such collaborations will depend on our partners' abilities and efforts to successfully perform the functions assigned to them in these arrangements. the process of establishing and maintaining collaborative relationships is difficult, time-consuming to negotiate, document and implement. we may not be successful in our efforts to establish and implement collaborations or other alternative arrangements should we choose to enter into such arrangements, and the terms of the arrangements may not be favorable to us. additionally, collaborations may not lead to development or commercialization of products in the most efficient manner, or at all. if we are unable to establish and maintain collaborative relationships on acceptable terms or to successfully transition terminated collaborative agreements, it could limit our ability to execute our vision 2020 strategy and adversely affect our future growth.
we have made investments in and continue to expand our business into emerging markets, which exposes us to certain risks.
as part of our growth strategy, we have increased our presence in emerging markets by expanding our manufacturing presence, sales organization and product offerings in these markets, and we expect to continue to expand our business in these markets. in addition to the currency and international operation risks described below, our operations in these markets may be subject to a variety of other risks. emerging markets typically have a consumer base with limited or fluctuating disposable income and customer demand in these markets may fluctuate accordingly. as a result, decrease in customer demand in emerging markets may have an adverse effect on our ability to execute our growth strategy. in addition, emerging markets may have weak legal systems which may affect our ability to enforce our intellectual property and contractual rights, exchange controls, unstable governments and privatization or other government actions that may affect taxes, subsidies and incentive programs and the flow of goods and currency. in conducting our business, we move products from one country to another and may provide services in one country from a subsidiary located in another country. accordingly, we are vulnerable to abrupt changes in trade, customs and tax regimes in these markets that may have significant negative impacts on our financial condition and operating results.
the impact of currency fluctuation or devaluation in the international markets in which we operate may negatively affect our results of operations.
we have significant operations outside the united states, the results of which are reported in the local currency and then translated into united states dollars at applicable exchange rates for inclusion in our consolidated financial statements. the exchange rates between these currencies and the united states dollar have fluctuated and will continue to do so in the future. changes in exchange rates between these local currencies and the united states dollar will affect the recorded levels of sales, profitability, assets and/or liabilities. additionally, volatility in currency exchange rates may adversely impact our financial condition, cash flows or liquidity. although we employ a variety of techniques to mitigate the impact of exchange rate fluctuations, including sourcing strategies and a limited number of foreign currency hedging activities, we cannot guarantee that such hedging and risk management strategies will be effective, and our results of operations could be adversely affected.
our international operations are subject to regulatory, political and other risks that could materially and adversely affect our revenues, cash flows or financial position.
we operate on a global basis, with manufacturing and sales facilities in the united states, europe, africa, the middle east, latin america, and greater asia. during 2017, 75% of our net sales were to customers outside the united states and we intend to continue expansion of our international operations. as a result, our business is increasingly exposed to risks inherent in international operations. these risks, which can vary substantially by location, include the following:
•   governmental laws, regulations and policies adopted to manage national economic and macroeconomic conditions, such as increases in taxes, austerity measures that may impact consumer spending, monetary policies that may impact inflation rates, currency fluctuations and sustainability of resources;
15
•   changes in environmental, health and safety regulations, such as the continued implementation of the european union's reach regulations and similar regulations that are being evaluated and adopted in other markets, and the burdens and costs of our compliance with such regulations;
•   the imposition of or changes in tariffs, quotas, trade barriers, other trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements, by the united states or other countries, which could adversely affect our cost or ability to import raw materials or export our flavors or fragrances to surrounding markets;
•   risks and costs arising from language and cultural differences;
•   changes in the laws and policies that govern foreign investment in the countries in which we operate, including the risk of expropriation or nationalization, and the costs and ability to repatriate the profit that we generate in these countries;
•   risks and costs associated with political and economic instability, bribery and corruption, and social and ethnic unrest in the countries in which we operate;
•   difficulty in recruiting and retaining trained local personnel;
•   natural disasters, pandemics or international conflicts, including terrorist acts, or national and regional labor strikes in the countries in which we operate, which could interrupt our operations or endanger our personnel; or
•   the risks of operating in developing or emerging markets in which there are significant uncertainties regarding the interpretation, application and enforceability of laws and regulations and the enforceability of contract rights and intellectual property rights.
the occurrence of any one or more of these factors could increase our costs and adversely affect our results of operations.
economic uncertainty may adversely affect demand for consumer products using flavors and fragrances and this may have a negative impact on our operating results and future growth.
our flavors and fragrance compounds and ingredients are components of a wide assortment of global consumer products throughout the world. historically, demand for consumer products using flavors and fragrances was stimulated and broadened by changing social habits and consumer needs, population growth, an expanding global middle-class and general economic growth, especially in emerging markets. the global economy has experienced significant recessionary pressures and declines in consumer confidence and economic growth. while some segments of the global economy appear to be recovering, the ongoing global recessionary economic environment in europe has, and may in the near future, increase unemployment and underemployment, decrease salaries and wage rates, increase inflation or result in other market-wide cost pressures that will adversely affect demand for consumer products in both developed and emerging markets. in addition, growth rates in the emerging markets have moderated from previous levels. reduced consumer spending may cause changes in our customer orders including reduced demand for our flavors and fragrances, or order cancellations.
the timing of placing of orders and the amounts of these orders are generally at our customers' discretion. customers may cancel, reduce or postpone orders with us on relatively short notice. significant cancellations, reductions or delays in orders by customers could affect our quarterly results.
it is currently anticipated that these challenging economic uncertainty will continue to affect certain of our markets during 2018 which could adversely affect our sales, profitability and overall operating results.
our success depends on attracting and retaining talented people within our business. significant shortfalls in recruitment or retention could adversely affect our ability to compete and achieve our strategic goals.
attracting, developing, and retaining talented employees, including our perfumers and flavorists, is essential to the successful delivery of our products and success in the marketplace. furthermore, as we continue to focus on innovation, our need for scientists and other professionals will increase. competition for all these types of employees can be intense. the ability to attract and retain talented employees is critical in the development of new products and technologies which is an integral component of our growth strategy. however, we may not be able to attract and retain such employees in the future. if we experience significant shortfalls in recruitment or retention, our ability to effectively compete with our competitors and to grow our business could be adversely affected.
16
failure to comply with environmental protection laws may cause us to close, relocate or operate one or more of our plants at reduced production levels, which could adversely affect our operating results and future growth.
our business operations and properties are subject to extensive and increasingly stringent federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations pertaining to protection of the environment, including air emissions, sewage discharges, the use of hazardous materials, waste disposal practices and clean-up of existing environmental contamination. failure to comply with these laws and regulations or any future changes to them may result in significant consequences to us, including the need to close or relocate one or more of our production facilities, administrative, civil and criminal penalties, liability for damages and negative publicity. if we are unable to meet production requirements, we can lose customer orders, which can adversely affect our future growth or we may be required to make incremental capital investments to ensure supply. for example, in 2015 chinese authorities notified us of compliance issues pertaining to the emission of odors from several of our plants in china and, consequently, we invested approximately $6.5 million in odor-abatement equipment at these facilities and have located a site for construction of a second flavors manufacturing facility in china, with an estimated cost of $45 million. we have also recently completed negotiations with the chinese government concerning the relocation of a second fragrance facility in china. idling of facilities or production modifications has caused or may cause customers to seek alternate suppliers due to concerns regarding supply interruptions and these customers may not return or may order at reduced levels even once issues are remediated. if these non-compliance issues reoccur in china or occur or in any other jurisdiction, we may lose business and may be required to incur capital spending above previous expectations, close a plant, or operate a plant at significantly reduced production levels on a permanent basis, and our operating results and cash flows from operations may be adversely affected.
our ongoing optimization of our manufacturing facilities may not be as effective as we anticipate, and we may fail to realize the expected cost savings and increased efficiencies.
as part of our strategy, we seek to enhance our manufacturing efficiency and align our geographic manufacturing footprint with our expectations of future growth and technology needs. many of our facilities are located in close proximity to our customers in order to minimize both our customers' and our own costs. however, we may not have sufficient demand to utilize all of our production capacity and may be required to ship excess products to other regions in which we operate, which will increase our costs and decrease our margins. to operate more efficiently and control costs, from time to time, we also execute rationalization activities, which include manufacturing facility consolidations. for example, we are in the midst of relocating our flavors facility in hangzhou, china, constructing a new facility in indonesia and expect to begin relocating a fragrance facility in china. we also recently broke ground on a new flavors and fragrances facility in india. the spending associated with these projects may result in capital spending above previous expectations. our ability to realize anticipated cost savings, synergies and revenue enhancements from these activities may be affected by a number of factors and may pose significant risks, including:
•   the risk that we may be unable to integrate successfully the relocated manufacturing operations;
•   the risk that we may be unable to effectively reduce overhead, coordinate management and integrate and retain employees of the relocated manufacturing operations;
•   the risk that we may face difficulties in implementing and maintaining consistent standards, controls, procedures, policies and information systems;
•   potential strains on our personnel, systems and resources and diversion of attention from other priorities; and
•   unforeseen or contingent liabilities of the relocated manufacturing operations.
furthermore, our rationalization and consolidation actions may not be as effective as we anticipate, and we may fail to realize the cost savings we expect from these actions. actual charges, costs and adjustments due to these activities may vary materially from our estimates, and these activities may require cash and non-cash integration and implementation costs or charges in excess of budgeted amounts, which could offset any such savings and other synergies and therefore could have an adverse effect on our margins.
volatility and increases in the price of raw materials, energy and transportation could harm our profits.
we use many different raw materials for our business, including essential oils, extracts and concentrates derived from fruits, vegetables, flowers, woods and other botanicals, animal products, raw fruits, organic chemicals and petroleum-based chemicals. historically, we have experienced a considerable amount of price volatility in natural products that represent approximately half of our raw material purchases, and we expect this volatility to continue in the near future. for example, during and in 2017 we experienced increases in the prices of certain naturals, including citrus and vanilla. availability and pricing of these natural products can be impacted by crop size and quality, weather, alternative land use, and other factors which we cannot control.
17
if we are unable to increase the prices to our customers of our fragrance or flavor products to offset raw material and other input cost increases, or if we are unable to achieve cost savings to offset such cost increases, we could fail to meet our cost expectations and our profits and operating results could be adversely affected. increases in prices of our products to customers may lead to declines in volume, and we may not be able to accurately predict the volume impact of price increases, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
similarly, commodities and energy prices are subject to significant volatility caused by market fluctuations, supply and demand, currency fluctuations, production and transportation disruptions, and other world events. as we source many of our raw materials globally to help ensure quality control, if the cost of energy, shipping or transportation increases and we are unable to pass along these costs to our customers, our profit margins would be adversely affected. furthermore, increasing our prices to our customers could result in long-term sales declines or loss of market share if our customers find alternative suppliers or choose to reformulate their consumer products to use fewer ingredients, which could have an adverse long-term impact on our results of operations.
to mitigate our sourcing risk, we maintain strategic stock levels for critical items. however, if we do not accurately estimate the amount of raw materials that will be used for the geographic region in which we will need these materials, our margins could be adversely affected.
if we are unable to maintain the integrity of our raw materials, supply chain and finished goods, or fail to comply with applicable regulations, it may result in regulatory non-compliance, litigation costs, customer loss and harm to our reputation, all of which may adversely impact sales and our results of operations.
the development, manufacture and sale of our products are subject to various regulatory requirements in each of the countries in which our products are developed, manufactured and sold. in addition, we are subject to product safety and compliance requirements established by the industry or similar oversight bodies. we use a variety of strategies, methodologies and tools to (i) identify current product standards, (ii) assess relative risks in our supply chain that can impact product integrity, (iii) monitor internal and external performance and (iv) test raw materials and finished goods to minimize the likelihood of product or process non-compliance.
gaps in our operational processes or those of our suppliers could adversely affect the quality of our finished products, subject us to a recall and result in a regulatory non-compliance event. for instance, we may be required to recall certain of our products should they be mislabeled, contaminated or damaged, and certain of our raw materials could be blocked from entering a country if they are subject to import alerts. product non-compliance events could subject us to customer claims, recalls, penalties, litigation costs and settlements, remediation costs or loss of sales. as our flavors and fragrance compounds and ingredients are used in many products intended for human use or consumption, these consequences would be exacerbated if we or our customer did not identify the defect before the product reaches the consumer and there was a resulting impact at the consumer level. such a result could lead to potentially large scale adverse publicity, negative effects on consumer's health, recalls and potential consumer litigation. in addition, if we do not have adequate insurance or contractual indemnification from suppliers or other third parties, or if insurance or indemnification is not available, the liability relating to product or possible third-party claims arising from defective products could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. furthermore, adverse publicity about our products, or our customers' products that contain our ingredients, including concerns about product safety or similar issues, whether real or perceived, could harm our reputation and result in an immediate adverse effect on our sales and customer relationships, as well as require us to utilize significant resources to rebuild our reputation.
our performance may be adversely impacted if we are not successful in managing our inventory and/or working capital balances.
we evaluate our inventory balances of materials based on shelf life, expected sourcing levels, known uses and anticipated demand based on forecasted customer order activity and changes in our product/sales mix. efficient inventory management is a key component of our business success, financial returns and profitability. to be successful, we must maintain sufficient inventory levels and an appropriate product/sales mix to meet our customers' demands, without allowing those levels to increase to such an extent that the costs associated with storing and holding other inventory adversely impact our financial results. if our buying decisions do not accurately predict sourcing levels, customer trends or our expectations about customer needs are inaccurate, we may have to take unanticipated markdowns or impairment charges to dispose of the excess or obsolete inventory, which can adversely impact our financial results. additionally, we believe excess inventory levels of raw materials with a short shelf life in our manufacturing facilities subjects us to the risk of increased inventory shrinkage. if we are not successful in managing our inventory balances and shrinkage, our results of and cash flows from operations may be negatively affected.
18
we sell certain accounts receivable on a non-recourse basis to unrelated financial institutions under "factoring" agreements that are sponsored, solely and individually, by certain customers. the cost of participating in these programs was immaterial to our results in all periods. should we choose not to participate, or if these programs were no longer available, it could reduce our cash flows from operations in the period in which the arrangement ends.
we could be adversely affected by violations of the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act or similar u.s. or foreign anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate.
the global nature of our business, the significance of our international revenue and our focus on emerging markets create various domestic and local regulatory challenges and subject us to risks associated with our international operations. the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, or fcpa, and similar anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws and regulations in other countries generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or keeping business or for other commercial advantage. in addition, u.s. public companies are required to maintain records that accurately and fairly represent their transactions and have an adequate system of internal accounting controls. under the fcpa, u.s. companies may be held liable for the corrupt actions taken by directors, officers, employees, agents, or other strategic or local partners or representatives. as such, if we or our intermediaries fail to comply with the requirements of the fcpa or similar legislation, governmental authorities in the united states and elsewhere could seek to impose substantial civil and/or criminal fines and penalties which could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, operating results and financial condition.
we operate or may pursue opportunities in some jurisdictions, such as china, india, brazil and africa, which pose potentially elevated risks of fraud or corruption or increased risk of internal control issues. in certain jurisdictions, compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices. from time to time, we have conducted and will conduct internal investigations of the relevant facts and circumstances, control testing and compliance reviews, and take remedial actions, when appropriate, to help ensure that we are in compliance with applicable corruption and similar laws and regulations. detecting, investigating and resolving actual or alleged violations of the fcpa or similar laws is expensive and could consume significant time and attention of our senior management. we could be subject to inquiries or investigations by government and other regulatory bodies. any allegations of non-compliance with the fcpa or similar laws could have a disruptive effect on our operations in such jurisdiction over the near term, including interruptions of business or loss of third-party relationships, which may negatively impact our results of operations or financial condition. any determination that our operations or activities are not in compliance with the fcpa or similar laws could expose us to severe criminal or civil penalties or other sanctions, significant fines, termination of necessary licenses and permits, and penalties or other sanctions that may harm our business and reputation.
our ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to protect our intellectual property rights.
we rely on patents and trade secrets to protect our intellectual property rights. we often rely on trade secrets to protect our proprietary fragrance and flavor formulations, as this does not require us to publicly file information regarding our intellectual property. from time to time, a third party may claim that we have infringed upon or misappropriated their intellectual property rights, or a third party may infringe upon or misappropriate our intellectual property rights. we could incur significant costs in connection with legal actions to assert our intellectual property rights against third parties or to defend ourselves from third party assertions of invalidity, infringement or misappropriation or other claims. any settlement or adverse judgment resulting from such litigation could require us to obtain a license to continue to use the intellectual property rights that are the subject of the claim, or otherwise restrict or prohibit our use of such intellectual property rights. any required licensing fees may not be available to us on acceptable terms, if at all. for those intellectual property rights that are protected as trade secrets, this litigation could result in even higher costs, and potentially the loss of certain rights, since we would not have a perfected intellectual property right that precludes others from making, using or selling our products or processes. the ongoing trend among our customers towards more transparent labeling could further diminish our ability to effectively protect our proprietary flavor formulations.
for intellectual property rights that we seek to protect through patents, we cannot be certain that these rights, if obtained, will not later be opposed, invalidated, or circumvented. in addition, even if such rights are obtained in the united states, the laws of some of the other countries in which our products are or may be sold do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the united states. if other parties were to infringe on our intellectual property rights, or if a third party successfully asserted that we had infringed on their intellectual property rights, it could materially and adversely affect our future results of operations by (i) reducing the price that we could obtain in the marketplace for products which are based on such rights, (ii) increasing the royalty or other fees that we may be required to pay in connection with such rights or (iii) limiting the volume, if any, of such products that we can sell.
our results of operations may be negatively impacted by the outcome of uncertainties related to litigation.
19
from time to time we are involved in a number of legal claims and litigation, including claims related to intellectual property, product liability, environmental matters and indirect taxes. we cannot predict the ultimate outcome of such litigation. in addition, we cannot provide assurance that future events will not result in an increase in the number of claims or require an increase in the amount accrued for any such claims, or require accrual for one or more claims that has not been previously accrued. in addition, if we were found liable, we could be subject to certain indemnification claims. there can be no assurance that our insurance will be adequate to protect us from all material expenses related to pending and future claims or that such levels of insurance will be available in the future at economical prices.
the level of returns on pension and postretirement plan assets and the actuarial assumptions used for valuation purposes could affect our earnings and cash flows in future periods. changes in government regulations could also affect our pension and postretirement plan expenses and funding requirements.
the funding obligations for our pension plans are impacted by the performance of the financial markets, particularly the equity markets, and interest rates. funding obligations are determined under government regulations and are measured each year based on the value of assets and liabilities on a specific date. if the financial markets do not provide the long-term returns that are expected under the governmental funding calculations, we could be required to make larger contributions. the equity markets can be very volatile, and therefore our estimate of future contribution requirements can change dramatically in relatively short periods of time. similarly, changes in interest rates and legislation enacted by governmental authorities can impact the timing and amounts of contribution requirements. an adverse change in the funded status of the plans could significantly increase our required contributions in the future and adversely impact our liquidity.
assumptions used in determining projected benefit obligations and the fair value of plan assets for our pension and other postretirement benefit plans are determined by us in consultation with outside consultants and advisors. in the event that we determine that changes are warranted in the assumptions used, such as the discount rate, expected long-term rate of return on assets, or expected health care costs, our future pension and postretirement benefit expenses could increase or decrease. due to changing market conditions or changes in the participant population, the assumptions that we use may differ from actual results, which could have a significant impact on our pension and postretirement liabilities and related costs and funding requirements.
any future impairment of our tangible or intangible long-lived assets may adversely impact our profitability.
a significant portion of our assets consists of long-lived assets, including tangible assets such as our manufacturing facilities, and intangible assets and goodwill. as of december 31, 2017, we had recorded approximately $1.6 billion of intangible assets and goodwill including goodwill and intangible assets related to our acquisitions. long-lived assets are subject to an impairment analysis whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. additionally, goodwill is subject to an impairment test at least annually. indicators such as under performance relative to historical or projected future operating results, changes in the company's strategy for its overall business or use of acquired assets, unexpected negative industry or economic trends, decreased market capitalization relative to net book values, unanticipated competitive activities, change in consumer demand, loss of key personnel and acts by governments and courts may signal that an asset has become impaired. to the extent any of our acquisitions do not perform as anticipated, whether due to internal or external factors, the value of such assets may be negatively affected and we may be required to record impairment charges. our results of operations and financial position in future periods could be negatively impacted should future impairments of our long-lived assets, including intangible assets or goodwill occur.
changes in our tax rates, the adoption of new united states or international tax legislation, or changes in existing tax laws could expose us to additional tax liabilities that may affect our future results.
we are subject to taxes in the united states and numerous foreign jurisdictions. our future effective tax rates could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in liabilities for uncertain tax positions, cost of repatriations or changes in tax laws or their interpretation. any of these changes could have a material adverse effect on our profitability.
we have and will continue to implement transfer pricing policies among our various operations located in different countries. these transfer pricing policies are a significant component of the management and compliance of our operations across international boundaries and overall financial results. many countries routinely examine transfer pricing policies of taxpayers subject to their jurisdiction, challenge transfer pricing policies aggressively where there is potential non-compliance and impose significant interest charges and penalties where non-compliance is determined. there can be no assurance that a governmental authority will not challenge these policies more aggressively in the future or, if challenged, that we will prevail. we could suffer significant costs related to one or more challenges to our transfer pricing policies.
20
we are subject to the continual examination of our income tax returns by the internal revenue service and foreign tax authorities in those countries in which we operate, and we may be subject to assessments or audits in the future in any of the countries in which we operate. the final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals, and while we do not believe the results that follow would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, such results could have a material effect on our income tax provision, net income or cash flows in the period or periods in which that determination is made.
in addition, a number of international legislative and regulatory bodies have proposed legislation and begun investigations of the tax practices of multi-national companies and, in the european union ("eu"), the tax policies of certain eu member states. one of these efforts has been led by the oecd, an international association of 34 countries including the united states, which has finalized recommendations to revise corporate tax, transfer pricing, and tax treaty provisions in member countries. since 2013, the european commission ("ec") has been investigating tax rulings granted by tax authorities in a number of eu member states with respect to specific multi-national corporations to determine whether such rulings comply with eu rules on state aid, as well as more recent investigations of the tax regimes of certain eu member states. under eu law, selective tax advantages for particular taxpayers that are not sufficiently grounded in economic realities may constitute impermissible state aid. if the ec determines that a tax ruling or tax regime violates the state aid restrictions, the tax authorities of the affected eu member state may be required to collect back taxes for the period of time covered by the ruling. in late 2015 and early 2016, the ec declared that tax rulings, related to other companies, by tax authorities in luxembourg, the netherlands and belgium did not comply with the eu state aid restrictions. if the ec were to successfully challenge tax rulings applicable to us in any of the eu member states in which we are subject to taxation, we could be exposed to increased tax liabilities.
the recently adopted us tax legislation may result in additional tax liabilities that may affect our future results and profitability.
on december 22, 2017, the u.s. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the tax cuts and jobs act (the "tax act") that significantly revises the u.s. tax code effective january 1, 2018 by, among other things, lowering the corporate income tax rate from a top marginal rate of 35% to a flat 21%, limiting deductibility of interest expense and performance based incentive compensation, transitioning to a territorial system and creating new taxes associated with global operations. the tax act impacted our consolidated results of operations during the 2017 fourth quarter and is expected to continue to impact our consolidated results of operations in future periods. in particular, the transition to the new territorial tax system required us to record a one-time tax or "toll charge" which resulted in a provisional incremental tax expense of $100.6 million principally related to previously unremitted earnings on non-u.s. subsidiaries. the cash portion of the "toll charge" will be payable in installments over 8 years beginning in 2018. in addition, the reduction of the u.s. corporate tax rate resulted in a provisional net deferred tax expense of $38.6 million related to the remeasurement of net deferred tax assets as a result of the reduction in the corporate income tax rate. given the significant complexity of the tax act, anticipated guidance from the u.s. treasury about implementing the tax act and the potential for additional guidance from the sec or the fasb, the company's provisional charge may be adjusted during 2018 and is expected to be finalized no later than the fourth quarter of 2018. other provisions of the tax act that impact future tax years are still being assessed. any material revisions in the company's computations could adversely affect its cash flows and results of operations.
in future periods, we expect that our effective tax rate will be impacted by the lower u.s. corporate tax rate that will initially be offset by the elimination of the deductibility of performance based incentive compensation, and other provisions of the tax act that may impact us prospectively. however, the ultimate impact of the tax act will depend on additional regulatory or accounting guidance that may be issued with respect to the tax act and any operating and structural changes that we may undertake to permit us to benefit from the new, lower u.s. tax rate prospectively. this could adversely affect our results of operations.
the potential government regulation of certain of our product development initiatives is uncertain, and we may be subject to adverse consequences if we fail to comply with applicable regulations.
as part of our ingredients research program, we seek to collaborate with research institutions and companies throughout the world, including biotechnology companies. however, it is unclear whether any of our product developments will be classified as genetically modified food products subject to regulation as a biotechnology product. the manufacture of biotechnology products is subject to applicable current good manufacturing practice (cgmp) regulations as prescribed by the food and drug administration and the applicable standards prescribed by european commission and the competent authorities of european union member states and to other rules and regulations prescribed by foreign regulatory authorities. compliance with these regulations can be expensive and time consuming. such regulation could also subject us to requirements for labeling and traceability, which may cause our customers to avoid our affected products and seek our
21
competitors' products. this may result in our inability to realize any benefit from our investment and have an adverse effect on our operating results.
the united kingdom's expected departure from the european union in 2019 could have an adverse effect on us.
in june 2016, the united kingdom held a referendum in which a majority of voters voted to exit the european union, commonly referred to as "brexit" and negotiations are underway to determine the terms of the u.k.'s withdrawal from the european union. a withdrawal could, among other outcomes, disrupt the free movement of goods, services and people between the u.k. and the european union, undermine bilateral cooperation in key geographic areas and significantly disrupt trade between the u.k. and the european union or other nations as the u.k. pursues independent trade relations. in addition, brexit could lead to legal uncertainty and potentially divergent national laws and regulations as the u.k. determines which european union laws to replace or replicate. the effects of brexit will depend on any agreements the u.k. makes to retain access to european union or other markets either during a transitional period or more permanently. given the lack of comparable precedent, it is unclear what financial, trade and legal implications the withdrawal of the u.k. from the european union would have and how such withdrawal would affect us. adverse consequences concerning brexit or the european union could include deterioration in global economic conditions, instability in global financial markets, political uncertainty, volatility in currency exchange rates, or adverse changes in the cross-border agreements currently in place, any of which could have an adverse impact on our financial results in the future.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
(unless indicated otherwise, dollars in millions except per share amounts)
overview company background we are a leading innovator of sensory experiences, co-creating unique products that consumers taste, smell, or feel in fine fragrances and cosmetics, detergents and household goods, and food and beverages. we take advantage of our capabilities in consumer insights, research and product development ("r&d"), creative expertise and customer intimacy to partner with our customers in developing innovative and differentiated offerings for consumers. we believe that this collaborative approach will generate market share gains for our customers. our flavors and fragrance compounds combine a number of ingredients that are blended, mixed or reacted together to produce proprietary formulas created by our flavorists and perfumers.
flavors are the key building blocks that impart taste experiences in food and beverage products and, as such, play a significant role in determining consumer preference for the end products in which they are used. as a leading creator of flavors, we help our customers deliver on the promise of delicious and healthy foods and drinks that appeal to consumers. while we are a global leader, our flavors business is more regional in nature, with different formulas that reflect local taste preferences. our flavors compounds are ultimately used by our customers in four end-use categories: (1) savory, (2) beverages, (3) sweet and (4) dairy.
we are a global leader in the creation of fragrance compounds that are integral elements in the world's finest perfumes and best-known consumer products within fabric care, home care, personal wash, hair care and toiletries products. our fragrances business consists of fragrance compounds and fragrance ingredients. our fragrance compounds are defined into two broad categories, fine fragrances and consumer fragrances. consumer fragrances consists of five end-use categories of products: (1) fabric care, (2) home care, (3) personal wash, (4) hair care and (5) toiletries. fragrance ingredients consist of active and functional ingredients that are used internally and sold to third parties, including customers and competitors, and are included in the fragrances business unit.
the flavors and fragrances market is part of a larger market that supplies a wide variety of ingredients and compounds that are used in consumer products. the broader market includes large multinational companies and smaller regional and local participants which supply products such as seasonings, texturizers, spices, enzymes, certain food-related commodities, fortified products and cosmetic active ingredients. the global market for flavors and fragrances has expanded consistently, primarily as a result of an increase in demand for, as well as an increase in the variety of, consumer products containing flavors and fragrances. in 2017, the flavors and fragrances market was estimated by management to be approximately $24.8 billion and is forecasted to grow approximately 2-3% by 2021, primarily driven by expected growth in emerging markets.
development of new flavors and fragrance compounds is driven by a variety of sources, including requests from our customers who are in need of a specific flavor or fragrance for use in a new or modified consumer product, or as a result of internal initiatives stemming from our consumer insights program. our product development team works in partnership with our scientists and researchers to optimize the consumer appeal of the flavor or fragrance. it then becomes a collaborative process among our researchers, our product development team and our customers to perfect the flavor or fragrance so that it is ready to be included in the final consumer product.
2017 overview our 25 largest customers accounted for 50% of total sales in 2017; this percentage has remained fairly constant for several years. sales to our largest customer across all end-use categories accounted for 11% to 12% of our sales for each of the last three fiscal years. a key factor for commercial success is inclusion on our strategic customers' core supplier lists, which provides opportunities to win new business. we are on the core supplier lists of a large majority of our global and strategic customers within fragrances and flavors.
sales in 2017 increased 9% on both a reported and currency neutral basis (which excludes the effects of changes in currency), with the effects of acquisitions contributing approximately 5% to both the reported and currency neutral growth rates. flavors achieved reported sales growth of 9% and currency neutral sales growth of 10%, with the effect of acquisitions contributing approximately 5% to both reported and currency neutral growth rates. fragrances achieved sales growth of 9% on both a reported and currency basis in 2017, with the effect of acquisitions contributing approximately 5% to both reported and currency neutral growth rates. sales growth excluding acquisitions was driven by new win performance (net of losses) in both flavors and fragrance compounds. additionally, fragrance ingredients sales were up 8% on a both a reported basis and
33
currency neutral basis, principally driven by higher volumes. overall, our 2017 results continued to be driven by our strong emerging market presence that represented 48% of total sales and experienced 4% reported and currency neutral growth in 2017. from a geographic perspective, north america ("noam"), europe, africa and middle east ("eame"), greater asia ("ga") and latin america ("la") all delivered sales growth on a consolidated basis in 2017, led by noam.
on january 17, 2017, we completed the acquisition of fragrance resources, inc. ("fragrance resources"), a privately-held fragrance company with facilities in germany, north america, france and china, for approximately €143.4 million (approximately $151.9 million). the acquisition is expected to strengthen our fragrances market position in north america and germany. on april 7, 2017, we completed the acquisition of columbia phytotechnology, llc d/b/a powderpure ("powderpure"), a processor of all-natural food ingredients, for approximately $54.6 million. powderpure was acquired to expand our expertise and product offerings of clean label solutions within the flavors business. these acquisitions did not have a material impact on our 2017 results.
on december 22, 2017, the u.s. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the tax cuts and jobs act (the "tax act") that significantly revised the u.s. tax code effective january 1, 2018 by, among other things, lowering the corporate income tax rate from a top marginal rate of 35% to a flat 21% and establishing a modified territorial system requiring a mandatory deemed repatriation tax on undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries. the tax act impacted our fourth quarter consolidated results of operations and is expected to continue to impact our consolidated results of operations in future periods. in particular, the transition to the new territorial tax system required the company to record a one-time tax or "toll charge" which resulted in a provisional incremental tax expense of $100.6 million principally related to previously unremitted earnings on non-u.s. subsidiaries. the cash portion of the "toll charge" will be payable in installments over 8 years beginning in 2018. in addition, the reduction of the u.s. corporate tax rate resulted in a provisional net deferred tax expense of $38.6 million related to the remeasurement of net deferred tax assets as a result of the reduction in the corporate income tax rate.
2017 sales by business unit sales by destination(dollars in millions)            2017         percentof sales                2016         percentof sales                2015         percentof sales europe, africa and middle east                 $1,065                31         %            $965                31         %            $946                31         %
greater asia                                      904                27         %             880                28         %             839                28         %
north america                                     902                27         %             769                25         %             718                24         %
latin america                                     528                15         %             502                16         %             520                17         %
total net sales, as reported                   $3,399                                      $3,116                                      $3,023
34
year ended december 31, sales by category           2017           2016           2015
flavor compounds         48   %         48    %        48    %
consumer fragrances      31   %         32    %        32    %
fine fragrances          11   %         10    %        10    %
fragrance ingredients    10   %         10    %        10    %
total net sales         100   %        100    %       100    %
financial performance overview reported and currency neutral sales for 2017 increased 9% year-over-year (including approximately 5% growth from acquisitions). we continue to benefit from our diverse portfolio of end-use product categories and geographies and had sales growth in all four regions and in all categories. both flavors and fragrances benefited from new win performance (net of losses) and the effect of acquisitions. exchange rate variations did not have a material impact on revenue in 2017. the effect of exchange rates can vary by business and region depending upon the mix of sales by country as well as the relative percentage of local sales priced in u.s. dollars versus local currencies. we saw currency neutral sales growth during each quarter of 2017.
we believe that market conditions and the macro-economic environment will continue to be volatile in many markets in 2018 but that. overall, there will be slight improvements as compared to recent years. pressures from increasing costs and the impact of a supply chain disruption related to a key ingredient manufactured by basf and used in the flavors and fragrances industry are expected to reduce our currency neutral operating profit growth in 2018. the basf supply chain disruption is not expected to be resolved until the second half of 2018.
on a long-term basis, we expect that sales growth for the industry will generally be in line with the underlying assumptions that support our long-term strategic goals, albeit with some risk in the near term given the continuing global economic uncertainty. we believe changing social habits resulting from increased disposable income, improved focus on personal health and wellness awareness should help drive growth of our consumer product customers' businesses.
gross margin decreased 140 basis points ("bps") year-over-year. included in 2017 was $15.9 million of acquisition-related inventory "step-up" costs, $11.0 million relating to an fda mandated product recall, $1.8 million of costs associated with operational improvement initiatives and $0.5 million of integration related costs, compared to $7.6 million of acquisition-related inventory "step-up" costs, $2.4 million of costs related to operational improvement initiatives and $0.7 million of costs related to accelerated depreciation included in cost of goods sold included in 2016. excluding these items, adjusted gross margin decreased 80 bps compared to the prior year period. the decrease was principally driven by higher costs including higher claim expense and higher input costs, offset by the favorable impact of productivity initiatives. volumes were slightly higher but were offset by slightly unfavorable mix.
during 2017, the raw material cost environment continued its recent upward trend. we believe that, in 2018, we will continue to see higher prices on certain categories (such as vanilla and citrus), increases related to turpentine and oil derived materials and higher costs on a key ingredient due to the basf supply disruption related to one of our key ingredients. we continue to seek improvements in our margins through operational performance, cost reduction efforts and mix enhancement.
operating profit increased $14.1 million to $581.4 million (17.1% of sales) in 2017 compared to $567.4 million (18.2% of sales) in 2016. included in 2017 were restructuring and other charges of $19.7 million, acquisition-related costs of $20.4 million, $11.0 million relating to an fda mandated product recall, reserve for payment of a tax assessment related to commercial rent for prior periods of $5.3 million, integration related costs of $4.2 million, pension settlement charges of $2.8 million, operational improvement initiative costs of $1.8 million, additional charge related to litigation settlement of $1.0 million and gain on sale of fixed assets of $0.2 million. included in 2016 were net legal charges/credits of $48.5 million, acquisition-related costs of $12.2 million, gain on sale of fixed assets of $7.8 million, operational improvement initiative costs of $2.4 million and restructuring and other charges, net of $0.3 million. excluding these charges, adjusted operating profit was $647.4 million (19.0% of sales) for 2017 versus $623.0 million (20.0% of sales) for 2016. the decrease in operating profit as a percentage of sales was principally driven by lower gross margins in 2017. foreign currency changes had a favorable impact on operating profit of 1% in 2017 and an unfavorable impact on operating profit of approximately 2% in 2016.
cash flows from operations were $390.8 million or 11.5% of sales in 2017 as compared to cash flows from operations of $550.1 million, or 17.7% of sales, during 2016. the decrease in operating cash flows in 2017 as compared to 2016 is principally related to the impact of increased core working capital requirements (trade receivables, inventories and accounts payable) and due to payments on legal claims along with payments for severance, integration and acquisition costs.
35
our capital spend was $129.0 million (3.8% of sales) during 2017. in light of our requirement to begin relocating our fragrance facility in china and the ongoing construction of a new facility in india, we expect that capital spending in 2018 will be about 4.5-5% of sales (net of potential grants and other reimbursements from government authorities). during 2017, we received approximately $15.0 million in payments related to the future relocation of our zhejiang ingredients plant and total payments for which are expected to approximate up to $50 million.
results of operations year ended december 31,                                          change
(dollars in thousands except per share amounts)                 2017                      2016                      2015            2017 vs. 2016          2016 vs. 2015
net sales                                            $3,398,719                $3,116,350                $3,023,189                  9.1        %           3.1        %
cost of goods sold                                    1,919,718                 1,717,280                 1,671,590                 11.8        %           2.7        %
gross profit                                          1,479,001                 1,399,070                 1,351,599
research and development (r&amp;d) expenses             286,026                   254,263                   246,101                 12.5        %           3.3        %
selling and administrative (s&amp;a) expenses           557,311                   566,224                   494,517                 (1.6       )%          14.5        %
restructuring and other charges, net                     19,711                    (1,700    )                7,594             (1,259.5       )%        (122.4       )%
amortization of acquisition-related intangibles          34,694                    23,763                    15,040                 46.0        %          58.0        %
gain on sales of fixed assets                              (184    )              (10,836    )                    -                (98.3       )%         100.0        %
operating profit                                        581,443                   567,356                   588,347
interest expense                                         65,363                    52,989                    46,062                 23.4        %          15.0        %
other (income) expense, net                             (20,965    )               (9,350    )                3,184                124.2        %        (393.7       )%
income before taxes                                     537,045                   523,717                   539,101
taxes on income                                         241,380                   118,686                   119,854                103.4        %          (1.0       )%
net income                                             $295,665                  $405,031                  $419,247
net income per share - diluted                            $3.72                     $5.05                     $5.16                (26.3       )%          (2.1       )%
gross margin                                               43.5    %                 44.9    %                 44.7    %          (140.0        )          20.0
r&amp;d as a percentage of sales                            8.4    %                  8.2    %                  8.1    %            20.0                   10.0
s&amp;a as a percentage of sales                           16.4    %                 18.2    %                 16.4    %          (180.0        )         180.0
operating margin                                           17.1    %                 18.2    %                 19.5    %          (110.0        )        (130.0        )
adjusted operating margin (1)                              19.0    %                 20.0    %                 20.2    %          (100.0        )         (20.0        )
effective tax rate                                         44.9    %                 22.7    %                 22.2    %         2,220.0                   50.0
segment net sales flavors                                              $1,632,166                $1,496,525                $1,442,951                  9.1        %           3.7        %
fragrances                                            1,766,553                 1,619,825                 1,580,238                  9.1        %           2.5        %
consolidated                                         $3,398,719                $3,116,350                $3,023,189
(1)   adjusted operating margin for the year ended december 31, 2017 excludes net legal charges/credits of $1.0 million, acquisition related costs of $20.4 million, gain on sale of assets of $0.2 million, operational improvement initiative costs of $1.8 million, restructuring and other charges, net of $19.7 million, fda mandated product recall costs of $11.0 million, uk pension settlement charge of $2.8 million, tax assessment of $5.3 million, and integration related costs of $4.2 million.
adjusted operating margin for the year ended december 31, 2016 excludes net legal charges/credits of $48.5 million, acquisition related costs of $12.2 million, gain on sale of assets of $7.8 million, operational improvement initiative costs of $2.4 million and restructuring and other charges, net of $0.3 million.
adjusted operating margin for the year ended december 31, 2015 excludes acquisition related costs of $18.3 million, the reversal of the previously recorded provision for the spanish capital tax case of $10.5 million, restructuring and other charges, net of $7.6 million, accelerated contingent consideration payments of $7.2 million and operational improvement initiative costs of $1.1 million.
cost of goods sold includes the cost of materials and manufacturing expenses; raw materials generally constitute approximately 70% of the total. r&d expenses relate to the development of new and improved molecules and technologies, technical product support and compliance with governmental regulations. s&a expenses include expenses necessary to support
36
our commercial activities and administrative expenses principally associated with staff groups that support our overall operating activities.
2017 in comparison to 2016
sales sales for 2017 totaled $3.4 billion, an increase of 9% from the prior year on both a reported and currency neutral basis. sales growth reflected new win performance (net of losses) in both flavors and fragrance compounds. on both a reported and currency neutral basis, the effect of acquisitions was approximately 5% to net sales amounts. in addition, fragrance ingredients sales were up 8% on both a reported and currency neutral basis, principally driven by volume growth.
flavors business unit flavors sales in 2017 increased 9% on a reported basis and 10% on a currency neutral basis versus the prior year period. acquisitions accounted for approximately 5% of the net sales growth on both a reported and currency neutral basis. overall growth was primarily driven by mid single-digit growth in savory combined with low single-digit growth in beverage, sweet and dairy. regionally, the flavors business delivered reported and currency neutral growth across all regions. sales growth was led by noam, driven by double-digit gains in savory and low single-digit gains in dairy. la sales growth was primarily driven by double-digit growth in savory and dairy, and mid single-digit growth in sweet. sales growth in eame was driven by high single-digit gains in beverage and dairy, combined with mid single-digit gains in savory and sweet. sales growth in ga was driven by mid single-digit gains in beverage and low single-digit gains in sweet and savory. globally, flavors growth included mid single-digit growth in emerging markets. overall, emerging markets represented approximately 49% of total flavors sales.
fragrances business unit fragrances sales in 2017 increased 9% on both a reported basis and currency neutral basis. acquisitions accounted for approximately 5% of both reported and currency neutral sales growth. year-over-year, 2017 sales performance was led by double-digit growth in fine fragrance and home care, high single-digit growth in fabric care and fragrance ingredients, and mid single-digit growth in personal wash and toiletries.
sales growth within the regions was led by eame reflecting double-digit gains in fine fragrances, fragrance ingredients, home care and personal wash, high single-digit growth in fabric care, and mid single-digit growth in hair care. noam sales growth was primarily driven by double-digit growth in fine fragrances, toiletries, fabric care and home care. ga sales growth was primarily driven by double-digit gains in fine fragrances and home care, high single-digit gains in fabric care, and mid single-digit gains in toiletries and personal wash. la sales growth was primarily driven by double-digit gains in fragrance ingredients and home care, and low single-digit gains in toiletries, fabric care and personal wash.
fragrance ingredients sales grew by high single-digits principally due to higher volumes.
globally, fragrances growth included low single-digit growth in emerging markets. overall, emerging markets represented 47% of total fragrance's sales.
sales performance by region and category
% change in sales - 2017 vs. 2016
fine fragrances         consumer fragrances         ingredients         totalfragrances         flavors         total noam    reported                   21   %                    10           %           3       %            13         %        23     %       17    %
eame    reported                   22   %                    11           %          10       %            15         %         6     %       10    %
currency neutral(1)        22   %                    10           %          10       %            14         %         8     %       11    %
la      reported                    4   %                     1           %          37       %             2         %         7     %        5    %
currency neutral(1)        -1   %                     1           %          36       %             0         %         6     %        4    %
ga      reported                   23   %                     5           %           1       %             6         %         1     %        3    %
currency neutral(1)        25   %                     6           %           2       %             6         %         1     %        3    %
total   reported                   18   %                     7           %           8       %             9         %         9     %        9    %
currency neutral(1)        16   %                     7           %           8       %             9         %        10     %        9    %
37
_______________________
(1)   currency neutral sales growth is calculated by translating prior year sales at the exchange rates for the corresponding 2017 period.
•   noam flavors sales growth, which included the impact of acquisitions, primarily reflected double-digit gains in savory and low single-digit gains in dairy, which more than offset low single-digit declines in beverage. total fragrances sales growth reflected double-digit growth in fine fragrances (primarily driven by the impact of acquisitions), toiletries, fabric care and home care, and low single-digit gains in fragrance ingredients and personal wash, which more than offset low single-digit declines in hair care.
•   eame flavors sales growth primarily reflected high single-digit gains in dairy and beverage, and mid single-digit gains in savory and sweet. eame total fragrances sales growth was driven by double-digit gains in fine fragrances, fragrance ingredients, home care and personal wash, high single-digit growth in fabric care, mid single-digit growth in hair care, and low single-digit growth in toiletries.
•   la flavors sales growth was driven by double-digit growth in savory and dairy and mid single-digit growth in sweet. la total fragrances sales growth was led by double-digit gains in fragrance ingredients and home care, low single-digit gains in toiletries, fabric care and personal wash, which offset double-digit declines in hair care and low single-digit declines in fine fragrances.
•   ga flavors sales growth was led by mid single-digit gains in beverage, and low single-digit gains in savory and sweet, which more than offset the high single-digit declines in dairy. ga total fragrances sales growth primarily reflected double-digit gains in fine fragrances and home care, high single-digit gains in fabric care, mid single-digit gains in toiletries and personal wash, and low single-digit gains in fragrance ingredients. these gains more than offset low single-digit declines in hair care.
cost of goods sold cost of goods sold, as a percentage of sales, increased 140 bps, to 56.5% in 2017 compared to 55.1% in 2016. included in cost of goods sold was $15.9 million of acquisition-related inventory "step-up" costs, $11.0 million related to an fda mandated product recall, $1.8 million of costs associated with operational improvement initiatives, and $0.5 million of integration related costs, in 2017. for 2016, included in costs of goods sold was $7.6 million of acquisition-related inventory "step-up" costs, $2.4 million of costs associated with operational improvement initiatives and $0.7 million of costs related to accelerated depreciation.
research and development (r&d)
r&d expenses, as a percentage of sales, remained relatively consistent with the prior year period at 8.4% in 2017 compared to 8.2% in 2016. the slight increase in 2017 was principally driven by recent acquisitions, and, to a lesser extent, incentive compensation.
selling and administrative (s&a)
s&a, as a percentage of sales, decreased 180 bps to 16.4% versus 18.2% (or 15.9% and 16.4% on an adjusted basis in 2017 and 2016, respectively). included in 2017 were commercial real estate tax assessment charges of $5.3 million, acquisition and integration related costs of $4.5 million and $3.3 million, respectively, uk pension settlement charge of $1.9 million and net legal charges/credits, principally related to a litigation accrual of $1.0 million, compared to net legal charges/credits, principally related to a litigation accrual of $48.5 million, acquisition related costs of $4.5 million and severance costs related to the termination of a former executive officer of $1.4 million in 2016. during 2017, costs were higher as a result of recently acquired companies, offset by slightly lower legal and professional fees associated with various finance initiatives, and decreases in legal and patent fees.
restructuring and other charges restructuring and other charges primarily consist of separation costs for employees, including severance, outplacement and other benefit costs.
38
for the year ended december 31,
(dollars in thousands)             2017   2016
flavors                     $4,505             $(1,119     )
fragrances                  13,077             (581        )
global                       2,129             -
total                      $19,711             $(1,700     )
2015 severance and contingent consideration charges during the fourth quarter of 2015, we established a series of initiatives intended to streamline the company's management structure, simplify decision-making and accountability, better leverage and align its capabilities across the organization and improve efficiency of its global manufacturing and operations network. as a result, in 2015, the company recorded a pre-tax charge of $7.6 million, included in restructuring and other charges, net, related to severance and related costs pertaining to approximately 150 positions that were affected. during 2016, the company recorded a credit of $1.7 million related to the reversal of severance accruals that were determined to be no longer required. separately, in 2015, the company recorded a charge of $7.2 million, included in selling and administrative expenses, associated with the acceleration from 2016 to 2015 of contingent consideration payments from the aromor acquisition that were triggered by certain of the management structure changes noted above. in addition, during 2017, the company made payments of $0.2 million related to severance and recorded a credit of $2.3 million related to the reversal of severance accruals that were determined to be no longer required.
2017 productivity program on february 15, 2017, we announced that we were adopting a multi-year productivity program designed to improve overall financial performance, provide flexibility to invest in growth opportunities and drive long-term value creation. in connection with this program, we expect to optimize our global footprint and simplify the company's organizational structures globally. in connection with this initiative, the company expects to incur cumulative, pre-tax cash charges of between $30-$35 million, consisting primarily of $24-$26 million in personnel-related costs and an estimated $6 million in facility-related costs, such as lease termination, and integration-related costs.
the company recorded $20.6 million of charges related to personnel-related costs in 2017, with the remainder of the personnel-related and other costs expected to be recognized by the end of 2018. the company made payments of $14.0 million related to severance in 2017. the overall charges were split approximately evenly between flavors and fragrances. this initiative is expected to result in the reduction of approximately 370 members of the company's global workforce, including acquired entities, in various parts of the organization.
amortization of acquisition-related intangibles amortization expenses increased to $34.7 million in 2017 compared to $23.8 million in 2016. the increase of $10.9 million is principally due to the acquisitions of fragrance resources and powderpure in 2017, as well as recognizing a full year of amortization in 2017 from the acquisition of david michael as compared to 2016.
operating results by business unit we evaluate the performance of business units based on segment profit which is defined as operating profit before restructuring and certain non-recurring items, interest expense, other expense, net and taxes on income. see note 13 to our consolidated financial statements for the reconciliation to income before taxes.
39
for the year ended december 31,
(dollars in thousands)                             2017                    2016
segment profit:
flavors                                   $375,208                $337,242
fragrances                                 335,412                 334,220
global expenses                            (63,180    )            (48,487    )
operational improvement initiatives         (1,802    )             (2,402    )
acquisition related costs                  (20,389    )            (12,195    )
integration related costs                   (4,179    )                  -
legal charges/credits, net                  (1,000    )            (48,518    )
tax assessment                              (5,331    )                  -
restructuring and other charges, net       (19,711    )               (322    )
gain on sale of assets                         184                   7,818
fda mandated product recall                (11,000    )                  -
uk pension settlement charges               (2,769    )                  -
operating profit                          $581,443                $567,356
profit margin flavors                                       23.0    %               22.5    %
fragrances                                    19.0    %               20.6    %
consolidated                                  17.1    %               18.2    %
flavors business unit flavors segment profit increased $38.0 million to $375.2 million in 2017 (23.0% of segment sales) from $337.2 million (22.5% of sales) in the comparable 2016 period. the increase in segment profit and profit margin principally reflected productivity initiatives and solid top-line growth.
fragrances business unit fragrances segment profit increased $1.2 million to $335.4 million in 2017 (19.0% of segment sales), compared to $334.2 million (20.6% of sales) reported in 2016. the increase in segment profit and profit margin was principally driven by volume growth and the benefits from cost and productivity initiatives offset slightly by the impact of acquisitions.
global expenses global expenses represent corporate and headquarter-related expenses which include legal, finance, human resources and r&d and other administrative expenses that are not allocated to an individual business unit. in 2017, global expenses were $63.2 million compared to $48.5 million during 2016. the increase was principally driven by lower gains on our cash flow hedging program and higher incentive compensation costs.
interest expense in 2017, interest expense increased $12.4 million to $65.4 million, compared to $53.0 million in 2016 reflecting the impact of our issuance of senior notes - 2017 in the second quarter of 2017. average cost of debt was 4.1% for the 2017 period compared to 3.8% in 2016.
other (income) expense, net other income, net increased approximately $11.6 million to $21.0 million of income in 2017 versus $9.4 million of income in 2016. the increase was largely driven by gains on foreign currency of approximately $13 million in the current year versus approximately $5 million in the prior year, as well as proceeds from certain life insurance policies of approximately $4 million in 2017.
40
income taxes the effective tax rate was 44.9% in 2017 as compared to 22.7% in 2016. excluding $139.2 million related to the u.s. tax reform, legal charges/credits, net of $0.4 million, acquisition related costs of $6.5 million, gain on sale of assets of $0.1 million, operational improvement initiative costs of $0.5 million, restructuring and other charges, net of $5.5 million, fda mandated product recall costs of $3.9 million, uk pension settlement charge of $0.5 million, tax assessment of $1.9 million, and integration related costs of $1.3 million, the adjusted effective tax rate for 2017 was 20.7%. for 2016, the adjusted tax rate was 23.8% excluding $17.1 million, $4.1 million, $0.6 million and $0.1 million of tax benefits associated with pretax legal charges/credits, acquisition-related costs, operational improvement initiatives and restructuring related costs, respectively, as well as a $2.7 million tax charge related to the gain on sale of property. the year-over-year reduction principally reflects the reversal of certain valuation allowances on u.s. state deferred taxes.
u.s. tax reform on december 22, 2017, the u.s. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the tax cuts and jobs act (the "tax act") that significantly revised the u.s. tax code effective january 1, 2018 by, among other things, lowering the corporate income tax rate from a top marginal rate of 35% to a flat 21%, limiting deductibility of interest expense and performance based incentive compensation, transitioning to a territorial system and creating new taxes associated with global operations.
the tax act impacted our consolidated results of operations during the 2017 fourth quarter and is expected to continue to impact our consolidated results of operations in future periods. in particular, the transition to the new territorial tax system required us to record a one-time tax or "toll charge" which resulted in a provisional incremental tax expense of $100.6 million principally related to previously unremitted earnings on non-u.s. subsidiaries. the cash portion of the "toll charge" will be payable in installments over 8 years beginning in 2018. in addition, the reduction of the u.s. corporate tax rate resulted in a provisional net deferred tax expense of $38.6 million related to the remeasurement of net deferred tax assets as a result of the reduction in the corporate income tax rate. given the significant complexity of the tax act, anticipated guidance from the u.s. treasury about implementing the tax act and the potential for additional guidance from the sec or the fasb, the company's provisional charge may be adjusted during 2018 and is expected to be finalized no later than the fourth quarter of 2018. other provisions of the tax act that impact future tax years are still being assessed. any material revisions in the company's computations could adversely affect its cash flows and results of operations.
based on our current assessment and understanding of the tax act and the company's current global operating structure, the company believes its effective tax rate will be approximately 21% in 2018. the impact of the tax act may differ from this estimate, due to, among other things, changes in interpretations and assumptions the company has made, additional guidance that may be issued by the taxing authorities as well as operating and/or structural changes that the company may take as a result of the tax act.
adoption of asc topic 740
effective january 1, 2017, the company prospectively applied new accounting guidance which required all excess tax benefits/deficiencies be recognized as income tax expense/benefit in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income. this change resulted in a $3.3 million benefit to income tax expense for the year ended december 31, 2017. for 2016, benefits of $5.3 million were recognized in equity.
2016 in comparison to 2015
sales sales for 2016 totaled $3.1 billion, an increase of 3% from the prior year. excluding currency impacts, sales increased 5%. sales growth reflected new win performance (net of losses) in both flavors and fragrance compounds. on both a reported and currency neutral basis, the effect of acquisitions was approximately 2% to net sales amounts. in addition, fragrance ingredients sales were up 9% on a reported basis and 10% on a currency neutral basis, driven entirely by the impact of acquisitions. overall organic sales growth includes 1% growth from both developed and emerging markets and on a currency neutral basis, 4% growth from emerging markets and 1% growth from developed markets, respectively.
41
flavors business unit flavors sales in 2016 increased 4% on a reported basis and 6% on a currency neutral basis versus the prior year period. acquisitions accounted for approximately 3% of the net sales growth on both a reported and currency neutral basis. overall growth was primarily driven by to mid single-digit growth in savory, sweet and dairy combined with low single-digit growth in beverage. regionally, the flavors business delivered reported and currency neutral growth across all regions. sales growth was led by noam, driven by high single-digit gains in sweet and low single-digit gains in beverage and dairy. sales growth in ga was driven by mid single-digit gains in savory, beverage and sweet and high single-digit gains in dairy. sales growth in eame was driven by mid single-digit gains in savory and sweet and high single-digit gains in dairy. la sales growth was primarily driven by double-digit growth in savory and dairy and high single-digit growth in sweet. eame performance continues to be led by our performance in the emerging market countries within the region. globally, flavors growth included mid single-digit growth in emerging markets. overall, emerging markets represented approximately 52% of total flavors sales.
fragrances business unit fragrances sales in 2016 increased 3% on a reported basis and 4% on a currency neutral basis. acquisitions accounted for approximately 2% of both reported and currency neutral sales growth. year-over-year, 2016 sales performance was led by high single-digit growth in fragrance ingredients (which was driven entirely by the impact of acquisitions) and mid single-digit growth in fabric care, home care and personal wash. sales growth within the regions was led by ga reflecting double-digit gains in fragrance ingredients and fabric care and high single-digit growth in personal wash. noam sales growth reflected double-digit gains in fragrance ingredients, fabric care and home care categories, which more than offset low single-digit declines in fine fragrance. eame sales growth reflected double-digit gains in fragrance ingredients and hair care and low single-digit gains in fabric care. la sales declined reflecting double-digit declines in fragrance ingredients as well as high single-digit declines in hair care and mid single-digit declines in fabric care and home care which more than offset double-digit gains in personal wash. excluding the effects of acquisitions, fragrance ingredients sales declined low single-digits. globally, fragrances growth included low single-digit growth in emerging markets. overall, emerging markets represented 48% of total fragrances sales.
sales performance by region and category
% change in sales - 2016 vs. 2015
fine fragrances         consumer fragrances         ingredients         totalfragrances         flavors         total noam    reported                   -2   %                     8           %          10       %             6         %         8     %        7    %
eame    reported                   -1   %                     1           %          13       %             3         %         1     %        2    %
currency neutral(1)         0   %                     2           %          14       %             4         %         5     %        4    %
la      reported                   -6   %                    -5           %         -15       %            -6         %         1     %       -3    %
currency neutral(1)        -3   %                    -3           %         -13       %            -4         %         5     %       -1    %
ga      reported                    0   %                     6           %          13       %             7         %         4     %        5    %
currency neutral(1)         2   %                     7           %          11       %             8         %         6     %        6    %
total   reported                   -2   %                     2           %           9       %             3         %         4     %        3    %
currency neutral(1)        -1   %                     3           %          10       %             4         %         6     %        5    %
_______________________
(1)   currency neutral sales growth is calculated by translating prior year sales at the exchange rates for the corresponding 2016 period.
•   noam flavors sales growth, which included the impact of acquisitions, primarily reflected high single-digit gains in sweet and low single-digit gains in beverage and dairy. total fragrances sales growth reflected double-digit gains in fragrance ingredients (driven entirely by the impact of acquisitions), fabric care and home care categories, which more than offset low single-digit declines in fine fragrance.
•   eame flavors sales growth primarily reflected mid single-digit gains in savory and sweet and high single-digit gains in dairy. eame total fragrances sales growth was driven by double-digit gains in fragrance ingredients (driven entirely by the impact of acquisitions) and hair care and low single-digit gains in fabric care.
•   la flavors sales growth was driven by double-digit growth in savory and dairy and high single-digit growth in sweet. la total fragrances sales declined reflecting double-digit declines in fragrance ingredients as well as high single-digit declines in hair care and mid single-digit declines in fabric care and home care which more than offset double-digit gains in personal wash.
42
•   ga flavors sales growth was led by mid single-digit gains in savory, beverage and sweet and high single-digit gains in dairy. ga total fragrances sales growth primarily reflected double-digit gains in fragrance ingredients (driven entirely by the impact of acquisitions) and fabric care and high single-digit growth in personal wash.
cost of goods sold cost of goods sold, as a percentage of sales, decreased 20 bps, to 55.1% in 2016 compared to 55.3% in 2015. included in cost of goods sold was $7.6 million of acquisition-related inventory "step-up" costs, $2.4 million of costs associated with operational improvement initiatives and $0.7 million of costs related to accelerated depreciation in 2016 and $6.8 million of acquisition-related inventory "step-up" costs and $1.1 million of costs related to operational improvement initiatives included in 2015.
research and development (r&d)
r&d expenses, as a percentage of sales, remained relatively consistent with the prior year period at 8.2% in 2016 compared to 8.1% in 2015. the slight increase in 2016 was principally driven by slightly higher salary costs and, to a lesser extent, the effect of recent acquisitions.
selling and administrative (s&a)
s&a, as a percentage of sales, increased 180 bps to 18.2% versus 16.4% (or 16.4% and 16.1% on an adjusted basis in 2016 and 2015, respectively). included in 2016 were net legal charges/credits, principally related to litigation accrual, of $48.5 million, acquisition-related costs of $4.5 million and severance costs related to the termination of a former executive officer of $1.4 million, compared to acquisition related costs of $11.5 million, accelerated contingency payments of $7.2 million and the reversal of the previously recorded provision related to the spanish capital tax case of $10.5 million included in 2015. additionally, during 2016, costs were higher as a result of legal and professional fees associated with various finance initiatives and the effect of recently acquired companies, offset by slightly lower salary costs and the effect of foreign currency.
restructuring and other charges restructuring and other charges primarily consist of separation costs for employees, including severance, outplacement and other benefit costs.
for the year ended december 31,
(dollars in thousands)   2016             2015
flavors                  $(1,119     )            $4,198
fragrances               (581        )             1,347
global                   -                         2,049
total                    $(1,700     )            $7,594
amortization of acquisition-related intangibles amortization expenses increased to $23.8 million in 2016 compared to $15.0 million in 2015. the increase of $8.7 million is principally due a full year of amortization in 2016 related to the acquisitions of ottens flavors and lucas meyer as compared to 2015 as well as the acquisition of david michael in 2016.
operating results by business unit we evaluate the performance of business units based on segment profit which is defined as operating profit before restructuring and certain non-recurring items, interest expense, other expense, net and taxes on income. see note 13 to our consolidated financial statements for the reconciliation to income before taxes.
43
for the year endeddecember 31,
(dollars in thousands)                                   2016                        2015
segment profit:
flavors                                       $337,242                    $318,476
fragrances                                     334,220                     321,764
global expenses                                (48,487      )              (28,180      )
restructuring and other charges, net              (322      )               (7,594      )
gain on sales of fixed assets                    7,818                           -
spanish capital tax charge reversal                  -                      10,530
operational improvement initiative costs        (2,402      )               (1,115      )
acquisition related costs                      (12,195      )              (18,342      )
accelerated contingent consideration                 -                      (7,192      )
legal charges/credits, net                     (48,518      )                    -
operating profit                              $567,356                    $588,347
profit margin flavors                                           22.5      %                 22.1      %
fragrances                                        20.6      %                 20.4      %
consolidated                                      18.2      %                 19.5      %
flavors business unit flavors segment profit increased $18.8 million to $337.2 million in 2016 (22.5% of sales) from $318.5 million (22.1% of sales) in the comparable 2015 period. the increase in segment profit and profit margin principally reflects productivity initiatives and solid top-line growth.
fragrances business unit fragrances segment profit increased $12.5 million to $334.2 million in 2016 (20.6% of sales), compared to $321.8 million (20.4% of sales) reported in 2015. the increase in segment profit and profit margin was principally driven by volume growth and the benefits from cost and productivity initiatives.
global expenses global expenses represent corporate and headquarter-related expenses which include legal, finance, human resources and r&d and other administrative expenses that are not allocated to an individual business unit. in 2016, global expenses were $48.5 million compared to $28.2 million during 2015. the increase is principally driven by lower gains on our cash flow hedging program and higher incentive compensation costs.
interest expense in 2016, interest expense increased $6.9 million to $53.0 million, compared to $46.1 million in 2015 reflecting the impact of borrowings under the euro senior notes - 2016. average cost of debt was 3.8% for the 2016 period compared to 4.5% in 2015.
other (income) expense, net other (income) expense, net increased approximately $12.5 million to $9.4 million of income in 2016 versus $3.2 million of expense in 2015. the increase was largely driven by gains on foreign currency of approximately $5.0 million in the current year versus losses of approximately $6.0 million in the prior year.
44
income taxes the effective tax rate was 22.7% in 2016 as compared to 22.2% in 2015. excluding $17.1 million, $4.1 million, $0.6 million and $0.1 million of tax benefits associated with pretax legal charges/credits, net, acquisition-related costs, operational improvement initiatives and restructuring related costs, respectively, as well as a $2.7 million tax charge related to the gain on sale of property, the adjusted tax rate for 2016 was 23.8%. excluding $6.2 million, $2.3 million and $0.3 million of tax benefits associated with pretax acquisition-related costs, restructuring charges and operational improvement initiatives, respectively, a $10.5 million tax settlement received in 2015 due to favorable tax rulings in spain and another jurisdiction as well as a $2.9 million charge related to the reversal of the previously recorded provision for the spanish capital tax case, the adjusted tax rate for 2015 was 24.2%. the year-over-year reduction reflects a benefit from lower cost of repatriation and mix of earnings, which were partially offset by loss provisions.
liquidity and capital resources cash and cash equivalents we had cash and cash equivalents of $368.0 million at december 31, 2017 compared to $324.0 million at december 31, 2016, of which $286.6 million of the balance at december 31, 2017 was held outside the united states. cash balances held in foreign jurisdictions are, in most circumstances, available to be repatriated to the united states.
effective utilization of the cash generated by our international operations is a critical component of our strategy. we regularly repatriate, in the form of dividends from our non-u.s. subsidiaries, a portion of our current year earnings to fund financial obligations in the u.s. these repatriations of current year earnings totaled $192.2 million, $134.5 million and $184.6 million in 2017, 2016, and 2015, respectively. the tax act includes a mandatory one-time tax on accumulated earnings of foreign subsidiaries, and as a result, all previously unremitted earnings for which no u.s. deferred tax liability had been accrued have now been subject to u.s. tax and will not be subject to additional u.s. tax when repatriated. we may repatriate a portion of these accumulated earnings of non-u.s. subsidiaries to fund financial obligations in the u.s., but we do not expect to incur any significant, additional taxes related to such amounts.
cash flows from operating activities operating cash flows in 2017 were $390.8 million compared to $550.1 million in 2016 and $467.3 million in 2015. the decrease in operating cash flows in 2017 as compared to 2016 was principally related to the impact of increased core working capital requirements (trade receivables, inventories and accounts payable) and due to payments on legal claims along with severance, integration and acquisition costs.
working capital (current assets less current liabilities) totaled $1.13 billion at year-end 2017 compared to $0.71 billion at december 31, 2016. this increase in working capital of $417.1 million primarily reflected increases in accounts receivable and inventory offset by an increase in accounts payable and a decrease in short term borrowings as compared to the prior year. in the prior years, current liabilities included a $250 million liability related to the maturity of a payment due on one of our senior notes.
additionally, we continue to sell certain accounts receivable on a non-recourse basis to unrelated financial institutions under "factoring" agreements that are sponsored, solely and individually, by certain customers. we believe that participating in the factoring programs strengthens our relationships with these customers and provides operational efficiencies. we estimate that, as a result of participating in the programs, there was a beneficial impact on cash provided by operations of approximately $7.6 million, $34 million and $3.4 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. the cost of participating in these programs was immaterial to our results in all periods.
cash flows used in investing activities net investing activities in 2017 utilized $299.9 million compared to $355.5 million and $577.2 million in 2016 and 2015, respectively. the decrease in cash paid for investing activities was primarily driven by lower payments for acquisitions. in 2017, we acquired fragrance resources and powderpure for approximately $137.5 million (net of cash acquired) and $54.2 million (net of cash acquired), respectively, in addition to a purchase price adjustment of $0.7 million related to david michael in 2017. in 2016 we paid approximately $237.5 million for the acquisition of david michael, and in 2015 we paid approximately $188.5 million (net of cash acquired) and $305.1 million (net of cash acquired), for ottens flavors and lucas meyer, respectively.
additions to property, plant and equipment were $129.0 million, $126.4 million and $101.0 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively (net of grants and other reimbursements from government authorities). these investments largely arise from
45
our ongoing focus to align our manufacturing facilities with our customer demand, primarily in emerging markets, and new technology consistent with our strategy.
in light of our requirement to begin relocating our fragrance facility in china and the ongoing construction of a new facility in india, we expect that capital spending in 2018 will be about 4.5-5% of sales (net of potential grants and other reimbursements from government authorities).
cash flows used in financing activities net financing activities in 2017 utilized $42.6 million compared to $34.4 million and $165.0 million in 2016 and 2015, respectively. the increase in outflow of cash used in financing activities in 2017 as compared to 2016 principally reflected slightly higher debt repayments in 2017 offset by lower treasury share repurchases. the decrease in outflow of cash used in financing activities in 2016 as compared to 2015 principally reflected borrowings under the euro senior notes - 2016 which were offset by repayment of our senior notes - 2006 as well as higher dividend payments and treasury share repurchases in 2016.
at december 31, 2017, we had $1,639.2 million of debt outstanding compared to $1,325.4 million outstanding at december 31, 2016.
we paid dividends totaling $206.1 million, $184.9 million and $158.9 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. the cash dividend declared per share in 2017, 2016 and 2015 was $2.66, $2.40 and $2.06, respectively.
in december 2012, the board of directors authorized a $250.0 million share repurchase program, which commenced in the first quarter of 2013. in august 2015, the board of directors approved an additional $250 million share repurchase authorization and extension through december 31, 2017. based on the total remaining amount of $56.1 million available under the amended repurchase program as of october 31, 2017, the board of directors re-approved on november 1, 2017 a $250.0 million share repurchase authorization and extension for a total value of $300.0 million available under the program. based on the total remaining amount of $295 million available under the repurchase program, approximately 1.9 million shares, or 2.4% of shares outstanding (based on the market price and shares outstanding as of december 31, 2017) could be repurchased under the program as of december 31, 2017. the purchases will be made from time to time on the open market or through private transactions as market and business conditions warrant. repurchased shares will be placed into treasury stock. the ultimate level of purchases will be a function of the daily purchase limits established in the pre-approved program according to the share price at that time.
capital resources operating cash flow provides the primary source of funds for capital investment needs, dividends paid to shareholders and debt service repayments. we anticipate that cash flows from operations and availability under our existing credit facilities are sufficient to meet our investing and financing needs. we regularly assess our capital structure, including both current and long-term debt instruments, as compared to our cash generation and investment needs in order to provide ample flexibility and to optimize our leverage ratios. we believe our existing cash balances are sufficient to meet our debt service requirements.
during the second quarter of 2017, we acquired powderpure for approximately $54.2 million (net of cash acquired), which was funded from existing resources.
during the first quarter of 2017, we acquired fragrance resources for approximately $137.5 million (net of cash acquired), which was funded from existing resources.
during the fourth quarter of 2016, we acquired david michael for approximately $237.5 million (net of cash acquired), which was funded from existing resources.
during the third quarter of 2015, we acquired lucas meyer for approximately $305.1 million (net of cash acquired), which was funded from existing resources.
during the second quarter of 2015, we acquired ottens flavors for approximately $188.5 million (net of cash acquired), which was funded from existing resources.
credit facility and senior notes we supplement short-term liquidity with access to capital markets, mainly through bank credit facilities and issuance of commercial paper.
46
commercial paper commercial paper issued by the company generally has terms of 90 days or less. as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, there was no commercial paper outstanding. the revolving credit facility is used as a backstop for the company's commercial paper program. the maximum amount of commercial paper outstanding during 2017 and 2016 was $107.5 million and $65 million, respectively.
credit facility there are two tranches under the credit facility. tranche a of the facility is available to borrowers in u.s. dollars, euros, swiss francs, japanese yen and british sterling in an aggregate amount up to an equivalent of approximately $564.1 million, with a sublimit of $25 million for swing line borrowings. tranche b of the facility is available to borrowers in u.s. dollars, euros, swiss francs, japanese yen and british sterling in an aggregate amount up to an equivalent of approximately $385.9 million, with sublimits of €50 million and $25 million for swing line borrowings.
the credit facility is available for general corporate purposes. borrowings under the credit facility bear interest at rate of libor corresponding to the term of the loan plus a margin, currently 112.5 bps, linked to the company's credit rating. the credit facility contains various affirmative and negative covenants, including the requirement for us to maintain, at the end of each fiscal quarter, a ratio of net debt for borrowed money to adjusted ebitda in respect of the previous 12-month period of not more than 3.50 to 1. based on this ratio, at december 31, 2017 our covenant compliance would provide overall borrowing capacity of $1,530.4 million.
as of december 31, 2017 we had no of borrowings under our revolving credit facility. the amount which we are able to draw down on under the facility is limited by financial covenants as described in more detail below. our draw down capacity on the facility was $950 million at december 31, 2017. see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on the credit facility.
at december 31, 2017 and 2016 we were in compliance with all financial and other covenants, including the net debt to adjusted ebitda ratio. at december 31, 2017 our net debt/adjusted ebitda(1) ratio was 1.59 to 1 as defined by the credit facility, well below the financial covenants of existing outstanding debt. failure to comply with the financial and other covenants under our debt agreements would constitute default and would allow the lenders to accelerate the maturity of all indebtedness under the related agreement. if such acceleration were to occur, we would not have sufficient liquidity available to repay the indebtedness. we would likely have to seek amendments under the agreements for relief from the financial covenants or repay the debt with proceeds from the issuance of new debt or equity, and/or asset sales, if necessary. we may be unable to amend the agreements or raise sufficient capital to repay such obligations in the event the maturities are accelerated.
_______________________
(1)   adjusted ebitda and net debt, which are non-gaap measures used for these covenants, are calculated in accordance with the definition in the debt agreements. in this context, these measures are used solely to provide information on the extent to which we are in compliance with debt covenants and may not be comparable to adjusted ebitda and net debt used by other companies. reconciliations of adjusted ebitda to net income and net debt to total debt are as follows:
(dollars in millions)                year ended december 31, 2017
net income                                     $295.7
interest expense                                 65.4
income taxes                                    241.4
depreciation and amortization                   118.0
specified items(1)                               53.7
non-cash items(2)                                26.4
adjusted ebitda                                $800.6
_______________________
(1)   specified items for the 12 months ended december 31, 2017 of $53.7 million consist of net legal charges/credits, acquisition related costs, gain on sale of assets, operational improvement initiative costs, restructuring and other charges, net, fda mandated product recall, uk pension settlement charge, tax assessment, cta realization, and integration related costs.
(2)   non-cash items represent all other adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operations as presented on the statement of cash flows, including gain on disposal of assets and stock-based compensation.
47
(dollars in millions)                      december 31, 2017
total debt                                  $1,639.2
adjustments:
deferred gain on interest rate swaps             0.6
cash and cash equivalents                     (368.0       )
net debt                                    $1,271.8
senior notes senior notes - 2017. on may 18, 2017, the company issued $500.0 million face amount of 4.375% senior notes ("senior notes - 2017") due 2047 at a discount of $1.8 million. the company received proceeds related to the issuance of these senior notes - 2017 of $493.9 million which was net of the $1.8 million discount and $4.4 million in underwriting fees (recorded as deferred financing costs). in addition, the company incurred $0.9 million in legal and professional costs associated with the issuance and such costs were recorded as deferred financing costs. in connection with the debt issuance, the company entered into pre-issuance hedging transactions that were settled upon issuance of the debt and resulted in a loss of approximately $5.3 million. the senior notes - 2017 bear interest at a rate of 4.375% per annum, with interest payable semi-annually on june 1 and december 1 of each year, commencing on december 1, 2017. the senior notes - 2017 will mature on june 1, 2047. see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on the senior notes - 2017.
euro senior notes - 2016. on march 14, 2016, we issued €500.0 million face amount of 1.75% senior notes ("euro senior notes - 2016") due 2024 at a discount of €0.9 million. the company received proceeds related to the issuance of these euro senior notes - 2016 of €496.0 million which was net of the €0.9 million discount and €3.1 million underwriting discount (recorded as deferred financing costs). the euro senior notes - 2016 bear interest at a rate of 1.75% per annum, with interest payable on march 14 of each year, commencing on march 14, 2017. the euro senior notes - 2016 will mature on march 14, 2024. see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on the euro senior notes - 2016.
senior notes - 2013. in april 2013, we issued $300.0 million face amount of 3.20% senior notes ("senior notes - 2013") due 2023 at a discount of $0.3 million, to take advantage of attractive borrowing rates and maintain efficiency and flexibility in our capital structure, and received proceeds of $297.8 million. the senior notes -2013 bear interest at a rate of 3.20% per year, with interest payable on may 1 and november 1 of each year, commencing on november 1, 2013. see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on the senior notes - 2013.
senior notes - 2007. in september 2007, we issued an aggregate of $500.0 million of senior unsecured notes in four series, with $250.0 million due in 2017, $100.0 million due in 2019, $50 million due in 2022 and $100.0 million due in 2027. during the third quarter of 2017, the $250.0 million series note matured and was repaid in full. see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on the senior notes - 2007.
other commitments compliance with existing governmental requirements regulating the discharge of materials into the environment has not materially affected our operations, earnings or competitive position. in 2017 and 2016, we spent $27.9 million and $4.6 million on capital projects and $17.5 million and $16.0 million, respectively, in operating expenses and governmental charges for the purpose of complying with such regulations. expenditures for these purposes will continue for the foreseeable future. in addition, we are party to a number of proceedings brought under the comprehensive environmental response, compensation and liability act or similar state statutes. it is expected that the impact of any judgments in or voluntary settlements of such proceedings will not be material to our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.
48
contractual obligations at december 31, 2017, we had contractual payment obligations due within the time periods as specified in the following table:
payments due total            less than 1 year            1-3 years            3-5 years                  after 5 years
(dollars in millions)                                                 2018          2019 - 2020          2021 - 2022            2023 and thereafter borrowings(1)                       $1,644                      $-                   $100                  $50                      $1,494
interest on borrowings(1)              208                      58                     52                   49                          49
operating leases(2)                    283                      36                     65                   58                         124
pension funding obligations(3)          63                      21                     42                    -                           -
postretirement obligations(4)           83                       5                     10                   11                          57
purchase commitments(5)                 73                      46                     26                    1                           -
u.s. tax reform toll-charge(6)          65                      $5                    $10                  $10                         $40
total                               $2,419                    $171                   $305                 $179                      $1,764
_______________________
(1)   see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for a further discussion of our various borrowing facilities.
(2)   operating leases include facility and other lease commitments executed in the normal course of the business, including sale leaseback obligations included in note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. further details concerning worldwide aggregate operating leases are contained in note 18 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
(3)   see note 14 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for a further discussion of our retirement plans. anticipated funding obligations are based on current actuarial assumptions. the projected contributions beyond fiscal year 2020 are not currently determinable.
(4)   amounts represent expected future benefit payments for our postretirement benefit plans.
(5)   purchase commitments include agreements for raw material procurement and contractual capital expenditures. amounts for purchase commitments represent only those items which are based on agreements that are enforceable and legally binding.
(6)   this amount represents our provisional estimate of the cash portion of the "toll charge" that will be payable in installments over eight years beginning in 2018. this will be subject to adjustment as we finalize the relevant computations and additional irs rules and guidance on the tax act provisions are adopted.
the table above does not include $38.2 million of the total unrecognized tax benefits for uncertain tax positions and approximately $4.1 million of associated accrued interest. due to the high degree of uncertainty regarding the timing of potential cash flows, we are unable to make a reasonable estimate of the amount and period in which the remaining liabilities might be paid.
critical accounting policies and use of estimates our significant accounting policies are more fully described in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. as disclosed in note 1, the preparation of financial statements in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts and accompanying disclosures. these estimates are based on management's best judgment of current events and actions that we may undertake in the future. actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates.
those areas requiring the greatest degree of management judgment or deemed most critical to our financial reporting involve:
the periodic assessment of potential impairment of goodwill. we currently have goodwill of $1.2 billion. in assessing the potential for impairment of goodwill, management uses the most current actual and forecasted operating data available and current market-based assumptions in accordance with the criteria in financial accounting standards board ("fasb") accounting standards codification ("asc") 350. the company has identified four reporting units: (1) flavors, (2) fragrance compounds, (3) fragrance ingredients and (4) cosmetic actives ingredients. these reporting units were determined based on the level at which the performance is measured and reviewed by segment management.
49
the company performs an annual goodwill impairment test for the flavors, fragrance compounds, fragrance ingredients and cosmetic actives ingredients reporting units by assessing the fair value of the reporting units based on discounted cash flows. if a reporting unit's carrying amount exceeds its fair value, the company will record an impairment charge based on that difference, and the impairment charge will be limited to the amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. in january 2017, the fasb issued an amendment to the goodwill impairment guidance which eliminates step 2 from the goodwill impairment test. effective fiscal year 2017, the company adopted the new guidance and no longer performs the annual goodwill impairment test using the two-step approach. the company completed its annual goodwill impairment test as of november 30, 2017, which indicated no impairment of goodwill, as the estimated fair values substantially exceeded the carrying values of each of these reporting units.
the periodic assessment of potential impairment of finite-lived intangible assets. we currently have intangible assets of $415.8 million. the company reviews long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in business conditions indicate that their full carrying value may not be recovered. an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows produced by an asset or group of assets is compared to the carrying value to determine whether impairment exists. if assets are determined to be impaired, the loss is measured based on an estimate of fair value using various valuation techniques, including a discounted estimate of future cash flows.
the analysis and evaluation of income taxes. we account for taxes under the asset and liability method. under this method, deferred income taxes are recognized for temporary differences between the financial statement and tax return bases of assets and liabilities. a valuation allowance is recognized if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. the assessment of the need for a valuation allowance requires management to make estimates and assumptions about future earnings, reversal of existing temporary differences and available tax planning strategies. if actual experience differs from these estimates and assumptions, the recorded deferred tax asset may not be fully realized resulting in an increase to income tax expense in our results of operations.
we are subject to income taxes in the u.s. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. significant judgment is required in evaluating our uncertain tax positions and determining our provision for income taxes. we first determine whether it is "more likely than not" that we would sustain our tax position if the relevant tax authority were to audit the position with full knowledge of all the relevant facts and other information. for those tax positions that meet this threshold, we measure the amount of tax benefit based on the largest amount of tax benefit that we have a greater than 50% chance of realizing in a final settlement with the relevant authority. those tax positions failing to qualify for initial recognition are recognized in the first interim period in which they meet the more likely than not standard. this evaluation is made at the time that we adopt a tax position and whenever there is new information and is based upon management's evaluation of the facts, circumstances and information available at the reporting date. we maintain a cumulative risk portfolio relating to all of our uncertainties in income taxes in order to perform this analysis, but the evaluation of our tax positions requires significant judgment and estimation in part because, in certain cases, tax law is subject to varied interpretation, and whether a tax position will ultimately be sustained may be uncertain. we do not currently believe that any of our pending tax assessments, even if ultimately resolved against us, would have a material impact on our results of operations and cash flows.
on december 22, 2017, the u.s. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the tax cuts and jobs act (the "tax act") that significantly revised the u.s. tax code effective january 1, 2018 by, among other things, lowering the corporate income tax rate from a top marginal rate of 35% to a flat 21%, limiting deductibility of interest expense and performance based incentive compensation, transitioning to a territorial system and creating new taxes associated with global operations.
the tax act impacted the company's consolidated results of operations during the 2017 fourth quarter and is expected to continue to impact its consolidated results of operations in future periods. in particular, the transition to the new territorial tax system required the company to record a one-time tax or "toll charge" which resulted in a provisional incremental tax expense of $100.6 million principally related to previously unremitted earnings on non-u.s. subsidiaries. the cash portion of the "toll charge" will be payable in installments over 8 years beginning in 2018. in addition, the reduction of the u.s. corporate tax rate resulted in a provisional net deferred tax expense of $38.6 million related to the remeasurement of net deferred tax assets as a result of the reduction in the corporate income tax rate. given the significant complexity of the tax act, anticipated guidance from the u.s. treasury about implementing the tax act and the potential for additional guidance from the sec or the fasb, the company's provisional charge may be adjusted during 2018 and is expected to be finalized no later than the fourth quarter of 2018. other provisions of the tax act that impact future tax years are still being assessed. any material revisions in the company's computations could adversely affect its cash flows and results of operations.
50
the evaluation of potential litigation and environmental liabilities, where changing circumstances, rules and regulations require regular reassessment of related practices and anticipated costs. we are subject to certain legal claims regarding products and other matters, as well as environmental-related matters. significant management judgment is involved in determining when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the extent to which it can be reasonably estimated.
we regularly assess potential liabilities with respect to all legal claims based on the most recent available information, in consultation with outside counsel we have engaged on our behalf to handle the defense of such matters. to the extent a liability is considered to be probable and reasonably estimable, we recognize a corresponding liability; if the reasonably estimated liability is a range, we recognize that amount considered most likely, or in the absence of such a determination, the minimum reasonably estimated liability. to the extent such claims are covered by various insurance policies, we separately evaluate the right to recovery and estimate the related insurance claim receivable. management judgments involve determination as to whether a liability has been incurred, the reasonably estimated amount of that liability, and any potential insurance recovery.
we regularly evaluate potential environmental exposure in terms of total estimated cost and the viability of other potentially responsible parties ("prp's") associated with our exposure. recorded liabilities are adjusted periodically as remediation efforts progress and additional information becomes available. critical management assumptions relate to expected total costs to remediate and the financial viability of prp's to share such costs.
determination of the various assumptions employed in the valuation of pension and retiree health care expense and associated obligations. amounts recognized in the consolidated financial statements related to pension and other postretirement benefits are determined from actuarial valuations. inherent in such valuations are assumptions including expected return on plan assets, discount rates at which the liabilities could be settled, rates of increase in future compensation levels, mortality rates and health care cost trend rates. these assumptions are updated annually and are disclosed in note 14 to the consolidated financial statements. in accordance with gaap, actual results that differ from the assumptions are accumulated and amortized over future periods and, therefore, affect expense recognized and obligations recorded in future periods.
we consider a number of factors in determining and selecting assumptions for the overall expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. we consider the historical long-term return experience of our assets, the current and expected allocation of our plan assets, and expected long-term rates of return. we derive these expected long-term rates of return with the assistance of our investment advisors. we base our expected allocation of plan assets on a diversified portfolio consisting of domestic and international equity securities, fixed income, real estate, and alternative asset classes.
we consider a variety of factors in determining and selecting our assumptions for the discount rate at december 31. for the u.s. plans, the discount rate was based on the internal rate of return for a portfolio of high quality bonds rated aa or higher by either moody's or standard & poor's with maturities that are consistent with the projected future benefit payment obligations of the plan. for the non-u.s. plans, the discount rates were determined by region and are based on high quality long-term corporate bonds. consideration has been given to the duration of the liabilities in each plan when selecting the bonds to be used in determining the discount rate. the rate of compensation increase for all plans and the medical cost trend rate for the applicable u.s. plans are based on plan experience.
with respect to the u.s. plans, the expected rate of return on plan assets was determined based on an asset allocation model using the current target allocation, real rates of return by asset class and an anticipated inflation rate. the target asset allocation consists of approximately: 20% in equity securities and 80% in fixed income securities. the plan has achieved a compounded annual rate of return of 5.9% over the previous 20 years. at december 31, 2017, the actual asset allocation for the u.s. plan was: 1% cash and cash equivalents, 28% in equity securities and 71% in fixed income securities.
the expected rate of return for the non-u.s. plans employs a similar set of criteria adapted for local investments, inflation rates and in certain cases specific government requirements. the target asset allocation, for the non-u.s. plans, consists of approximately: 40% - 70% in fixed income securities; 15% - 40% in equity securities; 5% - 20% in real estate; and 5% - 10% in alternative investments. at december 31, 2017, the actual asset allocation for the non-u.s. plan was: 40% in fixed income investments; 27% in equity investments; 4% in real estate investments, 4% in cash and cash equivalents and 25% in alternative investments.
51
changes in pension and other post-employment benefits, and associated expenses, may occur in the future due to changes in these assumptions. the impact that a 0.25% decrease in the discount rate or a 1% change in the medical cost trend rate would have on our pension and other post-employment benefit expense, as applicable, is as follows:
sensitivity of disclosures to changes in selected assumptions
25 bp decrease indiscount rate                          25 bp decrease indiscount rate                25 bp decrease inlong-term rateof return
(dollars in thousands)        change inpbo                      change inabo          change inpension expense                      change inpension expense u.s. pension plans            $16,777                         $16,698                 $(148                     )                   $1,249
non-u.s. pension plans        49,150                           47,394                 2,677                                         1,941
postretirement benefit plan   n/a                               2,454          75                                                   n/a the effect of a 1% increase in the medical cost trend rate would increase the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation and the annual postretirement expense by approximately $0.3 million and less than $0.1 million, respectively; a 1% decrease in the rate would decrease the obligation and expense by approximately $0.4 million and less than $0.1 million, respectively.
the ongoing assessment of the valuation of inventory, given the large number of natural ingredients employed, the quality of which may be diminished over time. we hold a majority of our inventory as raw materials, providing the greatest degree of flexibility in manufacture and use. as of december 31, 2017, we maintained 50% of our inventory as raw materials. materials are evaluated based on shelf life, known uses and anticipated demand based on forecasted customer order activity and changes in product/sales mix. management policy provides for an ongoing assessment of inventory with adjustments recorded when an item is deemed to be slow moving or obsolete.
we believe that we have considered relevant circumstances that we may be currently subject to, and the financial statements accurately reflect our best estimate of the impact of these items in our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows for the years presented. we have discussed the decision process and selection of these critical accounting policies with the audit committee of the board of directors.
new accounting standards in february 2018, fasb issued amendments to the income statement - reporting comprehensive income guidance which allow a reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive income to retained earnings for stranded tax effects resulting from the tax act, in addition to requiring certain disclosures about stranded tax effects. this guidance is effective for periods beginning after december 15, 2018, with an election to adopt early. the company is currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements.
in august 2017, fasb issued amendments to the derivatives and hedging guidance which eliminates the requirement to separately measure and present hedge ineffectiveness and aligns the presentation of hedge gains and losses with the underlying hedge item. this guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after december 15, 2018. early adoption is permitted. the amended presentation and disclosure requirements should be applied prospectively while the amendments to cash flow and net investment hedge relationships should be applied on a modified retrospective basis. the company is currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements.
in may 2017, the fasb issued amendments to the compensation - stock compensation guidance which clarifies changes to the terms or conditions of a share-based payment award that require an entity to apply modification accounting. this guidance is effective, and should be applied prospectively, for fiscal years beginning after december 15, 2017. early adoption is permitted. the company does not expect this guidance to have an impact on its consolidated financial statements as it is not the company's practice to modify the terms or conditions of a share-based payment award after it has been granted.
in march 2017, the fasb issued amendments to the compensation - retirement benefits guidance which requires employers who present a measure of operating income in their statement of income to include only the service cost component of net periodic pension cost and postretirement costs in operating expenses. this guidance is effective, and should be applied retrospectively, for fiscal years beginning after december 15, 2017. early adoption is permitted as of the beginning of an annual period. the company will adopt this standard on january 1, 2018, and expects the impact that this guidance will have on its consolidated statement of comprehensive income will be an increase in operating expenses of approximately $30 million and $15 million for the fiscal years 2017 and 2016, respectively. there will be no impact to net income or net income
52
per share in either period. the new guidance also limits the amount of net periodic benefit cost eligible for capitalization to assets. the new guidance permits only the service cost component of net periodic benefit cost to be eligible for capitalization.
in january 2017, the fasb issued amendments to the business combination guidance which clarifies the definition of a business in order to assist companies when evaluating whether transactions should be accounted for as acquisitions or disposals of assets or businesses. this guidance will be effective prospectively for annual and interim periods beginning after december 15, 2017. the company will apply this guidance for transactions occurring after the effective date.
in october 2016, the fasb issued authoritative guidance which allows for the immediate recognition of current and deferred income tax impact on intra-entity asset transfers, excluding inventory. the company adopted this guidance in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017 and accordingly, recorded a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings that reduced other assets and adjusted deferred income taxes by a net amount of approximately $34 million.
in august 2016, the fasb issued authoritative guidance which requires changes to the classification of certain activities within the statement of cash flows. this guidance will be effective for annual and interim periods beginning after december 15, 2017. early adoption will be permitted for all entities. the company does not expect this adoption to have a significant impact on its consolidated statement of cash flows.
in june 2016, the fasb issued authoritative guidance which requires issuers to measure expected credit losses for financial assets based on historical experience, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. as such, an entity will use forward-looking information to estimate credit losses. the guidance is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after december 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years. early adoption is permitted for the fiscal years beginning after december 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. the company is currently evaluating the impact this guidance may have on its consolidated financial statements, but does not expect this guidance to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.
in march 2016, the fasb issued authoritative guidance which requires changes to several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the treatment of income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification of certain items on the statement of cash flows. this guidance was effective for annual and interim periods beginning after december 15, 2016. the company adopted this standard during the first quarter of 2017. the standard requires that employee taxes paid when an employer withholds shares be presented in the consolidated statement of cash flows as a financing activity instead of an operating activity. the company adopted this change retrospectively. the adoption resulted in an $11.8 million, $13.4 million and $22.9 million reclassification from net cash provided by operating activities to net cash provided by financing activities on the consolidated statement of cash flows as of december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. in addition, the standard requires that excess tax benefits presented in the consolidated statement of cash flows be classified as an operating activity instead of a financing activity. the company adopted this change retrospectively. the adoption resulted in a $3.3 million, $4.7 million and $12.1 million reclassification from net cash provided by financing activities to net cash provided by operating activities on the consolidated statement of cash flows as of december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
the standard also requires all excess tax benefits/deficiencies be recognized as income tax expense/benefit in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income. this guidance has been applied prospectively. this change resulted in a $3.3 million benefit to income tax expense for the year ended december 31, 2017. for 2016, benefits of $5.3 million were recognized in equity.
in february 2016, the fasb issued authoritative guidance which requires changes to the accounting for leases. the new guidance establishes a new lease accounting model, that requires entities to record assets and liabilities related to leases on the balance sheet for certain types of leases. the guidance will be effective for annual and interim periods beginning after december 15, 2018. the company expects to adopt this guidance effective december 30, 2018 and that the adoption of this guidance will result in significant increases to assets and liabilities on its consolidated balance sheet. the company is still evaluating the impact of this guidance on its consolidated statement of comprehensive income. the company has begun to evaluate the nature of its leases and has compiled preliminary analysis of the type and location of its leases. the company expects that the significant portion of its leases will relate to property but with additional leases in existence that relate to vehicles and machinery.
revenue recognition - adoption of asc 606
in may 2014, the fasb issued authoritative guidance that provides for a comprehensive model to be used in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers (asc topic 606 revenue from contracts with customers) (the "revenue standard"). under the revenue standard, revenue will be recognized to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.
53
this guidance is applicable to all entities and is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after december 15, 2017. companies have the option to apply the new guidance under a retrospective approach to each prior reporting period presented or a modified retrospective approach with the cumulative effect of initially applying the new guidance recognized at the date of initial application within the consolidated balance sheet. the company has determined that it will adopt this guidance using the modified retrospective approach.
the company has substantially completed the evaluation of the revenue standard, including updates to it issued by the fasb, and has adopted the revenue standard on december 30, 2017, the first day of the company's 2018 fiscal year. a cumulative catch up adjustment will be recorded as of that date.
the company creates and manufactures flavors and fragrances. approximately 90% of products, principally flavors compounds and fragrance compounds, are customized to customer specifications and have no alternative use other than sale to the specific customer ("compounds products"). the remaining revenue is derived largely from fragrance ingredient products that, generally, are commodity products with alternative uses and not customized ("ingredients products").
the company's evaluation is substantially complete and was comprised of (i) a detailed review of a large number of documents, including master service, supply, rebate and other similar agreements, and purchase orders, (ii) interviews with regional finance and business personnel on general issues, such as the nature of its larger customer relationships; the nature of potential regional variations; rebates and other price adjustments; upfront costs; and shipping terms and specific issues identified during the review (such as consignment, minimum order quantities, etc.), and (iii) consultation with legal counsel with respect to the nature of various terms within the contracts.
based on this evaluation, with respect to the vast majority of the company's contracts for compounds products, the company will recognize revenue at a point in time. specifically, revenue will be recognized upon transfer of control of the product, as the company does not have an "enforceable right to payment for performance to date" (as set out in section 606-10-25-27 (c) of the standard). with respect to a small number of compounds products customers, the company has determined that it does have an "enforceable right to payment for performance to date" (as set out in section 606-10-25-27 (c) of the revenue standard). for contracts where an enforceable right to payment exists the company will recognize revenue over time using the output method. the calculation of the required cumulative catch up adjustment is in the process of being finalized.
it was determined that no adjustment will be required with respect to revenue related to ingredients products as such products generally have alternative uses and on which the company does not have an enforceable right to payment at all times during the manufacturing process.
in completing its assessment of the adoption of the revenue standard the company elected to combine the shipment of goods with their manufacture to account for both shipment and manufacture as a single performance obligation.
non-gaap financial measures the company uses non-gaap financial operating measures in this form 10-k, including: (i) currency neutral sales (which eliminates the effects that result from translating its international sales in u.s. dollars), (ii) adjusted gross profit and adjusted gross margin (which exclude operational improvement initiatives; acquisition related costs; integration related costs; restructuring and other charges, net; and fda mandated product recall), (iii) adjusted operating profit and adjusted operating margin (which excludes operational improvement initiatives; acquisition related costs; integration related costs; legal charges/credits, net; tax assessment; restructuring and other charges, net; gain on sale of assets; fda mandated product recall; and uk pension settlement charges), (iv) adjusted selling and administrative expenses (which excludes operational improvement initiatives; acquisition related costs; integration related costs; legal charges/credits, net; tax assessment; restructuring and other charges, net and uk pension settlement charges) and (v) adjusted effective tax rate (which excludes operational improvement initiatives; acquisition related costs; integration related costs; legal charges/credits, net; tax assessment; restructuring and other charges, net; gain on sale of assets; cta realization; fda mandated product recall; uk pension settlement charges; and u.s. tax reform). the company also provides the non-gaap measures adjusted ebitda (which excludes certain specified items and non-cash items as set forth in the company's debt agreements) and net debt (which is adjusted for deferred gain on interest rate swaps and cash and cash equivalents) solely for the purpose of providing information on the extent to which the company is in compliance with debt covenants contained in its debt agreements.
we have included each of these non-gaap measures in order to provide additional information regarding our underlying operating results and comparable year-over-year performance. such information is supplemental to information presented in accordance with gaap and is not intended to represent a presentation in accordance with gaap. in discussing our historical and expected future results and financial condition, we believe it is meaningful for investors to be made aware of and to be assisted in a better understanding of, on a period-to-period comparable basis, financial amounts both including and excluding
54
these identified items, as well as the impact of exchange rate fluctuations. we believe such additional non-gaap information provides investors with an overall perspective of the period-to-period performance of our business. in addition, management internally reviews each of these non-gaap measures to evaluate performance on a comparative period-to-period basis in terms of absolute performance, trends and expected future performance with respect to our business. a material limitation of these non-gaap measures is that such measures do not reflect actual gaap amounts. we compensate for such limitations by using these measures as one of several metrics, including gaap measures. these non-gaap measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies.
a. reconciliation of non-gaap metrics reconciliation of gross profit year ended december 31,
(dollars in thousands)                                    2017   2016
reported (gaap)                               $1,479,001                  $1,399,070
operational improvement initiatives (a)            1,802                       2,391
acquisition related costs (b)                     15,860                       7,648
integration related costs (c)                        480                           -
restructuring and other charges, net (f)               -         658
fda mandated product recall (i)                   11,000                           -
adjusted (non-gaap)                           $1,508,143                  $1,409,767
reconciliation of selling and administrative expenses year ended december 31,
(dollars in thousands)                                         2017   2016
reported (gaap)                                   $557,311                            $566,224
operational improvement initiatives (a)                  -                                 (11        )
acquisition related costs (b)                       (4,529        )                     (4,547        )
integration related costs (c)                       (3,258        )                          -
legal charges/credits, net (d)                      (1,000        )                    (48,518        )
tax assessment (e)                                  (5,331        )                          -
restructuring and other charges, net (f)                 -                              (1,364        )
uk pension settlement charges (j)                   (1,882        )                          -
adjusted (non-gaap)                               $541,311                            $511,784
reconciliation of operating profit year ended december 31,
(dollars in thousands)                                   2017   2016
reported (gaap)                               $581,443                    $567,356
operational improvement initiatives (a)          1,802                       2,402
acquisition related costs (b)                   20,389                      12,195
integration related costs (c)                    4,179                           -
legal charges/credits, net (d)                   1,000                      48,518
tax assessment (e)                               5,331                           -
restructuring and other charges, net (f)        19,711          322
gain on sale of assets (g)                        (184      )               (7,818      )
fda mandated product recall (i)                 11,000                           -
uk pension settlement charges (j)                2,769                           -
adjusted (non-gaap)                           $647,440                    $622,975
55
reconciliation of net income year ended december 31,
2017                                                                                                                                           2016
(dollars in thousands)                          income before taxes            taxes on income (l)              net income               eps       income before taxes            taxes on income (l)            net income              eps (m)
reported (gaap)                                   $537,045                       $241,380                   $295,665                3.72           $523,717                       $118,686                       $405,031                $5.05
operational improvement initiatives (a)              1,802                            450                      1,352                0.02           2,402                                      599                1,803                      0.02
acquisition related costs (b)                       20,389                          6,514                     13,875                0.17           12,195                         4,117                          8,078                      0.10
integration related costs (c)                        4,179                          1,331                      2,848                0.03           -                              -                              -                       -
legal charges/credits, net (d)                       1,000                            354            646                            0.01           48,518                         17,089                         31,429                     0.39
tax assessment (e)                                   5,331                          1,885                      3,446                0.04           -                              -                              -                       -
restructuring and other charges, net (f)            19,711                          5,465                     14,246                0.17       322                                             97            225                         -
gain on sale of assets (g)                            (184        )                   (59        )              (125     )             -           (7,818            )            (2,658            )            (5,160        )         (0.06     )
cta realization (h)                                (12,217        )                     -                    (12,217     )         (0.15   )       -                              -                              -                       -
fda mandated product recall (i)                     11,000                          3,890                      7,110                0.09           -                              -                              -                       -
uk pension settlement charges (j)                    2,769                            526                      2,243                0.03           -                              -                              -                       -
u.s. tax reform (k)                                      -                       (139,172        )           139,172                1.76           -                              -                              -                       -
adjusted (non-gaap) (n)                           $590,825                       $122,564                   $468,261               $5.89           $579,336                       $137,930                       $441,406                $5.51
(a)   for 2017 and 2016, represents accelerated depreciation and idle labor costs in hangzhou, china. for 2016, also includes the partial reversal of severance accruals related to prior year operational initiatives in europe. there was approximately $0.4 million of idle labor costs in hangzhou, china recorded during the 2016 that were not excluded from adjusted non-gaap metrics.
(b)   for 2017, represents the amortization of inventory "step-up" included in cost of goods sold and transaction costs related to the acquisitions of fragrance resources and powderpure within selling and administrative expenses. for 2016, represents the amortization of inventory "step-up" included in cost of goods sold and transaction costs related to the acquisitions of david michael within selling and administrative expenses.
(c)   represents costs related to the integration of the david michael and fragrance resources acquisitions.
(d)   represents additional charge related to litigation settlement.
(e)   represents the reserve for payment of a tax assessment related to commercial rent for prior periods.
(f)   represents severance costs related to the 2017 productivity program which were partially offset by the reversal of 2015 severance charges that were no longer needed. for 2016, represents accelerated depreciation related to restructuring initiatives and severance costs related to the termination of a former executive officer and the partial reversal of restructuring accruals recorded in the prior year.
(g)   represents gains on sale of assets. for 2016, assets sold were principally in brazil. during the first quarter of 2016, we previously recognized approximately $3 million of gains related to the sale of fixed assets. we have not retrospectively adjusted these amounts out of our adjusted non-gaap metrics.
(h)   represents the release of cta related to the liquidation of a foreign entity.
(i)   represents an estimate of the company's incremental direct costs and customer reimbursement obligations, in excess of the company's sales value of the recalled products, arising from an fda mandated recall.
(j)   represents pension settlement charges incurred in one of the company's uk pension plans.
(k)   represents charges incurred related to enactment of certain u.s. tax legislation changes in december 2017. the amount includes approximately $38.6 million related to net adjustments on deferred tax assets and $100.6 million related taxes on deemed repatriation of earnings.
(l)   the income tax expense (benefit) on non-gaap adjustments is computed in accordance with asc 740 using the same methodology as the gaap provision of income taxes. income tax effects of non-gaap adjustments are calculated based on the applicable statutory tax rate for each jurisdiction in which such charges were incurred, except for those items which are non-taxable for which the tax expense (benefit) was calculated at 0%. for fiscal year 2017, these non-gaap adjustments were not subject to foreign tax credits or valuation allowances, but to the extent that such factors are applicable to any future non-gaap adjustments we will take such factors into consideration in calculating the tax expense (benefit).
(m)   the sum of these items does not foot due to rounding.
56
(n)   the company had approximately 79.4 million and 80.0 million shares outstanding on a weighted average basis for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. as a result, our adjusted eps was $5.89 and $5.51, respectively, for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, an increase of 7%.
b. foreign currency reconciliation operating profit year ended december 31,
2017                                                                            2016
% change - reported (gaap)                                                 2%                (4)%
items impacting comparability (1) (2)                                      2%                  5%
% change - adjusted (non-gaap)(2)                                          4%                  2%
currency impact                                                            1%                  2%
% change year-over-year - currency neutral adjusted (non-gaap)(2)**        5%                  4%
_______________________
(1)  includes items impacting comparability of $66.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2017 and includes $55.6 million of items impacting comparability for the year ended december 31, 2016.
(2)    2016 item does not foot due to rounding.
** currency neutral amount is calculated by translating prior year amounts at the exchange rates used for the corresponding 2017 period. currency neutral operating profit also eliminates the year-over-year impact of cash flow hedging.
c. acquisition related intangible asset amortization the company tracks the amount of amortization expensed on recent acquisitions in order to monitor its progress with respect to its vision 2020 goals. the following amounts were expensed with respect to recent acquisitions:
year ended december 31,
(dollars in thousands)      2017   2016
powderpure                $2,011                 n/a fragrance resources       $6,989                 n/a david michael             $3,991              $1,662
ottens flavors            $6,285              $6,345
lucas meyer cosmetics     $7,831              $8,322
cautionary statement under the private securities litigation reform act of 1995
statements in this form 10-k, which are not historical facts or information, are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. such forward-looking statements are based on management's current assumptions, estimates and expectations and include statements concerning (i) our ability to achieve long-term sustainable growth and increase shareholder value, (ii) growth potential in the emerging markets, (iii) the anticipated impact of our acquisitions on our market position within key markets, (iv) our competitive position in the market and expected financial results in 2018, (v) expected savings from profit improvement initiatives, (vi) expected capital expenditures and cost pressures in 2018, (vii) the impact of the tax act on the company's effective tax rate in 2018, (viii) the expected level of share repurchases under the company's share repurchase program, (ix) our ability to innovate and execute on specific consumer trends and demands, and (x) timing of completion or relocation of our plants in china. these forward-looking statements should be evaluated with consideration given to the many risks and uncertainties inherent in our business that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. certain of such forward-looking information may be identified by such terms as "expect", "anticipate", "believe", "intend", "outlook", "may", "estimate", "should", "predict" and similar terms or variations thereof. such forward-looking statements are based on a series of expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections about the company, are not guarantees of future results or performance, and involve significant risks, uncertainties and other factors, including assumptions and projections, for all forward periods. our actual results may differ materially from any future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. such factors include, among others, the following:
•   our ability to effectively compete in our market, and to successfully develop new products that appeal to our customers and consumers;
•   our ability to provide our customers with innovative, cost-effective products;
57
•   the impact of a disruption in our manufacturing operations;
•   the impact of the basf supply chain disruption on the supply and price of a key ingredient in 2018;
•   our ability to implement our vision 2020 strategy;
•   the impact of the recently-enacted tax act on our effective tax rate in 2018 and beyond;
•   our ability to successfully market to our expanding and decentralized flavors customer base;
•   our ability to react in a timely manner to changes in the consumer products industry related to health and wellness;
•   our ability to establish and maintain collaborations, joint ventures or partnerships, which lead to the development or commercialization of products;
•   our ability to benefit from our investments and expansion in emerging markets;
•   the impact of international operations that are subject to regulatory, political and other risks;
•   the impact of economic uncertainty which may adversely affect demand for consumer products using flavors and fragrances;
•   our ability to attract and retain talented employees;
•   our ability to comply with, and the costs associated with compliance with, u.s. and foreign environmental protection laws;
•   our ability to realize the expected cost savings and efficiencies from our profitability improvement initiatives and the optimization of our manufacturing facilities;
•   volatility and increases in the price of raw materials, energy and transportation;
•   our ability to maintain the integrity of our raw materials, supply chain and finished goods, and comply with applicable regulations;
•   our ability to successfully manage our inventory and/or working capital balances;
•   the impact of violations of the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act or similar u.s. or foreign anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws and regulations in the markets in which we operate;
•   our ability to protect our intellectual property rights;
•   uncertainties regarding the outcome of, or funding requirements, related to litigation or settlement of pending litigation, uncertain tax positions or other contingencies;
•   the impact of any future impairment of our tangible or intangible long-lived assets;
•   the impact of changes in our tax rates, tax liabilities, the adoption of new united states or international tax legislation, or changes in existing tax laws;
•   our ability to successfully estimate the impact of certain accounting and tax matters; and
•   the potential adverse impact of brexit on currency exchange rates, global economic conditions and cross-border agreements that affect our business.
the foregoing list of important factors does not include all such factors, nor necessarily present them in order of importance. in addition, you should consult other disclosures made by the company (such as in our other filings with the securities and exchange commission ("sec") or in company press releases) for other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those projected by the company. please refer to part i. item 1a., risk factors, of this form 10-k for additional information regarding factors that could affect the company's results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
we intend our forward-looking statements to speak only as of the time of such statements and do not undertake or plan to update or revise them as more information becomes available or to reflect changes in expectations, assumptions or results. we can give no assurance that such expectations or forward-looking statements will prove to be correct. an occurrence of, or any material adverse change in, one or more of the risk factors or risks and uncertainties referred to in this report or included in our other periodic reports filed with the sec could materially and adversely impact our operations and our future financial results.
any public statements or disclosures made by us following this report that modify or impact any of the forward-looking statements contained in or accompanying this report will be deemed to modify or supersede such outlook or other forward-looking statements in or accompanying this report.
58
