item 1a. risk factors factors that may affect future results investments in our securities involve significant risks. even small changes in investor expectations for our future growth and earnings, whether as a result of actual or rumored financial or operating results, changes in the mix of the products and services sold, acquisitions, industry changes, or other factors, could trigger, and have triggered in the past, significant fluctuations in the market price of our common stock. investors in our securities should carefully consider all of the relevant factors disclosed by us, including, but not limited to, the following factors, that could affect our business, operating results and stock price.
our quarterly results are unpredictable and subject to substantial fluctuations; as a result, we may fail to meet the expectations of securities analysts and investors, which could adversely affect the trading price of our common stock.
our revenues and operating results may vary significantly from quarter-to-quarter due to a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control and any of which may cause our stock price to fluctuate.
the factors that may cause our quarterly results to vary quarter by quarter and be unpredictable include, but are not limited to:
•   limited visibility into customer spending plans;
•   changes in customer mix;
•   changes in the mix of products and services sold;
•   changes in the mix of geographies in which our products and services are sold;
•   changing market and economic conditions;
•   current and potential customer, partner and supplier consolidation and concentration;
•   price and product competition;
•   long sales, qualification and implementation cycles;
•   unpredictable ordering patterns and reduced visibility into our customers' spending plans and associated revenue;
•   how well we execute on our strategy and operating plans and the impact of changes in our business model that could result in significant restructuring charges;
•   our ability to achieve targeted cost reductions;
•   changes in tax laws or accounting rules, or interpretations thereof;
•   changes in the amount and frequency of share repurchases or dividends;
•   regional economic and political conditions; and
•   seasonality.
for example, we, and many companies in our industry, experience adverse seasonal fluctuations in customer spending, particularly in the first quarter. in addition, while we may have backlog orders for products that have not shipped, we believe that our backlog may not be a reliable indicator of future operating results for a number of reasons, including project delays, changes in project scope and the fact that our customers may cancel purchase orders or change delivery schedules without significant penalty. furthermore, market trends, competitive pressures, commoditization of products, rebates and discounting, increased component or logistics costs, issues with product quality, regulatory impacts and other factors may result in reductions in revenue or pressure on gross margins in a given period, which may necessitate adjustments to our operations. such adjustments may be difficult or impossible to execute in the short or medium term.
as a result of these factors, as well as other variables affecting our operating results, we believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of operating results are not necessarily a good indication of what our future performance will be. in the past, our operating results have been below our guidance, our long-term financial model or the expectations of securities analysts or investors, and this may happen in the future, in which case the price of our common stock may decline and has declined in the past. such a decline could also occur, and has occurred in the past, even when we have met our publicly stated revenues and/or earnings guidance.
16
we expect our gross margins and operating margins to vary over time, and the level of gross margins and operating margins we have achieved in recent years may not be sustainable.
we expect our product and service gross margins to vary, both in the near-term and in the long-term, and the gross margins we have achieved in recent years may not be sustainable and may be adversely affected in the future by numerous factors, some of which have occurred and may occur in the future, including customer, vertical, product and geographic mix shifts, an increase or decrease in our software sales or services we provide, increased price competition in one or more of the markets in which we compete, changes in the actions of our competitors or their pricing strategies, which may be difficult to predict and respond to, modifications to our pricing strategy in order to gain footprint in certain markets or with certain customers, currency fluctuations that impact our costs or the cost of our products and services to our customers, increases in material, labor, logistics, warranty costs, or inventory carrying costs, excess product component or obsolescence charges from our contract manufacturers, issues with manufacturing or component quality or efficiencies, increased costs due to changes in component pricing or charges incurred due to inaccurately forecasting product demand, warranty related issues, or our introduction of new products and enhancements or entry into new markets with different pricing and cost structures. for example, in fiscal year 2017, our margins decreased as compared to fiscal year 2016, primarily due to lower product net revenues and product mix, resulting from the year-over-year decline in routing revenues, our customers' architectural shifts, and higher costs of certain memory components. in fiscal year 2016, our margins decreased compared to fiscal year 2015, primarily due to elevated pricing pressure and product mix. in fiscal year 2015, our margins increased compared to fiscal year 2014, as a result of higher restructuring and other charges recorded in 2014 but not in 2015, in connection with the restructuring plan we initiated in the first quarter of 2014. failure to sustain or improve our gross margins reduces our profitability and may have a material adverse effect on our business and stock price.
further, we will continue to remain diligent in our long-term financial objective to increase revenue and operating margins and manage our operating expenses as a percentage of revenue. we expect that our margins will vary with our ability to achieve these goals. we can provide no assurance that we will be able to achieve all or any of the goals of these plans or meet our announced expectations, in whole or in part, or that our plans will have the intended effect of improving our margins on the expected timeline, or at all.
a limited number of our customers comprise a material portion of our revenues and any changes in the way they purchase products and services from us could affect our business. in addition, there is an ongoing trend toward consolidation in the industry in which our customers and partners operate. any decrease in revenues from our customers or partners could have an adverse effect on our net revenues and operating results.
a material portion of our net revenues depend on sales to a limited number of customers and distribution partners, particularly in our telecom/cable and cloud verticals. changes in the business requirements or focus, vendor selection, project prioritization, financial prospects, capital resources, and expenditures, or purchasing behavior (including product mix purchased or delays in deployment) of our key customers could significantly decrease our sales to such customers or could lead to delays or cancellations of planned purchases of our products or services, which increases the risk of quarterly fluctuations in our revenues and operating results. any of these factors could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
in addition, in recent years, there has been movement towards consolidation in the telecommunications industry (for example, centurylink, inc.'s acquisition of level 3 communications, inc., and vodafone india's proposed acquisition of idea cellular ltd.) and that consolidation trend has continued. certain telecommunications companies have also announced their intent towards vertical consolidation through acquisitions of media and content companies, such as verizon's acquisition of yahoo and at&t's proposed acquisition of time warner. if our customers or partners are parties to consolidation transactions they may delay, suspend or indefinitely reduce or cancel their purchases of our products or other direct or indirect unforeseen consequences could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
17
we sell our products to customers that use those products to build networks and ip infrastructure, and if the demand for network and ip systems does not continue to grow, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.
a substantial portion of our business and revenues depends on the growth of secure ip infrastructure and on the deployment of our products by customers that depend on the continued growth of ip services. as a result of changes in the economy, capital spending or the building of network capacity in excess of demand, all of which have in the past particularly affected telecommunications service providers, spending on ip infrastructure can vary, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. in addition, a number of our existing customers are evaluating the build-out of their next generation networks. during the decision-making period when our customers are determining the design of those networks and the selection of the software and equipment they will use in those networks, such customers may greatly reduce or suspend their spending on secure ip infrastructure. for example, in the second half of 2017, our switching and routing results were adversely affected by spending delays from our largest cloud customers, who we believe are in the process of implementing a networking architectural shift. the duration of the delay is difficult to predict, in part because each cloud customer will migrate their network architecture based on their own constraints. such delays in purchases can make it more difficult to predict revenues from customers, can cause fluctuations in the level of spending by customers and, even where our products are ultimately selected, can have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
fluctuating economic conditions make it difficult to predict revenues and gross margin for a particular period and a shortfall in revenues or increase in costs of production may harm our operating results.
our revenues and gross margin depend significantly on general economic conditions and the demand for products in the markets in which we compete. economic weakness or uncertainty, customer financial difficulties, and constrained spending on network expansion and enterprise infrastructure have in the past resulted in, and may in the future result in, decreased revenues and earnings. such factors could make it difficult to accurately forecast revenues and operating results and could negatively affect our ability to provide accurate forecasts to our contract manufacturers and manage our contract manufacturer relationships and other expenses. in addition, economic instability or uncertainty, as well as continued turmoil in the geopolitical environment in many parts of the world, have, and may continue to, put pressure on economic conditions, which has led and could lead, to reduced demand for our products, to delays or reductions in network expansions or infrastructure projects, and/or higher costs of production. more generally-speaking, economic weakness may also lead to longer collection cycles for payments due from our customers, an increase in customer bad debt, restructuring initiatives and associated expenses, and impairment of investments. furthermore, instability in the global markets may adversely impact the ability of our customers to adequately fund their expected expenditures, which could lead to delays or cancellations of planned purchases of our products or services. our operating expenses are largely based on anticipated revenue trends and a high percentage of our expenses is, and will continue to be, fixed in the short and medium term. therefore, fluctuations in revenue and gross margins could cause significant variations in our operating results and operating margins from quarter to quarter. uncertainty about future economic conditions also makes it difficult to forecast operating results and to make decisions about future investments. future or continued economic weakness, failure of our customers and markets to recover from such weakness, customer financial difficulties, increases in costs of production, and reductions in spending on network maintenance and expansion could result in price concessions in certain markets or have a material adverse effect on demand for our products and consequently on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
our success depends upon our ability to effectively plan and manage our resources and restructure our business through rapidly fluctuating economic and market conditions, and such actions may have an adverse effect on our financial and operating results.
our ability to successfully offer our products and services in a rapidly evolving market requires an effective planning, forecasting, and management process to enable us to effectively scale and adjust our business and business models in response to fluctuating market opportunities and conditions.
from time to time, we have increased investment in our business by, for example, increasing headcount, acquiring companies, and increasing our investment in r&d, sales and marketing, and other parts of our business. conversely, in february 2017 we initiated the 2017 restructuring plan to realign our workforce and increase operational efficiencies. this included workforce reductions and contract terminations. as we assessed the performance of our operating results against our long-term operating goals and evaluated potential opportunities for improvement, the 2017 restructuring plan was expanded and additional restructuring charges were incurred in the fourth quarter of 2017 to further align our workforce. some of our expenses are fixed costs that cannot be rapidly or easily adjusted in response to fluctuations in our business or numbers of employees. rapid changes in the size, alignment or organization of our workforce, including sales account coverage, could adversely affect our ability to develop and deliver products and services as planned or impair our ability to realize our current or future business and financial objectives. our ability to achieve the anticipated cost savings and other benefits from our restructuring initiatives within the
18
expected time frame is subject to many estimates and assumptions. these estimates and assumptions are subject to significant economic, competitive and other uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control. if these estimates and assumptions are incorrect, if we are unsuccessful at implementing changes, or if other unforeseen events occur, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected.
we face intense competition that could reduce our revenues and adversely affect our business and financial results.
competition is intense in the markets that we serve. the routing and switching markets have historically been dominated by cisco, with competition coming from other companies such as nokia corporation (following its acquisition of alcatel-lucent), arista, hpe, and huawei. in the security market, we face intense competition from cisco and palo alto networks, as well as companies such as check point, f5 networks, and fortinet. further, a number of other small public and private companies have products or have announced plans for new products to address the same challenges and markets that our products address.
in addition, actual or speculated consolidation among competitors, or the acquisition by, or of, our partners and/or resellers by competitors can increase the competitive pressures faced by us as customers may delay spending decisions or not purchase our products at all. for example, in recent years, nokia corporation merged with alcatel-lucent, hpe acquired aruba networks, cisco acquired appdynamics, symantec corporation acquired blue coat systems, and dell acquired emc, which further consolidated our market. a number of our competitors have substantially greater resources and can offer a wider range of products and services for the overall network equipment market than we do. in addition, some of our competitors have become more integrated, including through consolidation, and offer a broader range of products and services, which could make their solutions more attractive to our customers. many of our competitors sell networking products as bundled solutions with other it products, such as computer and storage systems. if we are unable to compete successfully against existing and future competitors on the basis of product offerings or price, we could experience a loss in market share and revenues and/or be required to reduce prices, which could reduce our gross margins, and which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. our partners and resellers generally sell or resell competing products on a non-exclusive basis and consolidation could delay spending or require us to increase discounts to compete, which could also adversely affect our business.
the long sales and implementation cycles for our products, as well as our expectation that some customers will sporadically place large orders with short lead times, may cause our revenues and operating results to vary significantly from quarter-to-quarter.
a customer's decision to purchase certain of our products, particularly new products, involves a significant commitment of its resources and a lengthy evaluation and product qualification process. as a result, the sales cycle may be lengthy. in particular, customers making critical decisions regarding the design and implementation of large network deployments may engage in very lengthy procurement processes that may delay or impact expected future orders. throughout the sales cycle, we may spend considerable time educating and providing information to prospective customers regarding the use and benefits of our products. even after making the decision to purchase, customers may deploy our products slowly and deliberately. timing of deployment can vary widely and depends on the skill set of the customer, the size of the network deployment, the complexity of the customer's network environment, and the degree of hardware and operating system configuration necessary to deploy the products. customers with large networks usually expand their networks in large increments on a periodic basis. accordingly, we may receive purchase orders for significant dollar amounts on an irregular basis. these long cycles, as well as our expectation that customers will tend to sporadically place large orders with short lead times, both of which may be exacerbated by the impact of global economic weakness, may cause revenues and operating results to vary significantly and unexpectedly from quarter-to-quarter.
the timing of product orders and/or our reliance on revenue from sales of software or subscriptions and professional, support and maintenance services may cause us to recognize revenue in a different period than the one in which a transaction takes place. this may make it difficult for investors to observe quarterly trends and may cause significant variations in our operating results and operating margin on a quarterly basis.
generally, our network equipment products are stocked only in limited quantities by our distributors and resellers due to the cost, complexity and custom nature of configurations required by our customers; we generally build such products as orders are received. the volume of orders received late in any given fiscal quarter remains unpredictable. if orders for certain products are received late in any quarter, we may not be able to recognize revenue for these orders in the same period, which could adversely affect our ability to meet our expected revenues for such quarter.
in addition, services revenue accounts for a significant portion of our revenue, comprising 31%, 29%, and 27% of total revenue in fiscal year 2017, 2016, and 2015, respectively. sales of new or renewal professional services, support and maintenance contracts may decline and/or fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including end-customers' level of satisfaction with our products and services, the prices of our products and services or those offered by our competitors, and reductions in our end-customers'
19
spending levels. we recognize professional services, support and maintenance revenue periodically over the term of the relevant service period.
the introduction of new software products and services is part of our intended strategy to expand our software business, and certain software revenues may be recognized periodically over the term of the relevant use period or subscription period. as a result, certain software, subscription and support and maintenance revenue we report each fiscal quarter is the recognition of deferred revenue from contracts entered into during previous fiscal quarters. consequently, a decline in such new or renewed contracts in any one fiscal quarter will not be fully or immediately reflected in revenue in that fiscal quarter but will negatively affect our revenue in future fiscal quarters. accordingly, the effect of significant downturns in new or renewed sales of our software, subscriptions or support and maintenance is not reflected in full in our operating results until future periods. also, it is difficult for us to rapidly increase such software or services revenue through additional sales in any period, as revenue from those software, subscription and support and maintenance contracts must be recognized over the applicable period.
additionally, we determine our operating expenses largely on the basis of anticipated revenues and technology roadmap and a high percentage of our expenses are fixed in the short and medium term. as a result, a failure or delay in generating or recognizing revenue could cause significant variations in our operating results and operating margin from quarter-to-quarter.
if we do not successfully anticipate technological shifts, market needs and opportunities, and develop products, product enhancements and business strategies that meet those technological shifts, needs and opportunities, or if those products are not made available or strategies are not executed in a timely manner or do not gain market acceptance, we may not be able to compete effectively and our ability to generate revenues will suffer.
the markets for our products are characterized by rapid technological change, frequent new product introductions, changes in customer requirements, continuous pricing pressures and a constantly evolving industry. we may not be able to anticipate future technological shifts, market needs and opportunities or be able to develop new products, product enhancements or business strategies to meet such technological shifts, needs or opportunities in a timely manner or at all. for example, the move from traditional wide area network, or wan, infrastructures towards software-defined wan, or sd-wan, has been receiving considerable attention. in our view, it will take several years to see the full impact of sd-wan, and we believe the successful products and solutions in this market will combine hardware and software elements. if we fail to anticipate market requirements or opportunities or fail to develop and introduce new products, product enhancements or business strategies to meet those requirements or opportunities in a timely manner, it could cause us to lose customers, and such failure could substantially decrease or delay market acceptance and sales of our present and future products and services, which would significantly harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. in addition, if we invest time, energy and resources in developing products for a market that doesn't develop, it could likewise significantly harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. even if we are able to anticipate, develop, and commercially introduce new products, enhancements or business strategies, there can be no assurance that new products, enhancements or business strategies will achieve widespread market acceptance.
in the recent years, we have announced a number of new products and enhancements to our hardware and software products across routing, switching and security. the success of our new products depends on several factors, including, but not limited to, component costs, timely completion and introduction of these products, prompt resolution of any defects or bugs in these products, our ability to support these products, differentiation of new products from those of our competitors and market acceptance of these products.
the introduction of new software products is part of our intended strategy to expand our software business. we have also begun to disaggregate certain software from certain hardware products, such that customers would be able to purchase or license our hardware and software products independently, which we expect could in time enable our hardware to be deployed with third party networking applications and services and our software to be used with third party hardware. the success of our strategy to expand our software business, including our strategy to disaggregate software from certain hardware products, is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including:
•   the additional development efforts and costs required to create new software products and/or to make our disaggregated products compatible with multiple technologies;
•   the possibility that our new software products or disaggregated products may not achieve widespread customer adoption;
•   the potential that our strategy could erode our revenue and gross margins;
•   the impact on our financial results of longer periods of revenue recognition and changes in tax treatment associated with software sales;
20
•   the additional costs associated with regulatory compliance and changes we need to make to our distribution chain in connection with increased software sales;
•   the ability of our disaggregated hardware and software products to operate independently and/or to integrate with current and future third party products; and
•   issues with third party technologies used with our disaggregated products may be attributed to us.
if any of our new products or business strategies do not gain market acceptance or meet our expectations for growth, our ability to meet future financial targets may be adversely affected and our competitive position and our business and financial results could be harmed.
we are dependent on contract manufacturers with whom we do not have long-term supply contracts, and changes to or disruptions in those relationships or manufacturing processes, expected or unexpected, may result in delays that could cause us to lose revenues and damage our customer relationships.
we depend on independent contract manufacturers (each of which is a third-party manufacturer for numerous companies) to manufacture our products. although we have contracts with our contract manufacturers, these contracts do not require them to manufacture our products on a long-term basis in any specific quantity or at any specific price. in addition, it is time-consuming and costly to qualify and implement additional contract manufacturer relationships. therefore, if we fail to effectively manage our contract manufacturer relationships, which includes failing to provide accurate forecasts of our requirements, or if one or more of them experiences delays, disruptions, or quality control problems in our manufacturing operations, or if we had to change or add additional contract manufacturers or contract manufacturing sites, our ability to ship products to our customers could be delayed. we have experienced in the past and may experience in the future an increase in the expected time required to manufacture our products or ship products. such delays could result in supply shortfalls that damage our ability to meet customer demand for those products and could cause our customers to purchase alternative products from our competitors. also, the addition of manufacturing locations or contract manufacturers or the introduction of new products by us would increase the complexity of our supply chain management. moreover, an increasing portion of our manufacturing is performed in china and other foreign countries and is therefore subject to risks associated with doing business outside of the united states, including the possibility of import tariffs or regional conflicts. each of these factors could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
if we fail to accurately predict our manufacturing requirements, we could incur additional costs or experience manufacturing delays, which would harm our business.
we provide demand forecasts for our products to our contract manufacturers and original design manufacturers, who order components and plan capacity based on these forecasts. if we overestimate our requirements, our original design or contract manufacturers may assess charges, or we may have liabilities for excess inventory, each of which could negatively affect our gross margins. for example, in certain prior quarters, our gross margins were reduced as a result of an inventory charge resulting from inventory we held in excess of forecasted demand. in addition, some optical modules we use are experiencing faster product transitions than our other products, which increases the risk that we could have excess inventory of those modules. conversely, because lead times for required materials and components vary significantly and depend on factors such as the specific supplier, contract terms, and the demand for each component at a given time, and because our contract manufacturers are third-party manufacturers for numerous other companies, if we underestimate our requirements, as we have in certain prior quarters with respect to certain products, our contract manufacturers may have inadequate time, materials, and/or components required to produce our products, which could increase costs or delay or interrupt manufacturing of our products resulting in delays in shipments and deferral or loss of revenues and negatively impacting customer satisfaction.
system security risks, data protection breaches, and cyber-attacks could compromise our and our customers' proprietary information, disrupt our internal operations and harm public perception of our products, which could cause our business and reputation to suffer and adversely affect our stock price.
in the ordinary course of business, we store sensitive data, including intellectual property, personal data, our proprietary business information and that of our customers, suppliers and business partners on our networks. in addition, we store sensitive data through cloud-based services that may be hosted by third parties and in data center infrastructure maintained by third parties. the secure maintenance of this information is critical to our operations and business strategy. the growing cyber risk environment means that individuals, companies, and organizations of all sizes, including juniper have been and are increasingly subject to the threat of intrusions on their networks and systems by a wide range of actors on an ongoing and regular basis. despite our security measures, and those of our third-party vendors, our information technology and infrastructure has experienced breaches and may
21
be vulnerable in the future to breach or attacks by computer programmers, hackers or sophisticated nation-state and nation-state supported actors or breached due to employee error or wrongful conduct, malfeasance, or other disruptions. if any breach or attack compromises our networks, creates system disruptions or slowdowns or exploits security vulnerabilities of our products, the information stored on our networks or those of our customers could be accessed and modified, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen, and we may be subject to liability to our customers, suppliers, business partners and others, and suffer reputational and financial harm. in addition, hardware, components and operating system software and applications that we produce or procure from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture, including "bugs", vulnerabilities and other problems that could unexpectedly interfere with the operation of our networks or expose us or our products to cyber attacks. this can be true even for "legacy" products that have been determined to have reached an end of life engineering status but will continue to operate for a limited amount of time.
when vulnerabilities are discovered, we evaluate the risk, apply patches or take other remediation actions as required and notify customers and suppliers when appropriate. all of this requires significant time and attention from management and our employees.
as a result of any actual or perceived breach of network security that occurs in our network or in the network of a customer of our products, regardless of whether the breach is attributable to our products, the market perception of the effectiveness of our products and our overall reputation could be harmed. as a large, well known provider of networking products, cyber attackers may specifically target our products or attempt to imitate us or our products in order to compromise a network. because the techniques used by attackers, many of whom are highly sophisticated and well-funded, to access or sabotage networks change frequently and generally are not recognized until after they are used, we may be unable to anticipate or immediately detect these techniques or the vulnerabilities they have caused. this could impede our sales, manufacturing, distribution or other critical functions, which could have an adverse impact on our financial results. the economic costs to us to eliminate or alleviate cyber or other security problems, bugs, viruses, worms, malicious software systems and security vulnerabilities could be significant and may be difficult to anticipate or measure, because the damage may differ based on the identity and motive of the attacker, which are often difficult to pinpoint. additionally, we could be subject to regulatory investigations, potential fines and litigation in connection with a security breach or related issue and be liable to third parties for these types of breaches.
we are dependent on sole source and limited source suppliers for several key components, which makes us susceptible to shortages, quality issues or price fluctuations in our supply chain, and we may face increased challenges in supply chain management in the future.
we rely on single or limited sources of certain of our components. during periods of high demand for electronic products, component shortages are possible, and the predictability of the availability of such components may be limited. for example, some optical transceivers and memory components used in our networking solutions might experience extended lead times and higher pricing, given the demand in the market. any future spike in growth in our business, or more likely in it spending and the economy in general is likely to create greater short-term pressures on us and our suppliers to accurately forecast overall component demand and to establish optimal component inventories. if shortages or delays persist, the price of these components may increase, or the components may not be available at all. we may not be able to secure enough components at reasonable prices or of acceptable quality to build new products in a timely manner, and our revenues and gross margins could suffer until other sources can be developed. in addition, we have experienced, and from time-to-time may experience, component shortages or quality issues that resulted, or could result, in delays of product shipments and/or warranty or other claims. for example, in late 2016, we became aware of a defect in a clock-signal component from a third-party supplier that affected certain of our products and which resulted in remediation costs. as a result of this issue, we recorded a product cost of revenue charge that impacted our product gross margins for our fiscal year ended december 31, 2016 and three months ended march 31, 2017, and we may incur additional costs. we also currently purchase numerous key components, including asics and other semiconductor chips, from single or limited sources and many of our component suppliers are concentrated in china and korea. in addition, there has been consolidation among certain suppliers of our components. for example, globalfoundries acquired ibm's semiconductor manufacturing business, avago technologies limited acquired broadcom corporation, intel corporation acquired altera corporation and broadcom limited is proposing to acquire qualcomm incorporated. consolidation among suppliers can result in the reduction of the number of independent suppliers of components available to us, which could negatively impact our ability to access certain component parts or the prices we have to pay for such parts. in addition, our suppliers may determine not to continue a business relationship with us for other reasons that may be beyond our control. any disruptions to our supply chain could decrease our sales, earnings and liquidity or otherwise adversely affect our business and result in increased costs. such a disruption could occur as a result of any number of events, including, but not limited to, increases in wages that drive up prices, the imposition of regulations, quotas or embargoes on key components, labor stoppages, transportation failures affecting the supply and shipment of materials and finished goods, the unavailability of raw materials, severe weather conditions, natural disasters, civil unrest, military conflicts, geopolitical developments, war or terrorism and disruptions in utility and other services.
22
the development of alternate sources for key components is time-consuming, difficult, and costly. in addition, the lead times associated with certain components are lengthy and preclude rapid changes in quantities and delivery schedules. also, long-term supply and maintenance obligations to customers increase the duration for which specific components are required, which may further increase the risk of component shortages or the cost of carrying inventory. in the event of a component shortage or supply interruption from these suppliers, we may not be able to develop alternate or second sources in a timely manner. if we are unable to buy these components in quantities sufficient to meet our requirements on a timely basis, we will not be able to deliver products and services to our customers, which would seriously affect present and future sales, which would, in turn, adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
in addition, the development, licensing, or acquisition of new products in the future may increase the complexity of supply chain management. failure to effectively manage the supply of key components and products would adversely affect our business.
we rely on value-added and other resellers, as well as distribution partners, to sell our products, and disruptions to, or our failure to effectively develop and manage, our distribution channel and the processes and procedures that support it could adversely affect our ability to generate revenues from the sale of our products.
our future success is highly dependent upon establishing and maintaining successful relationships with a variety of value-added and other reseller and distribution partners, including our worldwide strategic partners such as ericsson, ibm, dimension data and nec corporation. the majority of our revenues are derived through value-added resellers and distributors, most of which also sell our competitors' products, and some of which sell their own competing products. our revenues depend in part on the performance of these partners. the loss of or reduction in sales to our resellers or distributors could materially reduce our revenues. for example, in 2016, nokia corporation merged with alcatel-lucent, a competitor of ours, and in 2015 cisco announced a partnership with ericsson, which is one of our existing partners. our competitors may in some cases be effective in leveraging their market share positions or in providing incentives to current or potential resellers and distributors to favor their products or to prevent or reduce sales of our products. if we fail to develop and maintain relationships with our partners, fail to develop new relationships with value-added resellers and distributors in new markets, fail to expand the number of distributors and resellers in existing markets, fail to manage, train or motivate existing value-added resellers and distributors effectively, determine that we cannot continue to do business with these partners for any reason or if these partners are not successful in their sales efforts, sales of our products may decrease, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations would suffer.
in addition, we recognize a portion of our revenues based on a sell-through model using information provided by our distributors. if those distributors provide us with inaccurate or untimely information, the amount or timing of our revenues could be adversely impacted.
we are also vulnerable to third parties who illegally distribute or sell counterfeit, stolen or unfit versions of our products, which has happened in the past and could happen in the future. such sales could have a negative impact on our reputation and business.
further, in order to develop and expand our distribution channel, we must continue to offer attractive channel programs to potential partners and scale and improve our processes and procedures that support the channel. as a result, our programs, processes and procedures may become increasingly complex and inherently difficult to manage. we have previously entered into oem agreements with partners pursuant to which they rebrand and resell our products as part of their product portfolios. these types of relationships are complex and require additional processes and procedures that may be challenging and costly to implement, maintain and manage. our failure to successfully manage and develop our distribution channel and the programs, processes and procedures that support it could adversely affect our ability to generate revenues from the sale of our products. we also depend on our global channel partners to comply with applicable legal and regulatory requirements. to the extent that they fail to do so, that could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition.
our ability to process orders and ship products in a timely manner is dependent in part on our business systems and performance of the systems and processes of third parties such as our contract manufacturers, suppliers, data center providers or other partners, as well as the interfaces between our systems and the systems of such third parties. if our systems, the systems and processes of those third parties, or the interfaces between them experience delays or fail, our business processes and our ability to build and ship products could be impacted, and our financial results could be harmed.
some of our business processes depend upon our information technology, or it, systems, the systems and processes of third parties, and the interfaces of our systems with the systems of third parties. for example, we are in the process of further consolidating our on-site data centers to the cloud and to off-site facilities that are hosted and controlled by third-parties. these cloud providers and off-site facilities are vulnerable to damage, interruption or performance problems from earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, fires, power loss, telecommunications failures, equipment failure, adverse events caused by operator error and similar events. in addition,
23
because we lease our cloud storage space and off-site data center facilities, we cannot be assured that we will be able to expand our data center infrastructure to meet user demand in a timely manner, or on favorable economic terms. if we have issues receiving and processing data, this may delay our ability to provide products and services to our customers and damage our business. we also rely upon the performance of the systems and processes of our contract manufacturers to build and ship our products. if those systems and processes experience interruption or delay, our ability to build and ship our products in a timely manner may be harmed. for example, we have experienced instances where our contract manufacturers were not able to ship products in the time periods expected by us, which prevented us from meeting our commitments to our customers. if we are not able to ship our products or if product shipments are delayed, our ability to recognize revenue in a timely manner for those products would be affected and our financial results could be harmed.
integration of acquisitions could disrupt our business and harm our financial condition and stock price and may dilute the ownership of our stockholders.
we have made, and may continue to make, acquisitions in order to enhance our business. for example, in 2017 we acquired cyphort inc. and in 2016, we acquired appformix inc., aurrion, inc. and bti systems inc. acquisitions involve numerous risks, including, but not limited to, problems combining the purchased operations, technologies or products, unanticipated costs and liabilities, diversion of management's attention from our core businesses, adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers, risks associated with entering markets in which we have no or limited prior experience, and potential loss of key employees. there can be no assurance that we will be able to integrate successfully any businesses, products, technologies, or personnel that we might acquire. the integration of businesses that we may acquire is likely to be a complex, time-consuming, and expensive process and we may not realize the anticipated revenues or other benefits associated with our acquisitions if we fail to successfully manage and operate the acquired business. if we fail in any acquisition integration efforts and are unable to efficiently operate as a combined organization utilizing common information and communication systems, operating procedures, financial controls, and human resources practices, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected.
in connection with certain acquisitions, we may agree to issue common stock or assume equity awards that dilute the ownership of our current stockholders, use a substantial portion of our cash resources, assume liabilities, record goodwill and amortizable intangible assets that will be subject to impairment testing on a regular basis and potential periodic impairment charges, incur amortization expenses related to certain intangible assets, and incur large and immediate write-offs and restructuring and other related expenses, all of which could harm our financial condition and results of operations.
telecommunications, cable and cloud service provider companies and our other large customers generally require onerous terms and conditions in our contracts with them. as we seek to sell more products to such customers, we may be required to agree to terms and conditions that could have an adverse effect on our business or ability to recognize revenues.
telecommunications, cable and cloud service provider companies, which comprise a significant portion of our customer base, and other large companies, generally have greater purchasing power than smaller entities and, accordingly, often request and receive more favorable terms from suppliers. for example, our customers france telecom-orange and deutsche telekom ag have formed a company for the purpose of purchasing products from, and negotiating more favorable contractual terms with, suppliers. as we seek to sell more products to this class of customer, we may be required to agree to such terms and conditions, which may include terms that affect the timing of our ability to recognize revenue, increase our costs and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. consolidation among such large customers can further increase their buying power and ability to require onerous terms.
in addition, service providers have purchased products from other vendors who promised but failed to deliver certain functionality and/or had products that caused problems or outages in the networks of these customers. as a result, these customers may request additional features from us and require substantial penalties for failure to deliver such features or may require substantial penalties for any network outages that may be caused by our products. these additional requests and penalties, if we are required to agree to them, may require us to defer revenue recognition from such sales, which may negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, increased patent litigation brought against customers by non-practicing entities in recent years, may result, and in some cases has resulted, in customers requesting or requiring vendors to absorb a portion of the costs of such litigation or providing broader indemnification for litigation, each of which could increase our expenses and negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
24
we are a party to lawsuits, investigations, proceedings, and other disputes, which are costly to defend and, if determined adversely to us, could require us to pay fines or damages, undertake remedial measures or prevent us from taking certain actions, any or all of which could harm our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
we, and certain of our current and former officers and current and former members of our board of directors, have been or are subject to various lawsuits. we have been served with lawsuits related to employment matters, commercial transactions and patent infringement, as well as securities laws. as noted in note 16, commitments and contingencies, in notes to consolidated financial statements of this report, under the heading of "legal proceedings", the u.s. securities and exchange commission, or the sec, is conducting, and the u.s. department of justice, or the doj, was previously conducting, investigations into possible violations by the company of the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, or the fcpa, in a number of countries. the investigations relate to certain of the company's marketing practices and whether the company or any third party on behalf of the company gave anything of value to any government official in violation of the fcpa. the company's audit committee, with the assistance of independent advisors, has been investigating and conducting a thorough review of possible violations of the fcpa, and has made recommendations for remedial measures, including employee disciplinary actions in foreign jurisdictions, which the company has implemented and continues to implement. litigation and investigations are inherently uncertain. we therefore cannot predict the duration, scope, outcome or consequences of litigation and government investigations. in connection with any government investigations, including those in which we are currently involved as described above, if the government takes action against us or we agree to settle the matter, we may be required to pay substantial fines and incur other sanctions, which may be material, and suffer reputational harm. the lawsuits and investigations are expensive and time-consuming to defend, settle, and/or resolve, and may require us to implement certain remedial measures that could prove costly or disruptive to our business and operations. the unfavorable resolution of one or more of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
we are a party to litigation and claims regarding intellectual property rights, resolution of which may be time-consuming and expensive, as well as require a significant amount of resources to prosecute, defend, or make our products non-infringing.
our industry is characterized by the existence of a large number of patents and frequent claims and related litigation regarding patent and other intellectual property rights. we expect that infringement claims may increase as the number of products and competitors in our market increases and overlaps occur. third parties have asserted and may in the future assert claims or initiate litigation related to patent, copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property rights to technologies and related standards that are relevant to our products. the asserted claims and/or initiated litigation may include claims against us or our manufacturers, suppliers, partners, or customers, alleging that our products or services infringe proprietary rights. in addition, increased patent litigation brought by non-practicing entities in recent years may result, and in some cases has resulted, in our customers requesting or requiring us to absorb a portion of the costs of such litigation or providing broader indemnification for litigation, each of which could increase our expenses and negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. regardless of the merit of these claims, they have been and can be time-consuming, result in costly litigation, and may require us to develop non-infringing technologies, enter into license agreements, or cease engaging in certain activities or offering certain products or services. furthermore, because of the potential for high awards of damages or injunctive relief that are not necessarily predictable, even arguably unmeritorious claims may be settled for significant amounts of money. if any infringement or other intellectual property claim made against us or anyone we are required to indemnify by any third-party is successful, if we are required to settle litigation for significant amounts of money, if we fail to develop non-infringing technology, if we incorporate infringing technology in our products or if we license required proprietary rights at material expense, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
regulation of our industry in general and the telecommunications industry in particular could harm our operating results and future prospects.
we are subject to laws and regulations affecting the sale of our products in a number of areas. for example, some governments have regulations prohibiting government entities from purchasing security products that do not meet specified indigenous certification criteria, even though those criteria may be in conflict with accepted international standards. other regulations that may negatively impact our business include country of origin regulations. these types of regulations are in effect or under consideration in several jurisdictions where we do business.
the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act includes disclosure requirements applicable to public companies regarding the use of "conflict minerals" mined from the democratic republic of congo and adjoining countries, which we refer to collectively as the drc, and procedures regarding a manufacturer's efforts to prevent the sourcing of such "conflict minerals." these minerals are present in our products. in addition, the european union reached agreement in late 2016 on a eu-wide conflict minerals rule under which most eu importers of tin, tungsten, tantalum, gold and their ores will have to conduct due diligence to
25
ensure the minerals do not originate from conflict zones and do not fund armed conflicts. large manufacturers also will have to disclose how they plan to monitor their sources to comply with the rules. the regulation was adopted in 2017 with compliance required by 2021.
in addition, environmental laws and regulations relevant to electronic equipment manufacturing or operations, including laws and regulations governing the hazardous material content of our products and laws relating to the collection of and recycling of electrical and electronic equipment, may adversely impact our business and financial condition. these laws and regulations include, among others, the european union, or eu, restriction on the use of certain hazardous substances in electrical and electronic equipment directive, or rohs. the eu rohs and the similar laws of other jurisdictions limit the content of certain hazardous materials, such as lead, mercury, and cadmium, in electronic equipment, including our products. currently, our products comply with the eu rohs requirements. however, certain exemptions are scheduled to lapse, or have lapsed. the lapse of any exemption, further changes to this or other laws, or passage of similar laws in the eu or other jurisdictions, would require us to cease selling non-compliant products in the eu and to reengineer our products to use components compatible with these regulations. this reengineering and component substitution could result in additional costs to us, disrupt our operations or logistics, and result in an adverse impact on our operating results. in addition, in validating the compliance of our products with applicable hazardous materials restrictions, we rely substantially on affirmations by our component suppliers as to the compliance of their products with respect to those same restrictions. failure by our component suppliers to furnish accurate and timely information could subject us to penalties or liability for violation of such hazardous materials restrictions, interrupt our supply of products to the eu, and result in our customers refusing or being unable to purchase our products. additionally, the eu and a number of other countries have adopted regulations requiring producers of electrical and electronic equipment to assume certain responsibilities for collecting, treating, recycling and disposing of products when they have reached the end of their useful life. finally, the eu reach regulations regulate the handling of certain chemical substances that may be used in our products.
in addition, as a contractor and subcontractor to u.s. government departments and agencies, we are subject to federal regulations pertaining to our it systems. for instance, as a subcontractor to the u.s. department of defense, or dod, the defense federal acquisition regulation supplement (dfars) required that our it systems comply with the security and privacy controls described in national institute of standards and technology special publication 800-171, or nist sp 800-171 no later than december 31, 2017. the dfars also requires that we flow the security control requirement down to certain of our own subcontractors. failure to comply with these requirements could result in a loss of federal government business, subject us to claims or other remedies for non-compliance and negatively impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
the telecommunications industry is highly regulated, and our business and financial condition could be adversely affected by changes in regulations relating to the internet telecommunications industry. currently, there are few laws or regulations that apply directly to access to or commerce on ip networks, but future regulations could include sales taxes on products sold via the internet and internet service provider access charges. we could be adversely affected by regulation of ip networks and commerce in any country where we market equipment and services to service providers or cloud provider companies. regulations governing the range of services and business models that can be offered by service providers or cloud provider companies could adversely affect those customers' needs for products. for instance, in december 2017, the u.s. federal communications commission repealed its 2015 regulations governing aspects of fixed broadband networks and wireless networks. this change in regulatory treatment of networks might impact service provider and cloud provider business models and, as such, providers' needs for internet telecommunications equipment and services. also, many jurisdictions are evaluating or implementing regulations relating to cyber security, supply chain integrity, privacy and data protection, any of which can affect the market and requirements for networking and security equipment.
the adoption and implementation of additional regulations could reduce demand for our products, increase the cost of building and selling our products, result in product inventory write-offs, impact our ability to ship products into affected areas and recognize revenue in a timely manner, require us to spend significant time and expense to comply, and subject us to fines and civil or criminal sanctions or claims if we were to violate or become liable under such regulations. any of these impacts could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
26
governmental regulations and economic sanctions affecting the import or export of products generally or affecting products containing encryption capabilities could negatively affect our revenues and operating results.
the united states and various foreign governments have imposed controls and restrictions on the import or export of, among other things, products that contain or use encryption technology. most of our products contain or use encryption technology and, consequently, are subject to such controls, requirements and restrictions. certain governments also control importation and in-country use of encryption items and technology. the scope, nature and severity of such controls vary widely across different countries and may change frequently over time. for example, china has promulgated cybersecurity regulations and published a new draft export law affecting networking products that may impair our ability to profitably market and sell our products in china. certain countries' encryption control regimes may significantly limit our ability to sell major lines of our products in those countries.
certain governments also impose special local content, certification, testing, source code review, escrow and governmental recovery of private encryption keys, or feature requirements on network equipment for purposes of government procurements. similar requirements may also be imposed in procurements by state owned entities ("soe's"). our ability to sell into substantial government and soe markets (whether or not the products we sell include encryption) is vulnerable to changes in applicable government procurement regulations, any associated local content requirements and changes in the government's interpretation of such regulations. in addition, the u.s. government has broader sanctions and embargoes that generally forbid supply of most items to or involving certain countries, territories, governments, legal entities and individuals, including restrictions imposed by the u.s. and eu on exports to russia and ukraine. we have implemented systems to detect and prevent sales into these countries or to prohibited entities or individuals, but there can be no assurance that they will always be effective.
governmental regulation of encryption or ip networking technology and regulation of imports or exports, or our failure to obtain required import or export approval for our products, or related economic sanctions could harm our international and domestic sales and adversely affect our revenues and operating results. in addition, failure to comply with such regulations could result in harm to our reputation and ability to compete in international markets, penalties, costs, seizure of assets (including source code) and restrictions on import or export privileges or adversely affect sales to government agencies or government-funded projects.
our actual or perceived failure to adequately protect personal data could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
a variety of state, national, foreign, and international laws and regulations apply to the collection, use, retention, protection, disclosure, transfer, and other processing of personal data. these privacy- and data protection-related laws and regulations are evolving, with new or modified laws and regulations proposed and implemented frequently and existing laws and regulations subject to new or different interpretations. compliance with these laws and regulations can be costly and can delay or impede the development and offering of new products and services.
for example, we previously relied upon adherence to the u.s. department of commerce's safe harbor privacy principles and compliance with the u.s.-eu safe harbor framework, which we refer to as the safe harbor, agreed to by the u.s. department of commerce and the eu. the safe harbor, which established means for legitimizing the transfer of personal data by u.s. companies from the european economic area, or eea, to the u.s., was invalidated in 2015 by a decision of the european court of justice, or the ecj. now that the eu and u.s. have implemented a successor privacy framework called the privacy shield, we are reviewing and documenting our practices required to obtain certification under the privacy shield, in addition to entering into eu model contracts with our vendors where appropriate and feasible in anticipation of the possibility that either the privacy shield or eu model contracts may be legally challenged or voided like safe harbor in an uncertain political environment. in addition, the eu general data protection regulation, which goes into full effect in may 2018, is expected to result in substantial changes to our compliance obligations, including contractual requirements for data transfers outside the eea, and a significant increase in potential administrative fines for non-compliance. similarly, the june 2016 approval by voters in the united kingdom, or u.k., of a referendum to leave the eu could require us to make additional changes to the way we conduct our business and transmit data between the u.s., u.k., eu and the rest of the world.
our actual or alleged failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations, or to protect personal data, could result in enforcement actions, significant penalties or other legal action against us or our customers or suppliers, which could result in negative publicity, increase our operating costs, subject us to claims or other remedies and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
27
our ability to develop, market, and sell products could be harmed if we are unable to retain or hire key personnel.
our future success depends upon our ability to recruit and retain the services of executive, engineering, sales and marketing, and support personnel. the supply of highly qualified individuals, in particular engineers in very specialized technical areas, or sales people with specialized industry expertise, is limited and competition for such individuals is intense. none of our officers or key employees is bound by an employment agreement for any specific term. the loss of the services of any of our key employees, the inability to attract or retain personnel in the future or delays in hiring required personnel, engineers and sales people, and the complexity and time involved in replacing or training new employees, could delay the development and introduction of new products, and negatively impact our ability to market, sell, or support our products.
a number of our team members are foreign nationals who rely on visas and entry permits in order to legally work in the united states and other countries.  in recent years, the united states has increased the level of scrutiny in granting h-1(b), l-1 and other business visas.  in addition, the current u.s. administration has indicated that immigration reform is a priority. compliance with united states immigration and labor laws could require us to incur additional unexpected labor costs and expenses or could restrain our ability to retain skilled professionals.  any of these restrictions could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial conditions.
our financial condition and results of operations could suffer if there is an impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets with indefinite lives.
we are required to test intangible assets with indefinite lives, including goodwill, annually or more frequently if certain circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit and intangible assets below their carrying values. as of december 31, 2017, our goodwill was $3,096.2 million and intangible assets with indefinite lives was $49.0 million. when the carrying value of a reporting unit's goodwill exceeds its implied fair value of goodwill, or if the carrying amount of an intangible asset with an indefinite life exceeds its fair value, a charge to operations is recorded. either event would result in incremental expenses for that quarter, which would reduce any earnings or increase any loss for the period in which the impairment was determined to have occurred.
in the past, we recorded a goodwill impairment charge of $850.0 million due to the underperformance of our security reporting unit and product rationalizations.
from time to time, economic weakness has contributed to extreme price and volume fluctuations in global stock markets that have reduced the market price of many technology company stocks, including ours. declines in our level of revenues or declines in our operating margins, or sustained declines in our stock price, increase the risk that goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives may become impaired in future periods.
during the three months ended june 30, 2017, we concluded that there were sufficient indicators to require us to perform an interim goodwill impairment analysis on our security reporting unit. based on our analysis, we determined that our security reporting unit's goodwill was not impaired. however, our goodwill impairment analysis is sensitive to changes in key assumptions used in our analysis, such as expected future cash flows, the degree of volatility in equity and debt markets, and our stock price. if the assumptions used in our analysis are not realized, it is possible that an impairment charge may need to be recorded in the future. we cannot accurately predict the amount and timing of any impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets. however, any such impairment would have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
changes in effective tax rates or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our income or other tax returns could adversely affect our results.
our future effective tax rates could be subject to volatility or adversely affected by the following: earnings being lower than anticipated in countries where we have lower statutory rates and higher than anticipated earnings in countries where we have higher statutory rates; changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities; expiration of, or lapses in, the r&d tax credit laws applicable to us; transfer pricing adjustments related to certain acquisitions, including the license of acquired intangibles under our intercompany r&d cost sharing arrangement; costs related to intercompany restructuring; tax effects of share-based compensation; challenges to our methodologies for valuing developed technology or intercompany arrangements; limitations on the deductibility of net interest expense; or changes in tax laws, regulations, accounting principles, or interpretations thereof. the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 (the "tax act"), which was signed into law on december 22, 2017, makes significant changes to the taxation of u.s. business entities that will have a meaningful impact to our provision for income taxes. these changes include a reduction to the federal corporate income tax rate, the current taxation of certain foreign earnings, the imposition of base-erosion prevention measures which may limit the deduction of certain transfer pricing payments, and possible limitations on the deductibility of net interest expense or corporate debt obligations. accounting for the income tax effects of the tax act requires significant
28
judgements and estimates that are based on current interpretations of the tax act and could be affected by changing interpretations of the act, as well as additional legislation and guidance around the act. any refinements to these provisional estimates are difficult to predict and could impact our results.
furthermore, on october 5, 2015, the organisation for economic co-operation and development, or oecd, an international association of 35 countries including the u.s., published final proposals under its base erosion and profit shifting, or beps, action plan. the beps action plan includes fifteen actions to address beps in a comprehensive manner and represents a significant change to the international corporate tax landscape. these proposals, as adopted by countries, may increase tax uncertainty and adversely affect our provision for income taxes. in addition, we are subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by the internal revenue service, or irs, and other tax authorities. it is possible that tax authorities may disagree with certain positions we have taken and any adverse outcome of such a review or audit could have a negative effect on our financial position and operating results. we regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes, but the determination of our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities requires significant judgment by management, and there are transactions where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. although we believe that our estimates are reasonable, the ultimate tax outcome may differ from the amounts recorded in our consolidated financial statements and may materially affect our financial results in the period or periods for which such determination is made. there can be no assurance that the outcomes from continuous examinations will not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
we may face difficulties enforcing our proprietary rights, which could adversely affect our ability to compete.
we generally rely on a combination of patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secret laws and contractual restrictions on disclosure of confidential and proprietary information, to establish and maintain proprietary rights in our technology and products. although we have been issued numerous patents and other patent applications are currently pending, there can be no assurance that any of our patent applications will result in issued patents or that any of our patents or other proprietary rights will not be challenged, invalidated, infringed or circumvented or that our rights will, in fact, provide competitive advantages to us or protect our technology, any of which could result in costly product redesign efforts, discontinuance of certain product offerings and other competitive harm.
in addition, despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our products or obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. we generally enter into confidentiality or license agreements with our employees, consultants, vendors, and customers, and generally limit access to and distribution of our proprietary information. however, we cannot assure you that we have entered into such agreements with all parties who may have or have had access to our confidential information or that the agreements we have entered into will not be breached. we cannot guarantee that any of the measures we have taken will prevent misappropriation of our technology.
furthermore, the laws of some foreign countries may not protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as do the laws of the united states. the outcome of any actions taken in these foreign countries may be different than if such actions were determined under the laws of the united states. although we are not dependent on any individual patents or group of patents for particular segments of the business for which we compete, if we are unable to protect our proprietary rights in a market, we may find ourselves at a competitive disadvantage to others who need not incur the substantial expense, time, and effort required to create innovative products that have enabled our success.
we are subject to risks arising from our international operations, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
we derive a substantial portion of our revenues from our international operations, and we plan to continue expanding our business in international markets. we conduct significant sales and customer support operations directly and indirectly through our distributors and vars in countries throughout the world and depend on the operations of our contract manufacturers and suppliers that are located outside of the united states. in addition, a portion of our r&d and our general and administrative operations are conducted outside the united states. in some countries, we may experience reduced intellectual property protection.
as a result of our international operations, we are affected by economic, business regulatory, social, and political conditions in foreign countries, including the following:
•   changes in general it spending,
•   the imposition of government controls, inclusive of critical infrastructure protection;
29
•   changes or limitations in trade protection laws or other regulatory requirements, which may affect our ability to import or export our products from various countries;
•   laws that restrict sales of products developed or manufactured outside of the country;
•   varying and potentially conflicting laws and regulations;
•   fluctuations in local economies;
•   wage inflation or a tightening of the labor market;
•   tax policies that could have a business impact;
•   potential import tariffs imposed by the united states and the possibility of reciprocal tariffs by foreign countries;
•   data privacy rules and other regulations that affect cross border data flow; and
•   the impact of the following on customer spending patterns: political considerations, unfavorable changes in tax treaties or laws, natural disasters, epidemic disease, labor unrest, earnings expatriation restrictions, misappropriation of intellectual property, military actions, acts of terrorism, political and social unrest and difficulties in staffing and managing international operations.
any or all of these factors could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
in addition, the june 2016 approval by voters in the u.k. of a referendum to leave the eu and the u.k.'s formal initiation of the exit process in march 2017, commonly referred to as brexit, has caused, and may continue to cause, uncertainty in the global markets. the u.k.'s exit from the eu, if implemented, will take some period of time to complete and could result in regulatory changes that impact our business. for example, changes to the way service providers conduct business and transmit data between the u.k. and the eu could require us to make changes to the way we handle customer data. we will also review the impact of any resulting changes to eu or u.k. law that could affect our operations, such as labor policies, financial planning, product manufacturing, and product distribution. political and regulatory responses to the vote are still developing and we are in the process of assessing the impact the vote may have on our business as more information becomes available. nevertheless, because we conduct business in the eu, including the u.k., any of the effects of brexit, including those we cannot anticipate, could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition and cash flows.
moreover, local laws and customs in many countries differ significantly from or conflict with those in the united states or in other countries in which we operate. in many foreign countries, it is common for others to engage in business practices that are prohibited by our internal policies and procedures or u.s. regulations applicable to us. there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, channel partners, and agents will not take actions in violation of our policies and procedures, which are designed to ensure compliance with u.s. and foreign laws and policies. violations of laws or key control policies by our employees, contractors, channel partners, or agents could result in termination of our relationship, financial reporting problems, fines, and/or penalties for us, or prohibition on the importation or exportation of our products, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our products are highly technical and if they contain undetected defects, errors or malware or do not meet customer quality expectations, our business could be adversely affected, and we may be subject to additional costs or lawsuits or be required to pay damages in connection with any alleged or actual failure of our products and services.
our products are highly technical and complex, are critical to the operation of many networks, and, in the case of our security products, provide and monitor network security and may protect valuable information. our products have contained and may contain one or more undetected errors, defects, malware, or security vulnerabilities. these errors may arise from hardware or software we produce or procure from third parties. some errors in our products may only be discovered after a product has been installed and used by end-customers. for example, in december 2015, we disclosed that we identified unauthorized code in screenos that could allow a knowledgeable attacker to gain administrative access to netscreen devices and to decrypt vpn connections.
any errors, defects, malware or security vulnerabilities discovered in our products after commercial release could result in monetary penalties, negative publicity, loss of revenues or delay in revenue recognition, loss of customers, loss of future business and
30
reputation, penalties, and increased service and warranty cost, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. in addition, in the event an error, defect, malware, or vulnerability is attributable to a component supplied by a third-party vendor, we may not be able to recover from the vendor all of the costs of remediation that we may incur. in addition, we could face claims for product liability, tort, or breach of warranty or indemnification. defending a lawsuit, regardless of its merit, is costly and may divert management's attention. if our business liability insurance coverage is inadequate, or future coverage is unavailable on acceptable terms or at all, our financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. moreover, if our products fail to satisfy our customers' quality expectations for whatever reason, the perception of and the demand for our products could be adversely affected.
we are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations.
because a substantial portion of our business is conducted outside the united states, we face exposure to adverse movements in non-u.s. currency exchange rates. these exposures may change over time as business practices evolve and could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
the majority of our revenues and expenses are transacted in u.s. dollars. we also have some transactions that are denominated in foreign currencies, primarily the british pound, chinese yuan, euro, and indian rupee related to our sales and service operations outside of the united states. an increase in the value of the u.s. dollar could increase the real cost to our customers of our products in those markets outside the united states in which we sell in u.s. dollars. this could negatively affect our ability to meet our customers' pricing expectations in those markets and may result in erosion of gross margin and market share. a weakened u.s. dollar could increase the cost of local operating expenses and procurement of raw materials to the extent we must purchase components in foreign currencies.
currently, we hedge currency exposures associated with certain assets and liabilities denominated in nonfunctional currencies and periodically hedge anticipated foreign currency cash flows, with the aim of offsetting the impact of currency fluctuations on these exposures. however, hedge activities can be costly, and hedging cannot fully offset all risks, including long-term declines or appreciation in the value of the u.s. dollar. if our attempts to hedge against these risks are not successful, or if long-term declines or appreciation in the value of the u.s. dollar persist, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely impacted.
a portion of the transaction consideration we received from the divestiture of our junos pulse product portfolio is in the form of a non-contingent seller promissory note and we may not receive the amount owed to us (including accrued interest), including in the time frame contemplated, by the buyer under the note.
in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014, we completed the sale of our junos pulse product portfolio to an affiliate of siris capital, a private equity firm, for total consideration of $230.7 million, of which $125.0 million was in the form of an 18-month non-contingent interest-bearing promissory note issued to the company. on october 2, 2015, we and the issuer of the promissory note agreed to modify the original terms of the note to extend the maturity date from april 1, 2016 to december 31, 2018. on may 1, 2017, we received a principal payment in the amount of $75.0 million and outstanding interest on the note and we and the issuer agreed to further amend the terms of the note with respect to the remaining approximately $58.0 million to, among other things, extend the maturity date from december 31, 2018 to september 30, 2022, provide that interest due can be paid in kind by increasing the outstanding principal amount of the note and subordinate the note to other debt issued by senior lenders. since a portion of the transaction consideration is in the form of a non-contingent seller promissory note and the note is subordinated to debt issued by senior lenders, there is the risk that we may not receive the amount owed to us (including accrued interest), including in the time frame contemplated, under the note. in the event that the promissory note is not repaid on the terms we contemplate, any collection or restructuring efforts we undertake may be costly and require significant time and attention from our management and there is no guarantee that we will be able to recover the amounts owed to us in full.
if we fail to adequately evolve our financial and managerial control and reporting systems and processes, our ability to manage and grow our business will be negatively affected.
our ability to successfully offer our products and implement our business plan in a rapidly evolving market depends upon an effective planning and management process. we will need to continue to improve our financial and managerial control and our reporting systems and procedures in order to manage our business effectively in the future. if we fail to effectively improve our systems and processes or we fail to monitor and ensure that these systems and processes are being used correctly, our ability to manage our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be negatively affected.
31
if our products do not interoperate with our customers' networks, installations will be delayed or cancelled and could harm our business.
our products are designed to interface with our customers' existing networks, each of which have different specifications and utilize multiple protocol standards and products from other vendors. many of our customers' networks contain multiple generations of products that have been added over time as these networks have grown and evolved. our products must interoperate with many or all of the products within these networks as well as future products in order to meet our customers' requirements. if we find errors in the existing software or defects in the hardware used in our customers' networks, we may need to modify our software or hardware to fix or overcome these errors so that our products will interoperate and scale with the existing software and hardware, which could be costly and could negatively affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. in addition, if our products do not interoperate with those of our customers' networks, demand for our products could be adversely affected or orders for our products could be cancelled. this could hurt our operating results, damage our reputation, and seriously harm our business and prospects.
our products incorporate and rely upon licensed third-party technology, and if licenses of third-party technology do not continue to be available to us or are not available on terms acceptable to us, our revenues and ability to develop and introduce new products could be adversely affected.
we integrate licensed third-party technology into certain of our products. from time to time, we may be required to renegotiate our current third party licenses or license additional technology from third-parties to develop new products or product enhancements or to facilitate new business models. third-party licenses may not be available or continue to be available to us on commercially reasonable terms. the failure to comply with the terms of any license, including free open source software, may result in our inability to continue to use such license. some of our agreements with our licensors may be terminated for convenience by them. in addition, we cannot be certain that our licensors are not infringing the intellectual property rights of third parties or that our licensors have sufficient rights to the licensed intellectual property in all jurisdictions in which we may sell our products. third party technology we incorporate into our products that is deemed to infringe on the intellectual property of others may result, and in some cases has resulted, in limitations on our ability to source technology from those third parties, restrictions on our ability to sell products that incorporate the infringing technology, increased exposure to liability that we will be held responsible for incorporating the infringing technology in our products and increased costs involved in removing that technology from our products or developing substitute technology. our inability to maintain or re-license any third-party licenses required in our products or our inability to obtain third-party licenses necessary to develop new products and product enhancements, could require us, if possible, to develop substitute technology or obtain substitute technology of lower quality or performance standards or at a greater cost, any of which could delay or prevent product shipment and harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
we are required to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and publicly disclose material weaknesses in our controls. any adverse results from such evaluation may adversely affect investor perception, and our stock price.
section 404 of the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002 requires our management to assess the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and to disclose in our filing if such controls were unable to provide assurance that a material error would be prevented or detected in a timely manner. we have an ongoing program to review the design of our internal controls framework in keeping with changes in business needs, implement necessary changes to our controls design and test the system and process controls necessary to comply with these requirements. if in the future, our internal controls over financial reporting are determined to be not effective resulting in a material weakness or significant deficiency, investor perceptions regarding the reliability of our financial statements may be adversely affected which could cause a decline in the market price of our stock and otherwise negatively affect our liquidity and financial condition.
failure to maintain our credit ratings could adversely affect our cost of funds and related margins, liquidity, competitive position and access to capital markets.
the major credit rating agencies routinely evaluate our indebtedness. this evaluation is based on a number of factors, which include financial strength as well as transparency with rating agencies and timeliness of financial reporting. there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our credit ratings and failure to do so could adversely affect our cost of funds and related margins, liquidity, competitive position and access to capital markets.
32
we may be unable to generate the cash flow to satisfy our expenses, make anticipated capital expenditures or service our debt obligations, including the notes and the revolving credit facility.
as of december 31, 2017, we have issued $2,150.0 million in aggregate principal amount of senior notes, which we refer to collectively as the notes, and had $2,136.3 million in outstanding long-term debt (see discussion in note 10, debt and financing, in the notes to consolidated financial statements of this report). in june 2014, we entered into a credit agreement with certain institutional lenders that provides for a five year $500.0 million unsecured revolving credit facility, which we refer to as the revolving credit facility, with an option to increase the revolving credit facility by up to an additional $200.0 million. the credit agreement will terminate in june 2019, at which point all amounts borrowed must be repaid. as of december 31, 2017, no amounts were outstanding under the credit agreement.
we may not be able to generate sufficient cash flow to enable us to satisfy our expenses, make anticipated capital expenditures or service our indebtedness, including the notes and the revolving credit facility (if drawn upon). our ability to pay our expenses, satisfy our debt obligations, refinance our debt obligations and fund planned capital expenditures will depend on our future performance, which will be affected by general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors beyond our control. based upon current levels of operations, we believe cash flow from operations and available cash will be adequate for at least the next twelve months to meet our anticipated requirements for working capital, capital expenditures and scheduled payments of principal and interest on our indebtedness, including the notes and the revolving credit facility (if drawn upon). however, if we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations or to borrow sufficient funds in the future to service our debt, we may be required to sell assets, reduce capital expenditures, refinance all or a portion of our existing debt (including the notes) or obtain additional financing. there is no assurance that we will be able to refinance our debt, sell assets or borrow more money on terms acceptable to us, or at all.
the indentures that govern the notes contain various covenants that limit our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to, among other things:
•   incur liens;
•   incur sale and leaseback transactions; and
•   consolidate or merge with or into, or sell substantially all of our assets to, another person.
the credit agreement contains two financial covenants along with customary affirmative and negative covenants that include the following:
•   maintenance of a leverage ratio no greater than 3.0x and an interest coverage ratio no less than 3.0x
•   covenants that limit or restrict the ability of the company and its subsidiaries to, among other things, grant liens, merge or consolidate, dispose of all or substantially all of its assets, change their accounting or reporting policies, change their business and incur subsidiary indebtedness, in each case subject to customary exceptions for a credit facility of this size and type.
as a result of these covenants, we are limited in the manner in which we can conduct our business, and we may be unable to engage in favorable business activities or finance future operations or capital needs. accordingly, these restrictions may limit our ability to successfully operate our business. a failure to comply with these restrictions could lead to an event of default, which could result in an acceleration of the indebtedness. our future operating results may not be sufficient to enable compliance with these covenants to remedy any such default. in addition, in the event of an acceleration, we may not have or be able to obtain sufficient funds to make any accelerated payments, including those under the notes, and the revolving credit facility (if drawn upon).
in addition, certain changes under the tax act may result in limitations on the deductibility of our net business interest expenses. beginning in 2018, the tax act generally limits the annual deduction for net business interest expense to an amount equal to 30% of adjusted taxable income. as a result, if our taxable income were to decline, we may not be able to fully deduct our net interest expense. these changes, among others under the tax act, could result in increases to our future u.s. tax expenses, which could have a material impact on our business.
33
our failure to pay quarterly dividends to our stockholders or the failure to meet our commitments to return capital to our stockholders could have a material adverse effect on our stock price.
our ability to pay quarterly dividends or achieve our intended capital return policy will be subject to, among other things, our financial position and results of operations, available cash and cash flow, capital and debt service requirements, use of cash for acquisitions and other factors. any failure to pay or increase future dividends as announced, or a reduction or discontinuation of quarterly dividends could have a material adverse effect on our stock price.
we announced that, beginning in 2017, we intend to target a capital return policy, inclusive of share repurchases and dividends, of approximately 50% of annual free cash flow. free cash flow is calculated as net cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditures. in january 2018, we announced that our board of directors approved a new $2 billion buyback authorization, which replaced our prior authorization. in february 2018, as a part of our new buyback authorization, we entered into a $750 million accelerated share repurchase program. in addition, our board of directors declared an increase to our quarterly cash dividend to $0.18 per share, which reflects an increase of 80% compared to previous quarterly dividends. any failure to meet our commitments to return capital to our stockholders could have a material adverse effect on our stock price.
the investment of our cash balance and our investments in government and corporate debt securities are subject to risks, which may cause losses and affect the liquidity of these investments.
at december 31, 2017, we had $2,006.5 million in cash and cash equivalents and $2,014.5 million in short- and long-term investments. we have invested these amounts primarily in asset-backed securities, certificates of deposit, commercial paper, corporate debt securities, foreign government debt securities, money market funds, mutual funds, publicly-traded equity securities, time deposits, u.s. government agency securities, and u.s. government securities. certain of these investments are subject to general credit, liquidity, market, sovereign debt, and interest rate risks. our future investment income may fall short of expectations due to changes in interest rates or if the decline in fair value of our publicly traded debt or equity investments is judged to be other-than-temporary. these market risks associated with our investment portfolio may have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations.
our amended and restated bylaws provide that the court of chancery of the state of delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders' ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees.
our amended and restated bylaws provide that, unless we consent to the selection of an alternative forum, the court of chancery of the state of delaware (or if the court of chancery does not have jurisdiction, the u.s. district court for the district of delaware) is the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of fiduciary duty owed by any of our current or former directors, officers, or other employees to us or to our stockholders; (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to the delaware general corporation law, our restated certificate of incorporation, or our bylaws; (iv) any action or proceeding asserting a claim as to which delaware general corporation law confers jurisdiction on the court of chancery or (v) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. the exclusive forum provisions in our bylaws may limit a stockholder's ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our current or former directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our current or former directors, officers, and other employees. alternatively, if a court were to find the exclusive forum provisions contained in our bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could have a material and adverse impact on our business.
34
uninsured losses could harm our operating results.
we self-insure against many business risks and expenses, such as intellectual property litigation and our medical benefit programs, where we believe we can adequately self-insure against the anticipated exposure and risk or where insurance is either not deemed cost-effective or is not available. we also maintain a program of insurance coverage for various types of property, casualty, and other risks. we place our insurance coverage with various carriers in numerous jurisdictions. the types and amounts of insurance that we obtain vary from time to time and from location to location, depending on availability, cost, and our decisions with respect to risk retention. the policies are subject to deductibles, policy limits, and exclusions that result in our retention of a level of risk on a self-insurance basis. in addition, our insurance coverage may not be adequate to compensate us for all losses or failures that may occur. losses not covered by insurance could be substantial and unpredictable and could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
our stock price may be volatile.
historically, our common stock has experienced substantial price volatility, particularly as a result of variations between our actual financial results and the published expectations of analysts and as a result of announcements by our competitors and us. furthermore, speculation in the press or investment community about our strategic position, financial condition, results of operations, business, security of our products, or significant transactions can cause changes in our stock price. in addition, the stock market has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected the market price of many technology companies in particular and that have often been unrelated to the operating performance of these companies. these factors, as well as general economic and political conditions and the announcement of proposed and completed acquisitions or other significant transactions, or any difficulties associated with such transactions, by us or our current or potential competitors, may materially adversely affect the market price of our common stock in the future.
35
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion should be read with the consolidated financial statements and the related notes in item 8 of part ii of this report.
the following discussion is based upon our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report, which have been prepared in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles, or u.s. gaap. in the course of operating our business, we routinely make decisions as to the timing of the payment of invoices, the collection of receivables, the manufacturing and shipment of products, the fulfillment of orders, the purchase of supplies, and the building of inventory and spare parts, among other matters. in making these decisions, we consider various factors including contractual obligations, customer satisfaction, competition, internal and external financial targets and expectations, and financial planning objectives. each of these decisions has some impact on the financial results for any given period. for further information about our critical accounting policies and estimates, see "critical accounting policies and estimates" section included in this "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations."
to aid in understanding our operating results for the periods covered by this report, we have provided an executive overview, which includes a summary of our business and market environment along with a financial results and key performance metrics overview. these sections should be read in conjunction with the more detailed discussion and analysis of our consolidated financial condition and results of operations in this item 7, our "risk factors" section included in item 1a of part i, and our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in item 8 of part ii of this report.
executive overview business and market environment juniper designs, develops, and sells products and services for high-performance networks to enable customers to build scalable, reliable, secure and cost-effective networks for their businesses, while achieving agility, efficiency and value through automation.
our products are sold in three geographic regions: americas; europe, middle east, and africa, or emea; and asia pacific, or apac. we sell our high-performance network products and service offerings across routing, switching, and security technologies. in addition to our products, we offer our customers services, including maintenance and support, professional services, and education and training programs. we believe our silicon, systems, and software represent innovations that transform the economics and experience of networking, helping our customers achieve superior performance, greater choice, and flexibility, while reducing overall total cost of ownership.
further, our intent is to lead in the area of software solutions that simplify the operation of networks, and to allow our customers across our key verticals to deliver further value over their networks. we anticipate that our increased focus on software business models will result in an increase in software revenue as a percentage of total revenue over time.
in 2017, we began reporting revenue on the following verticals: cloud, telecom/cable, and strategic enterprise, which we believe better aligns with our business model compared to our previous reporting of revenue by service provider and enterprise. a summary of the types of customers included in our verticals is as follows:
•   cloud: companies that are heavily reliant on the cloud for their business model's success. as an example, customers in the cloud vertical can include cloud service providers as well as enterprises that provide software-as-a-service, infrastructure-as-a-service, or platform-as-a-service.
•   telecom/cable: includes wireline and wireless carriers and cable operators.
•   strategic enterprise: includes enterprises not included in the cloud vertical. in particular, they are industries with high performance, high agility requirements, including financial services; national, federal, state, and local governments; as well as research and educational institutions.
we are focused on and continue to see significant opportunities from the implementation of cloud architectures, such as large public and private data centers, as well as distributed cloud infrastructure which resides in multiple, distributed data centers in order to place applications or services closer to end users, such as enabling security and networking as a service.
41
we believe the network needs for our customers in our telecom/cable and cloud verticals are converging, as are those of strategic enterprises, as all of these customers recognize the need for high performance networks and leveraging the cloud for improved agility and greater levels of operating efficiency.
as these customers continue to grow, we believe their network architectures will continue to evolve. we believe our understanding of high performance networking technology, and our strategy, position us to capitalize on the industry transition to more automated, cost-efficient, scalable networks.
in routing, we believe that certain large cloud customers are starting to transition their wide area networks from scale-up to a scale-out architecture as they continue to add capacity, which has resulted and we expect may continue to result in a transition of these customers from purchasing our mx product family to our ptx product family. these architectural shifts have led to a near-term slowdown in our net revenues as in some cases there is a pause before the new architecture ramps as well as lower average selling prices for ptx product family compared to mx product family. we are unable to predict the exact timing or duration of the transition, as it will vary from customer to customer.
in switching, we see that certain large cloud customers who can rapidly scale based on increased demand are in the process of adopting 100-gigabit connections, or 100g, resulting in certain large deployment delays at our largest cloud customers as they prepare for this adoption.
despite these ongoing deployment delays and architectural shifts, we remain confident in our competitive position and strong relationships with these strategic customers. our overall strategy with our cloud customers has not changed and we continue to execute against our innovation roadmap, which includes our plan to continue to grow our relevance and our business in the cloud vertical.
in 2017, we continued to execute on our product strategy, specifically around the cloud. we announced cloud-grade networking, which we expect will accelerate agility and innovation with cloud customers. cloud-grade networking builds on carrier-grade reach and reliability with enterprise-grade control and usability, bringing cloud-level agility and operational scale to networks everywhere. this announcement included two new foundational products:
•   junos node slicing: converges multiple concurrent network functions on the same physical routing infrastructure, letting customers optimize their infrastructure while offering differentiated services with enhanced operational and administrative isolation within a single chassis.
•   universal chassis: a breakthrough system allowing customers to standardize on a hardware platform across their data center, core, and network edge. we believe the system will create significant value for our customers by enhancing their return on investment through reduced costs.
aligning with our cloud-grade networking initiative, we also announced a programmable photonic layer solution, comprised of two main products: tcx1000 series programmable roadm and pronx optical director. this solution is a disaggregated optical line system that is designed to offer greater levels of flexibility, cost control, and multi-layer visibility to packet-optical transport.
we also announced enhancements to our software-defined secure networks, or sdsn, platform and expanded our public cloud offering with the introduction of vsrx for microsoft azure. our sdsn enhancements deliver pervasive security across multi-vendor environments, public clouds, and private clouds. further, we announced enhancements to our contrail cloud platform that includes appformix integrations, pre-validated virtual network functions, and a managed solution of professional services offering to simplify our customers' transition to telco clouds.
in addition, we announced further cloud-based enhancements to our security portfolio. we introduced our contrail security product, a new solution specifically designed to allow enterprises and software-as-a-service, or saas, cloud providers to protect applications running in multiple cloud environments. we also completed the acquisition of cyphort inc., a software company that provides security analytics for advanced threat defense. this acquisition is expected to strengthen the capabilities of our cloud-based threat prevention service, sky advanced threat prevention, or sky atp, by increasing efficiency and performance and providing additional threat detection functionalities and analytics. we will continue to look at targeted and strategic acquisitions that we believe can complement our product portfolio, operations, r&d strategy or overall business.
42
financial results and key performance metrics overview the following table provides an overview of our financial results and key financial metrics (in millions, except per share amounts, percentages and days sales outstanding, or dso):
as of and for the years ended december 31,
2017                                                                        2016                  2015       2017 vs. 2016                                               2016 vs. 2015
$ change                 % change             $ change           % change net revenues                                  $5,027.2              $4,990.1              $4,857.8           $37.1                    1      %          $132.3                3      %
gross margin                                  $3,072.1              $3,104.5              $3,078.6           $(32.4      )           (1     )%           $25.9                1      %
percentage of net revenues                        61.1   %              62.2   %              63.4   %
operating income                                $848.1                $889.7                $912.0           $(41.6      )           (5     )%          $(22.3    )          (2     )%
percentage of net revenues                        16.9   %              17.8   %              18.8   %
net income                                      $306.2                $592.7                $633.7           $(286.5     )          (48     )%          $(41.0    )          (6     )%
percentage of net revenues                         6.1   %              11.9   %              13.0   %
net income per share basic                                            $0.81                 $1.55                 $1.62           $(0.74      )          (48     )%          $(0.07    )          (4     )%
diluted                                          $0.80                 $1.53                 $1.59           $(0.73      )          (48     )%          $(0.06    )          (4     )%
cash dividends declared per common stock         $0.40                 $0.40                 $0.40           $-                       -      %              $-                -      %
operating cash flows                          $1,260.1              $1,107.2                $899.5           $152.9                  14      %          $207.7               23      %
stock repurchase plan activity                   719.7                 312.9               1,142.5       406.8                      130      %          (829.6    )         (73     )%
dso(*)                                              62                    68                    53           (6          )           (9     )%   15                          28      %
deferred revenue                              $1,539.3              $1,481.1              $1,168.1           $58.2                    4      %            $313               27      %
product deferred revenue                        $334.2                $322.9                $240.3           $11.3                    3      %           $82.6               34      %
________________________________
(*)   dso is for the fourth quarter ended december 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015.
•   net revenues: during 2017, net revenues increased compared to 2016, due to growth from our services business driven by strong attach rates and renewals of support contracts, partially offset by a decline in product revenues. the decline in product revenues was primarily driven by lower revenues from our routing products as a result of the continued architectural shifts in the cloud vertical to more automated, cost efficient, and scalable networks and a decrease in our high-end srx series in our security business. this was partially offset by an increase in net revenues from our switching products driven by continued growth from our data center switching portfolio, particularly from our qfx product family which grew 25% year-over-year.
of our top ten customers for 2017, four were cloud, five were telecom/cable, and one was a strategic enterprise. of these customers, two were located outside of the u.s.
•   gross margin: our gross margin as a percentage of net revenues decreased during 2017, compared to 2016, primarily due to lower product net revenues, customer mix, and product mix resulting from the year-over-year decline in routing revenues, including as a result of architectural shifts described above, partially offset by higher service gross margin.
•   operating margin: during 2017, compared to 2016, operating income as a percentage of net revenues decreased primarily due to lower gross margin as discussed above and higher operating expenses primarily from restructuring charges, partially offset by higher net revenues driven by the strength from our services and switching businesses.
•   capital return: in 2017, we repurchased 26.1 million shares of our common stock for an aggregate amount of $719.7 million and paid cash dividends of $0.10 per share each quarter for an aggregate annual amount of $150.4 million.
•   operating cash flows: cash flow from operations increased in 2017, compared to 2016, primarily due to an increase in cash collections from customers in the first half of 2017 due to higher invoicing activity during the fourth quarter
43
of 2016, partially offset by an increase in payments to suppliers, higher payments for restructuring activities, and an increase in cash paid for income taxes.
•   dso: dso is calculated as the ratio of ending accounts receivable, net of allowances, divided by net revenues for the preceding 90 days. dso for the quarter ended december 31, 2017 decreased, compared to the quarter ended december 31, 2016, primarily due to lower invoicing activities.
•   product deferred revenue: product deferred revenue increased as of december 31, 2017, compared to december 31, 2016, primarily due to shipments that have not met certain revenue recognition criteria.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of the financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with u.s. gaap requires us to make judgments, assumptions, and estimates that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes. on an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to sales returns, pricing credits, warranty costs, allowance for doubtful accounts, impairment of long-term assets, especially goodwill and intangible assets, contract manufacturer liabilities, assumptions used in the valuation of share-based compensation, and litigation. we base our estimates and assumptions on current facts, historical experience, and various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. for further information about our significant accounting policies, see note 2, significant accounting policies, in notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of part ii of this report, which describes the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. the accounting policies described below are significantly affected by critical accounting estimates. such accounting policies require significant judgments, assumptions, and estimates used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements and actual results could differ materially from the amounts reported based on these policies. to the extent there are material differences between our estimates and the actual results, our future consolidated results of operations may be affected.
•   goodwill: we make significant estimates, assumptions, and judgments when valuing goodwill and other intangible assets in connection with the initial purchase price allocation of an acquired entity, as well as when evaluating impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets on an ongoing basis. these estimates are based upon a number of factors, including historical experience, market conditions, and information obtained from the management of the acquired company. critical estimates in valuing certain intangible assets include, but are not limited to, historical and projected customer retention rates, anticipated growth in revenue from the acquired customer and product base, and the expected use of the acquired assets. these factors are also considered in determining the useful life of the acquired intangible assets. the amounts and useful lives assigned to identified intangible assets impacts the amount and timing of future amortization expense.
goodwill represents the future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recorded. the excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair value of net assets of businesses acquired in a business combination is recognized as goodwill. we evaluate our goodwill for impairment on an annual basis, as of november 1st, or more frequently if an event occurs or facts and circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of our reporting units below their carrying amount.
goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is one level below our operating segment level, by comparing the reporting unit's carrying value, including goodwill, to the fair value of the reporting unit. the reporting units are determined based on the components of our operating segment that constitutes a business for which discrete financial information is available and segment management regularly review the operating results of the component.
the provisions of the accounting standard for goodwill and other intangibles allows us to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform the two-step quantitative goodwill impairment test. various factors are considered in the qualitative assessment, including macroeconomic conditions, financial performance, or a sustained decrease in share price. if as a result of the qualitative assessment, it is deemed more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, management will perform the quantitative test.
the quantitative goodwill impairment test, if necessary, involves a two-step process to identify goodwill impairment and measure the amount of goodwill impairment loss to be recognized, if any. the first step tests for potential impairment by comparing the fair value of reporting units with the reporting unit's carrying values. if the fair value of the reporting units exceeds the carrying value of the reporting unit's net assets, goodwill is not impaired and no further testing is required. if the fair value of the reporting units does not exceed the carrying value of the net assets assigned to the
44
reporting unit, then we perform the second step of the impairment test in order to determine the implied fair value of the reporting unit's goodwill. the second step requires an assignment of the reporting unit's fair value to the reporting unit's assets and liabilities, using the relevant acquisition accounting guidance, to determine the implied fair value of the reporting unit's goodwill. the implied fair value of the reporting unit's goodwill is then compared with the carrying amount of the reporting unit's goodwill, and if the carrying value of a reporting unit's goodwill exceeds its implied fair value, we record an impairment loss equal to the difference.
in the first step, the fair value of each of our reporting units is determined using both the income and market valuation approaches. we believe the income approach and the market approach are equally representative of the reporting unit's fair value. under the income approach, the fair value of the reporting unit is based on the present value of estimated future cash flows that the reporting unit is expected to generate over its remaining life. under the market approach, the value of the reporting unit is based on an analysis that compares the value of the reporting unit to values of publicly-traded companies in similar lines of business. in the application of the income and market valuation approaches, we are required to make estimates of future operating trends and judgments on discount rates and other variables. determining the fair value of a reporting unit is highly judgmental in nature and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. we base our fair value estimates on assumptions we believe to be reasonable, but unpredictable and inherently uncertain. actual future results related to assumed variables could differ from these estimates. in addition, we make certain judgments and assumptions in allocating shared assets and liabilities to determine the carrying values for each of our reporting units.
under the income approach, we calculate the fair value of a reporting unit based on the present value of estimated future cash flows. cash flow projections are based on management's estimates of revenue growth rates and operating margins, taking into consideration industry and market conditions. the discount rate used is based on the weighted-average cost of capital adjusted for the relevant risk associated with business-specific characteristics and the uncertainty related to the business's ability to execute on the projected cash flows. under the market approach, we estimate the fair value based on market multiples of earnings derived from comparable publicly-traded companies with similar operating and investment characteristics as the reporting units, and then apply a control premium which is determined by considering control premiums offered as part of the acquisitions that have occurred in market segments that are comparable with our reporting units. the income approach and the market approach are equally weighted to derive the fair value of the reporting unit.
in the second step, the reporting unit's fair value is allocated to all of the assets and liabilities, including any unrecognized intangible assets; such as, existing technology, backlog, and customer relationships, in a hypothetical analysis that calculates the implied fair value of goodwill in the same manner as if the reporting unit was being acquired in a business combination. if the implied fair value of the reporting unit's goodwill is less than the carrying value, the difference is recorded as an impairment loss. assumptions used in measuring the fair value of these assets and liabilities included the discount rates, customer renewal rates, and technology obsolescence rates used in valuing intangible assets, and pricing of comparable transactions in the market in valuing the tangible assets.
during the second quarter of 2017, we concluded that there were sufficient indicators to require us to perform an interim goodwill impairment analysis on our security reporting unit. based on our analysis, we determined that our security reporting unit's goodwill was not impaired.
during the fourth quarter of 2017, we performed a qualitative assessment for all of our reporting units: routing, switching, and security. this qualitative assessment included the review of certain macroeconomic factors and entity-specific qualitative factors to determine if it was more-likely-than-not that the fair values of our reporting units were below carrying value. we considered macroeconomic factors including the economic growth, general macroeconomic trends and growth for the markets in which the reporting units operate, changes in the industry environment, and the performance of market competitors. in addition to these macroeconomic factors, we considered the reporting units' current results and forecasts, any changes in the nature of the business, any changes in cost factors, any significant legal, regulatory, contractual, or other business factors, and changes in the carrying values. as a result of our qualitative assessment, we concluded that it was more-likely-than-not that our goodwill was not impaired and we did not perform a quantitative assessment.
45
•   inventory valuation and contract manufacturer liabilities: inventory consists primarily of component parts to be used in the manufacturing process and finished goods in-transit, and is stated at lower of cost or net realizable value. a provision is recorded when inventory is determined to be in excess of anticipated demand or obsolete, to adjust inventory to its estimated realizable value. in determining the provision, we also consider estimated recovery rates based on the nature of the inventory. as of december 31, 2017 and december 31, 2016, our net inventory balances were $97.8 million and $95.5 million, respectively.
we establish a liability for non-cancelable, non-returnable purchase commitments with our contract manufacturers for quantities in excess of our demand forecasts or obsolete materials charges for components purchased by the contract manufacturers based on our demand forecasts or customer orders. we also take estimated recoveries of aged inventory into consideration when determining the liability. as of december 31, 2017 and december 31, 2016, our contract manufacturer liabilities were $22.0 million and $14.0 million, respectively.
significant judgment is used in establishing our forecasts of future demand, recovery rates based on the nature and age of inventory, and obsolete material exposures. we perform a detailed analysis and review of data used in establishing our demand forecasts. if the actual component usage and product demand are significantly lower than forecast, which may be caused by factors within and outside of our control, or if there were a higher incidence of inventory obsolescence because of rapidly changing technology and our customer requirements, we may be required to increase our inventory write-downs and contract manufacturer liabilities, which could have an adverse impact on our gross margins and profitability. we regularly evaluate our exposure for inventory write-downs and adequacy of our contract manufacturer liabilities. inventory and supply chain management remains an area of focus as we balance the risk of material obsolescence and supply chain flexibility in order to reduce lead times.
•   revenue recognition: revenue is recognized when all of the following criteria have been met: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (2) delivery has occurred, (3) sales price is fixed or determinable, and (4) collectability is reasonably assured. we enter into contracts to sell our products and services, and while some of our sales agreements contain standard terms and conditions, there are agreements that contain multiple elements or non-standard terms and conditions. as a result, significant contract interpretation may be required to determine the appropriate accounting, including whether the deliverables specified in a multiple element arrangement should be treated as separate units of accounting for revenue recognition purposes, and, if so, how the price should be allocated among the elements and when to recognize revenue for each element. changes in the allocation of the sales price between elements may impact the timing of revenue recognition but will not change the total revenue recognized on the contract.
under our revenue recognition policies, we allocate revenue to each element based on a selling price hierarchy. the selling price for a deliverable is based on our vendor-specific objective evidence, or vsoe, if available, third-party evidence, or tpe, if vsoe is not available, or estimated selling price, or esp, if neither vsoe nor tpe is available. we establish vsoe of selling price using the price charged for a deliverable when sold separately. tpe of selling price is established by evaluating largely interchangeable competitor products or services in stand-alone sales to similarly situated customers. we do not use tpe as we do not consider our products to be similar or interchangeable to our competitors' products in standalone sales to similarly situated customers. esp is established considering internal factors such as margin objectives, pricing practices and controls, customer segment pricing strategies and product life cycle. consideration is also given to market conditions such as industry pricing strategies and technology life cycles. when determining esp, we apply management judgment to establish margin objectives and pricing strategies and to evaluate market conditions and product life cycles. revenue from maintenance service contracts is deferred and recognized ratably over the contractual support period, which is generally one to three years.
•   income taxes: we are subject to income taxes in the united states and numerous foreign jurisdictions. significant judgment is required in evaluating our uncertain tax positions and determining our taxes. although we believe our reserves are reasonable, no assurance can be given that the final tax outcome of these matters will not be different from that which is reflected in our historical income tax provisions and accruals. we adjust these reserves in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax audit or the refinement of an estimate. to the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters is different than the amounts recorded, such differences will affect the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made.
we have accounted for the tax effects of the tax cuts and jobs act, which we refer to as the tax act, enacted on december 22, 2017, on a provisional basis. our accounting for certain income tax effects is incomplete, but we have determined reasonable estimates for those effects. our reasonable estimates are included in our financial statements
46
as of december 31, 2017. we expect to complete our accounting during the one year measurement period from the enactment date.
significant judgment is also required in determining any valuation allowance recorded against deferred tax assets. in assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we consider all available evidence, including past operating results, estimates of future taxable income, and the feasibility of tax planning strategies. in the event that we change our determination as to the amount of deferred tax assets that can be realized, we will adjust our valuation allowance with a corresponding impact to the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made.
our provision for income taxes is subject to volatility and could be adversely affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in countries that have lower tax rates and higher than anticipated in countries that have higher tax rates; by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities; by expiration of or lapses in the r&d tax credit laws; by transfer pricing adjustments, including the effect of acquisitions on our intercompany r&d cost-sharing arrangement and legal structure; by tax effects of nondeductible compensation; by tax costs related to intercompany realignments; by changes in accounting principles; or by changes in tax laws and regulations, including possible u.s. changes to the taxation of earnings of our foreign subsidiaries, the deductibility of expenses attributable to foreign income, or the foreign tax credit rules. in addition, the oecd's recommended changes to numerous long-standing tax principles, as adopted by countries, will increase tax uncertainty and may adversely affect our provision for income taxes. significant judgment is required to determine the recognition and measurement attributes prescribed in the accounting guidance for uncertainty in income taxes. the accounting guidance for uncertainty in income taxes applies to all income tax positions, including the potential recovery of previously paid taxes, which if settled unfavorably could adversely affect our provision for income taxes or additional paid-in capital. in addition, we are subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by the irs and other tax authorities. we regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. there can be no assurance that the outcomes from these continuous examinations will not have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.
•   loss contingencies: we use significant judgment and assumptions to estimate the likelihood of loss or impairment of an asset, or the incurrence of a liability, in determining loss contingencies. an estimated loss contingency is accrued when it is probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. we record a charge equal to the minimum estimated liability for litigation costs or a loss contingency only when both of the following conditions are met: (i) information available prior to issuance of our consolidated financial statements indicates that it is probable that an asset had been impaired or a liability had been incurred at the date of the financial statements and (ii) the range of loss can be reasonably estimated. we regularly evaluate current information available to us to determine whether such accruals should be adjusted and whether new accruals are required.
recent accounting pronouncements see note 2, significant accounting policies, in notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of part ii of this report for a full description of recent accounting pronouncements, including the expected dates of adoption and estimated effects on financial condition and results of operations, which is incorporated herein by reference.
47
results of operations the following table presents net revenues by product and service, customer vertical, and geographic region (in millions, except percentages):
as of and for the years ended december 31,
2017                                                          2016                  2015                           2017 vs. 2016                           2016 vs. 2015
$ change           % change             $ change           % change routing                         $2,189.5              $2,352.9              $2,359.2             $(163.4    )          (7     )%           $(6.3    )           -      %
switching                          963.4                 858.0                 768.3               105.4               12      %            89.7               12      %
security                           293.3                 318.0                 435.6               (24.7    )          (8     )%          (117.6    )         (27     )%
total product                    3,446.2               3,528.9               3,563.1               (82.7    )          (2     )%           (34.2    )          (1     )%
percentage of net revenues          68.6   %              70.7   %              73.3   %
total service                    1,581.0               1,461.2               1,294.7               119.8                8      %           166.5               13      %
percentage of net revenues          31.4   %              29.3   %              26.7   %
total net revenues              $5,027.2              $4,990.1              $4,857.8               $37.1                1      %          $132.3                3      %
cloud                           $1,314.9              $1,322.3              $1,021.2               $(7.4    )          (1     )%          $301.1               29      %
percentage of net revenues          26.1   %              26.5   %              21.0   %
telecom/cable                    2,315.7               2,324.7               2,417.1                (9.0    )           -      %           (92.4    )          (4     )%
percentage of net revenues          46.1   %              46.6   %              49.8   %
strategic enterprise             1,396.6               1,343.1               1,419.5                53.5                4      %           (76.4    )          (5     )%
percentage of net revenues          27.8   %              26.9   %              29.2   %
total net revenues              $5,027.2              $4,990.1              $4,857.8               $37.1                1      %          $132.3                3      %
americas:
united states                   $2,712.6              $2,737.0              $2,568.6              $(24.4    )          (1     )%          $168.4                7      %
other                              234.6                 231.8                 223.6                 2.8                1      %             8.2                4      %
total americas                   2,947.2               2,968.8               2,792.2               (21.6    )          (1     )%           176.6                6      %
percentage of net revenues          58.6   %              59.5   %              57.5   %
emea                             1,195.8               1,238.1               1,320.3               (42.3    )          (3     )%           (82.2    )          (6     )%
percentage of net revenues          23.8   %              24.8   %              27.2   %
apac                               884.2                 783.2                 745.3               101.0               13      %            37.9                5      %
percentage of net revenues          17.6   %              15.7   %              15.3   %
total net revenues              $5,027.2              $4,990.1              $4,857.8               $37.1                1      %          $132.3                3      %
2017 compared to 2016
product net revenues decreased in 2017, compared to 2016, primarily due to a decrease in routing and, to a lesser extent, security, partially offset by growth in switching.
lower routing revenues was driven by cloud customers in the americas as a result of the ongoing architectural shifts in the cloud vertical to more automated, cost efficient, and scalable networks. routing revenues in emea also declined year-over-year due to lower sales from telecom/cable customers, partially offset by revenue growth in apac from our telecom/cable vertical. as we continue to expand our footprint with certain strategic apac telecom and cloud customers, particularly in australia, we expect these strategic opportunities will ultimately help to drive revenue growth in apac. revenues from our mx and legacy routing products declined year-over-year, which was partially offset by an increase in revenues from our ptx products from the continued adoption of our ptx1000 series of products. we are expecting a year-over-year revenue decline in our routing business in 2018 as a result of the ongoing architectural shifts in the cloud vertical.
security net revenues declined in 2017, compared to 2016, primarily driven by a decrease in our high-end srx series as it has been undergoing a product refresh cycle and the decline in our other legacy products. we are expecting a year-over-year revenue increase in our security business in 2018 as a result of product refresh.
48
the decline in product net revenues was partially offset by an increase in switching net revenues due to continued growth from our data center switching portfolio, particularly from our qfx product family, which grew 25% year-over-year. this growth was across public and private clouds driven in part by 100g adoption. the switching net revenue growth was primarily driven by the cloud vertical in the americas and, to a lesser extent, our strategic enterprise vertical. we expect that our data center switching portfolio will continue to drive revenue growth in our switching business and we expect year-over-year revenue growth in our switching business in 2018.
service net revenues increased during in 2017, compared to 2016, primarily due to strong renewal and attach rates of support contracts. additionally, we saw strong year-over-year services revenue growth in apac and emea.
2016 compared to 2015
product net revenues decreased slightly in 2016, compared to 2015, primarily due to a decrease in security and, to a lesser extent, routing, partially offset by growth in switching.
the decrease in security was driven by our srx products, which has been undergoing a product refresh cycle, and the continued decline of our screen os and other legacy products. we continue to expect that our screen os and other legacy products will not contribute to meaningful security product revenue growth and should continue to decline over time. the decrease in security net revenues was driven by our strategic enterprise vertical due to competitive pressures.
routing product net revenues decreased slightly in 2016, compared to 2015, primarily due to a decline in revenues from our mx products, resulting from lower sales from our telecom/cable vertical in the americas and emea, which is impacted by the timing of large deployments. revenues from our legacy products continued to decline, as expected, as we continued to transition to our next-generation ptx series of products. these declines were significantly offset by a strong increase in revenues from our ptx series of products due to higher sales to cloud and telecom/cable customers, as well as the ramp up of sales of our new products.
the decline in product net revenues was partially offset by an increase in switching, primarily due to continued growth from our data center switching portfolio, particularly from our qfx product family, which increased over 50% year-over-year driven by the ramp up of sales of our new product offerings, as well as an increase in revenues from cloud customers in americas. this was partially offset by lower demand for our ex products, as we transitioned to our new ex product portfolio. we are focused on the growing cloud and data center market, and expect our expanded data center switching portfolio will continue to drive revenue growth in our switching business in the foreseeable future.
service net revenues increased in 2016, compared to 2015, primarily driven by strong attach rates and renewals of support contracts.
customer no customer accounted for greater than 10% of our net revenues during the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015.
gross margins the following table presents gross margins (in millions, except percentages):
years ended december 31,
2017                                                              2016                  2015       2017 vs. 2016                           2016 vs. 2015
$ change                 % change       $ change                 % change product gross margin                $2,085.3              $2,202.7              $2,293.5           $(117.4     )           (5     )%       $(90.8      )           (4     )%
percentage of product revenues          60.5   %              62.4   %              64.4   %
service gross margin                   986.8                 901.8                 785.1                85.0                9      %   116.7                       15      %
percentage of service revenues          62.4   %              61.7   %              60.6   %
total gross margin                  $3,072.1              $3,104.5              $3,078.6           $(32.4      )           (1     )%       $25.9                    1      %
percentage of net revenues              61.1   %              62.2   %              63.4   %
our gross margins as a percentage of net revenues have been and will continue to be affected by a variety of factors, including the mix and average selling prices of our products and services, new product introductions and enhancements, manufacturing and component costs, expenses for inventory obsolescence and warranty obligations, cost of support and service personnel, customer
49
mix as we continue to expand our footprint with certain strategic customers and certain geographic regions, and the mix of distribution channels through which our products and services are sold.
2017 compared to 2016
product gross margin product gross margin as a percentage of product revenues decreased in 2017, compared to 2016, primarily due to lower product net revenues, customer mix, and product mix resulting from the year-over-year decline in routing revenues and our customers' architectural shifts, partially offset by improvements in our cost structure. in the near-term, we expect product gross margin will continue to be affected by lower revenues and product mix, including from our customers' architectural shifts. we are undertaking specific efforts to address certain factors impacting our product gross margin. these efforts include cost reductions, performance and quality improvements through engineering to increase value across our products; optimizing our supply chain; pricing management; and increasing software and solution sales; however, there can be no guarantee that these efforts will be successful or that they will be realized in the time frame we anticipate.
we expect that our product gross margin will continue to vary in the future due to the mix of products sold, geographic mix, and competitive pricing pressures.
service gross margin service gross margin as a percentage of service net revenues increased in 2017, compared to 2016, due to higher service revenues, partially offset by higher material and higher delivery costs.
2016 compared to 2015
product gross margin product gross margin decreased as a percentage of product net revenues in 2016, compared to 2015, primarily due to elevated pricing pressures, product mix, and remediation costs of $10.8 million for certain products containing a defect in a clock-signal component from a third-party supplier, partially offset by improvements in our cost structure. we expect that our product gross margin will continue to vary in the future due to the mix of products sold and competitive pricing pressures.
service gross margin service gross margin as a percentage of service net revenues increased in 2016, compared to 2015, due to an increase in support revenue as well as improvements in labor productivity and logistics, partially offset by increased support costs related to the ramp up of new products.
50
operating expenses the following table presents operating expenses (in millions, except percentages):
years ended december 31,
2017                                                                2016                  2015                           2017 vs. 2016                         2016 vs. 2015
$ change        % change              $ change           % change research and development                $980.7              $1,013.7                $994.5              $(33.0    )        (3     )%           $19.2                2      %
percentage of net revenues                19.5   %              20.3   %              20.5   %
sales and marketing                      950.2                 972.9                 943.8               (22.7    )        (2     )%            29.1                3      %
percentage of net revenues                18.9   %              19.5   %              19.4   %
general and administrative               227.5                 224.9                 228.9                 2.6                1   %             (4.0    )          (2     )%
percentage of net revenues                 4.5   %               4.5   %               4.7   %
restructuring charges (benefits)          65.6                   3.3                  (0.6   )            62.3             n/m                   3.9              n/m percentage of net revenues                 1.3   %               0.1   %                 -   %
total operating expenses              $2,224.0              $2,214.8              $2,166.6                $9.2             -      %            $48.2                2      %
percentage of net revenues                44.2   %              44.4   %              44.6   %
_______________________________
n/m - percentage is not meaningful.
our operating expenses have historically been driven in large part by personnel-related costs, including salaries and wages; commissions and bonuses, which we refer to collectively as variable compensation; benefits; share-based compensation; and travel. facility and information technology, or it, departmental costs are allocated to each department based on usage and headcount. we had a total of 9,381, 9,832, and 9,058 employees as of december 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015, respectively. our headcount decreased by 451 employees, or 5%, in 2017, compared to 2016, primarily due to our restructuring plan initiated in the first quarter of 2017 to realign our workforce and increase operational efficiency, which we refer to as the 2017 restructuring plan. our headcount increased by 774 employees, or 9%, in 2016, compared to 2015, primarily in research and development, driven by our 2016 business acquisitions, as well as higher services and sales headcount as we focus on delivering our new products to our customers.
2017 compared to 2016
research and development research and development expense, or r&d, decreased in 2017, compared to 2016, primarily due to a decline in personnel-related costs, including lower share-based compensation of $39.8 million primarily driven by lower expense from certain performance share awards, or psas, whose vesting is contingent upon the achievement of financial performance metrics or certain performance milestones, and lower variable compensation of $13.7 million. the decrease was partially offset by higher costs related to certain r&d project cancellations of $11.4 million and higher prototype costs of $10.4 million.
sales and marketing sales and marketing expense decreased in 2017, compared to 2016, primarily due to a decline in personnel-related costs of $20.5 million, including lower variable compensation of $15.5 million primarily as a result of lower commissions expense and lower salaries and wages driven by a decrease in headcount as a result of the 2017 restructuring plan.
general and administrative general and administrative expense increased in 2017, compared to 2016, primarily due to litigation settlement charges pursuant to a litigation settlement reached in november 2017 in connection with a legal proceeding of approximately $13.0 million, partially offset by a decline in other legal costs of $6.4 million.
51
restructuring charges (benefits)
restructuring charges (benefits) increased in 2017, compared to 2016, primarily due to severance and contract termination costs recorded under the 2017 restructuring plan.
2016 compared to 2015
research and development research and development expense increased in 2016, compared to 2015, primarily as a result of an increase in depreciation and amortization expense of $17.8 million, which was driven by higher capital expenditures related to research and development projects. also contributing to the increase in research and development expense was $13.6 million of higher outside service costs, such as consulting, and higher facilities expense. to a lesser extent, personnel-related expenses increased due to higher salaries, wages, and fringe expense partially offset by lower variable compensation expense. the increase in salaries and wages was driven by a higher headcount of 331 from 3,723 at the end of 2015 to 4,054 at the end of 2016, as a result of our 2016 business acquisitions. these increases were partially offset by lower costs of $14.1 million related to the completion of development of new products.
sales and marketing sales and marketing expense increased in 2016, compared to 2015, primarily due to an increase in personnel-related expenses of $26.6 million driven by higher salaries and wages related to an increase in headcount of 126 from 2,464 at the end of 2015 to 2,590 at the end of 2016, as well as an increase in share-based compensation expense, partially offset by lower variable compensation expense.
general and administrative general and administrative expense decreased in 2016, compared to 2015, primarily as a result of lower personnel-related expenses which includes a decline in share-based compensation and lower variable compensation expense, partially offset by higher salaries and wages. additionally, facilities expense decreased in 2016, compared to 2015, due to the consolidation of our buildings in sunnyvale, california. these declines were partially offset by an increase in outside services related to consulting projects as well as an increase in acquisition costs related to our 2016 business acquisitions.
restructuring charges (benefits)
restructuring charges (benefits) increased in 2016, compared to 2015, due to severance costs in connection with our 2016 business combinations.
other expense, net the following table presents other expense, net (in millions, except percentages):
years ended december 31,
2017                                                             2016                 2015                         2017 vs. 2016                         2016 vs. 2015
$ change           % change           $ change           % change interest income                       $53.0                $35.4                $21.8              $17.6               50      %         $13.6               62      %
interest expense                     (101.2    )           (97.7    )           (83.3    )          (3.5    )           4      %         (14.4    )          17      %
gain (loss) on investments, net        14.6                 (1.8    )             6.8        16.4                     n/m                 (8.6    )        (126     )%
other                                  (2.7    )             1.8                 (5.1    )          (4.5    )        (250     )%   6.9                      n/m total other expense, net             $(36.3    )          $(62.3    )          $(59.8    )         $26.0              (42     )%         $(2.5    )           4      %
percentage of net revenues             (0.7   )%            (1.2   )%            (1.2   )%
_______________________________
n/m - percentage is not meaningful.
other expense, net interest income primarily includes interest earned on our cash, cash equivalents, investments, and promissory note issued to us in connection with the sale of junos pulse. interest expense primarily includes interest, net of capitalized interest expense, from long-
52
term debt and customer financing arrangements. gain (loss) on investments, net, primarily includes gains from the sale of investments in public and privately-held companies, and any impairment charges recorded on these investments. other typically consists of foreign exchange gains and losses and other non-operational income and expense items.
2017 compared to 2016
interest income interest income increased in 2017, compared to 2016, primarily due to an increase in interest income related to our investment portfolio, as a result of higher yields and a larger balance in the portfolio.
interest expense interest expense increased in 2017, compared to 2016, primarily due to a full-year effect of interest expense from the issuance of our 2019 and 2024 notes in the first quarter of 2016. see note 10, debt and financing, in notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 in part ii of this report for additional information regarding our 2019 and 2024 notes.
gain (loss) on investments, net during the year ended december 31, 2017, we saw an increase from gains on equity investments, primarily related to the sale of investments in public and privately-held companies. in addition, we recorded impairment charges on certain investments in privately-held companies in 2016, and there were no such charges recorded in 2017.
2016 compared to 2015
interest income interest income increased in 2016 compared to 2015, primarily due to higher interest income on our promissory note issued to us in connection with the previously completed sale of junos pulse, which we refer to as the pulse note, due to an increase in the interest rate, as well as higher yields from our investment portfolio. see note 8, other financial information, in notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 in part ii of this report for additional information regarding our pulse note.
interest expense interest expense increased in 2016, compared to 2015, primarily due to the issuance of our 2019 and 2024 notes, partially offset by the repayment of debt in the first quarter of 2016. see note 10, debt and financing, in notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 in part ii of this report for additional information regarding our 2019 and 2024 notes.
gain (loss) on investments, net during the year ended december 31, 2016, we recorded net losses on investments of $1.8 million, which was primarily driven by impairments on our investments in privately-held companies. whereas during the year ended december 31, 2015, we recorded a gain on investments of $7.3 million related to the sale of an investment in a privately-held company, which was partially offset by impairments in investments of other privately-held companies.
53
income tax provision the following table presents the income tax provision (in millions, except percentages):
years ended december 31,
2017                                                2016                2015      2017 vs. 2016                          2016 vs. 2015
$ change              % change         $ change            % change income tax provision      $505.6              $234.7              $218.5          $270.9                 115   %         $16.2                  7   %
effective tax rate          62.3   %            28.4   %            25.6   %
2017 compared to 2016
the effective tax rate for the fiscal year 2017 was higher than 2016, primarily due to an estimated $289.5 million of net income tax expense related to changes imposed by the tax act, which was enacted on december 22, 2017. effective january 1, 2018, the tax act provides for significant changes to u.s. income tax law including the reduction of the u.s. federal corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21% and the creation of a minimum tax on foreign earnings. in addition, the tax act imposed a one-time transition tax on accumulated foreign earnings through december 31, 2017. the $289.5 million income tax expense includes an estimated tax charge of $431.2 million on the company's accumulated foreign earnings, which the company has elected to pay over eight years, as described in note 14, income taxes, in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 1 of part i of this report.
we expect the future effective rate to trend toward the newly enacted u.s. statutory rate with the exception of the impacts of stock based compensation and one-time items.  in addition, our effective tax rate could fluctuate significantly on a quarterly basis and could be adversely affected to the extent earnings are lower than anticipated in countries that have lower statutory rates and higher than anticipated in countries that have higher statutory rates. our effective tax rate could also fluctuate due to changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets or liabilities, or by changes in tax laws, regulations, or accounting principles, as well as certain discrete items. see item 1a of part ii, risk factors of this report for a description of relevant risks which may adversely affect our results.
2016 compared to 2015
the effective tax rate for the fiscal year 2016 was higher than 2015, primarily due to a change in the geographic mix of earnings. the effective tax rate for the fiscal year 2015 includes a benefit of $13.2 million related to a change in the tax treatment of share-based compensation in our cost sharing arrangement.
as a result of recommendations by the organisation for economic cooperation and development, or oecd, on base erosion and profit shifting, certain countries in emea and apac have either enacted new corporate tax legislation or are considering enacting such legislation in the near future. we expect the effect of these reform measures to potentially impact long-standing tax principles, particularly as regards to transfer pricing. consequently, we expect global tax authorities to increasingly challenge the company's cost sharing and other intercompany arrangements, and the related sourcing of taxable profits in global jurisdictions. in 2017, discussions were held with tax authorities, including uk and australia, regarding corporate tax reform legislation enacted by those countries.
54
liquidity and capital resources the following sections discuss the effects of changes in our balance sheet, our capital return strategy, including our stock repurchase program and dividends, our contractual obligations, and certain other commitments and activities on our liquidity and capital resources.
we have funded our business primarily through our operating activities and the issuance of our long-term debt. the following table presents our capital resources (in millions, except percentages):
as of december 31,
2017                                                                                       2016             $ change          % change working capital                                           $2,446.3                $2,236.0               $210.3               9      %
cash and cash equivalents                                 $2,006.5                $1,833.2               $173.3               9      %
short-term investments                                     1,026.1                   752.3                273.8              36      %
long-term investments                                        988.4                 1,071.8                (83.4    )         (8     )%
total cash, cash equivalents, and investments              4,021.0                 3,657.3                363.7              10      %
long-term debt                                             2,136.3                 2,133.7                  2.6               -      %
cash, cash equivalents, and investments, net of debt      $1,884.7                $1,523.6               $361.1              24      %
summary of cash flows the following table summarizes cash flows from our consolidated statements of cash flows (in millions, except percentages):
years ended december 31,
2017                                                             2016                  2015                   2017 vs. 2016                                              2016 vs. 2015
$ change                 % change            $ change           % change net cash provided by operating activities(*)   $1,260.1              $1,107.2              $899.5             $152.9                  14      %         $207.7               23   %
net cash used in investing activities          $(309.0       )       $(444.6       )       $(503.4     )      $135.6                 (30     )%          $58.8              (12   )%
net cash used in financing activities(*)       $(794.8       )       $(236.3       )       $(593.7     )      $(558.5     )          236      %         $357.4              (60   )%
________________________________
(*)   on january 1, 2017, we adopted the new accounting pronouncement on improvements to employee share-based payment accounting, requiring excess tax benefits to be presented as an operating activity in the consolidated statements of cash flows. we applied this provision on a retrospective basis. during 2016 and 2015, $6.7 million and $12.3 million of excess tax benefits have been reclassified from financing to operating activities to conform to the current-year presentation.
operating activities our primary source of operating cash flows is cash collections from our customers. our primary uses of cash from operating activities are for personnel-related expenditures, and other general operating expenses, as well as payments related to taxes, interest, and facilities.
2017 compared to 2016
net cash provided by operating activities increased in 2017, compared to 2016, primarily due to an increase in cash collections from customers in the first half of 2017 due to higher invoicing activity during the fourth quarter of 2016, partially offset by an increase in payments to suppliers, higher payments for restructuring activities and an increase in cash paid for income taxes.
2016 compared to 2015
net cash provided by operating activities increased in 2016, compared to 2015, primarily due to an increase in cash collections from customers in 2016 due to higher invoicing activity during the fourth quarter of 2015, partially offset by an increase in income taxes paid.
55
investing activities investing cash flows consist primarily of capital expenditures; investment purchases, sales, maturities and redemptions; and cash used for business combinations.
2017 compared to 2016
net cash used in investing activities decreased in 2017, compared to 2016, primarily due to lower payments for business combinations and capital expenditures and the receipt of $75.0 million in proceeds from the pulse note, partially offset by higher net purchases of available-for-sale securities.
2016 compared to 2015
net cash used in investing activities decreased in 2016, compared to 2015. the decrease was primary due to a decrease in net purchases of available-for-sale investments, partially offset by an increase in cash used for business acquisitions in 2016.
financing activities financing cash flows consist primarily of repurchases and retirement of common stock, payment of cash dividends to stockholders, issuance and repayment of long-term debt, and proceeds from the issuance of shares of common stock through employee equity incentive plans.
2017 compared to 2016
net cash used in financing activities increased in 2017, compared to 2016, primarily due to an increase in repurchases and retirement of our common stock in 2017. in 2016, we raised $494.0 million from our 2019 notes and 2024 notes and repaid $300.0 million of our 2016 notes.
2016 compared to 2015
net cash used in financing activities decreased in 2016, compared to 2015. the decrease was primarily due to lower purchases and retirements of our common stock in 2016, partially offset by the payment of our 2016 notes and a decrease in cash proceeds received from the issuance of long-term debt and the issuance of common stock in 2016.
capital return the following table summarizes our dividends paid and stock repurchase activities (in millions, except per share amounts):
dividends                                                            stock repurchase program              total year         per share               amount           shares            average price per share              amount repurchased             amount
2017       $0.40                $150.4            26.1                         $27.61                           $719.7                 $870.1
2016       $0.40                $152.5            13.5                         $23.25                           $312.9                 $465.4
2015       $0.40                $156.3            45.4                         $25.16                         $1,142.5               $1,298.8
in 2014 and 2015, our board of directors, which we refer to as the board, approved a stock repurchase program that authorized us to repurchase up to $2.1 billion of our common stock, including $1.2 billion pursuant to an accelerated share repurchase program ("asr"), and subsequent increases to the authorization totaling $1.8 billion ("stock repurchase program"). in february 2017, the board authorized a $500 million increase to the stock repurchase program for a total of $4.4 billion. as of december 31, 2017, we utilized all of the authorized funds under the stock repurchase program.
in january 2018, our board approved a new $2.0 billion share repurchase authorization ("2018 stock repurchase program"), which replaces the previous authorization. our board also authorized us to enter into an asr for an amount up to $750 million under the 2018 stock repurchase program, and we expect to be opportunistic with our share repurchases in 2018.
in february 2018, we entered into asr agreements with two financial institutions to repurchase an aggregate of $750 million of our common stock. the company made an up-front payment of $750 million pursuant to the asr and received and retired an
56
initial 23.3 million shares of our common stock for an aggregate price of $600.0 million based on the market value of our common stock on the date of the transaction. we have an aggregate of $1.3 billion of authorized funds remaining under the 2018 stock repurchase program, as of the filing date of this annual report on form 10-k.
in addition, our board declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.18 per common stock to be paid on march 22, 2018 to stockholders of records as of the close of business on march 1, 2018. this reflects an increase of 80% compared to previous quarterly dividends. we intend to grow our dividend over time.
future share repurchases under the 2018 stock repurchase program will be subject to a review of the circumstances at that time and will be made from time to time in private transactions or open market purchases as permitted by securities laws and other legal requirements. our 2018 stock repurchase program may be discontinued at any time. additionally, the declaration and amount of any future cash dividends are at the discretion of the board of directors, or an authorized committee thereof, and will depend on our financial performance, economic outlook, and any other relevant considerations.
off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in item 303 (a)(4)(ii) of sec regulation s-k. it is not our business practice to enter into off-balance sheet arrangements. however, in the normal course of business, we enter into contracts consisting of guarantees of product and service performance, standby letters of credit for certain lease facilities and insurance programs. see guarantees below for additional information regarding our guarantees.
contractual obligations our principal commitments consist of obligations outstanding under operating leases, purchase commitments, debt, and other contractual obligations. the following table summarizes our principal contractual obligations as of december 31, 2017 and the effect such obligations are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flow in future periods (in millions):
payments due by period total            less than 1 year               1-3 years             3-5 years           more than 5 years operating leases(1)                                                      $139.7                   $36.1                     $48.1                 $26.7                     $28.8
other lease arrangement(2)                                                112.0                     9.8                      26.7                  28.4                      47.1
purchase commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers(1)         615.2                   603.5                      11.7                     -                         -
long-term debt(3)                                                       2,150.0                       -                     650.0                 300.0                   1,200.0
interest payment on long-term debt(3)                                     892.9                    94.0                     166.6                 125.6                     506.7
tax liability related to the tax act(4)                                   431.2                    37.2                      68.5                  68.5                     257.0
other contractual obligations(1)                                           94.8                    47.1                      38.5                   9.1                       0.1
total                                                                  $4,435.8                  $827.7                  $1,010.1                $558.3                  $2,039.7
_______________________________
(1)   see note 16, commitments and contingencies, in notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of part ii of this report for additional information regarding our contractual commitments.
(2)   lease arrangement is related to a data center lease agreement that we entered in to in july 2015. see note 16, commitments and contingencies, in notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of part ii of this report for further explanation on the lease agreement.
(3)   see note 10, debt and financing, in notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of part ii of this report for additional information regarding our debt.
(4)   see note 16, commitments and contingencies, in notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of part ii of this report for additional information regarding our tax liability related to the tax act.
as of december 31, 2017, we had $256.6 million included in long-term income taxes payable in the consolidated balance sheets for unrecognized tax positions. at this time, we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of payments related to this amount due to uncertainties in the timing of tax audit outcomes. as a result, this amount is not included in the table above.
57
revolving credit facility as of december 31, 2017, we have not borrowed any funds and we were in compliance with all covenants under our unsecured revolving credit facility that will expire in 2019, which enables borrowings up to $500.0 million, with the option to increase the amount of the credit facility by up to an additional $200.0 million. see note 10, debt and financing, in notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of part ii of this report for further information on our credit facility.
guarantees we have entered into agreements with customers that contain indemnification provisions relating to potential situations where claims could be alleged that our products solely, or in combination with other third party products, infringe the intellectual property rights of a third-party. as of december 31, 2017, we recorded $20.4 million for such indemnification obligations in other accrued liabilities and other long-term liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. we also have financial guarantees consisting of guarantees of product and service performance and standby letters of credit for certain lease facilities and insurance programs of $23.0 million and $6.0 million, as of december 31, 2017 and december 31, 2016, respectively.
liquidity and capital resources liquidity and capital resources may be impacted by our operating activities as well as acquisitions, investments in strategic relationships, repurchases of additional shares of our common stock, and payment of cash dividends on our common stock. as of december 31, 2017, 91% of our cash, cash equivalents, and investment balances were held outside of the u.s. following the enactment of the tax act, we plan to repatriate approximately $3.0 billion. we expect the new territorial tax system to provide us lower cost access to nearly all of our global free cash flow on an ongoing basis. free cash flow is calculated as net cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditures. we intend to use the repatriated cash to invest in the business, support value-enhancing merger and acquisitions, or m&a, and fund our return of capital to stockholders.
in august 2016, we filed an automatic shelf registration statement with the sec enabling us to offer for sale, from time to time, an unspecified amount of securities in one or more offerings and is intended to give us flexibility to take advantage of financing opportunities as needed or deemed desirable in light of market conditions. our 2019 notes and 2024 notes were issued under an automatic shelf registration statement that we filed in august 2013 pursuant to a prospectus supplement filed with the sec on february 24, 2016. our 2020 notes and 2025 notes were issued under an automatic shelf registration statement pursuant to a prospectus supplement filed with the sec on february 26, 2015, and our $350.0 million in principal amount of our 2024 notes, which form a single series and are fully fungible with our 2024 notes issued in 2016, were issued under an automatic shelf registration statement pursuant to a prospectus filed with the sec on february 28, 2014. any offerings of securities under our automatic shelf registration statement will be made pursuant to a prospectus. in addition, our revolving credit facility will also provide additional flexibility for future liquidity needs.
based on past performance and current expectations, we believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents, short-term, and long-term investments, together with cash generated from operations and access to capital markets and the revolving credit facility will be sufficient to fund our operations, planned stock repurchases and dividends, capital expenditures, commitments, and other liquidity requirements and anticipated growth for at least the next twelve months. however, our future liquidity and capital requirements may vary materially from those now planned depending on many factors, including, but not limited to, our growth rate, the timing and amount we spend to support development efforts, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, the introduction of new and enhanced products and services, the costs to acquire or invest in businesses and technologies, and the risks and uncertainties detailed in the "risk factors" section of item 1a of part i of this report.
58
