item 1a. risk factors in addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the risks described below, which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results. any of the following risks, as well as other risks and uncertainties, could harm our business and financial condition.
risks related to the proposed transaction with keurig our stockholders may not approve the transaction.
the completion of the transaction requires the stockholder approvals and we can provide no assurance that all required approvals will be obtained.
the regulatory approvals and any other required approvals in connection with the transaction may not be obtained on the proposed terms or on the anticipated schedule.
the completion of the transaction will depend upon a number of conditions being satisfied, including, among others, obtaining all regulatory approvals required to complete the transaction, including the expiration or early termination of the waiting periods under the hart-scott-rodino antitrust improvements act of 1976, as amended (the "hsr act") and any required foreign regulatory approvals, and the absence of any injunction prohibiting the transaction and absence of any legal requirements enacted by a court or other governmental entity since the date of the merger agreement that remain in effect prohibiting consummation of the transaction. we can provide no assurance that all required approvals will be obtained on the anticipated schedule, or at all.
the waiting period with respect to the notifications filed under the hsr act expires 30 calendar days after such filings, unless otherwise extended or terminated. the federal trade commission ("ftc") or department of justice ("doj") may effectively extend the statutory waiting period by requesting additional information regarding the transaction and its potential effects on competition. also, at any time before or after completion of the transaction, the ftc or the doj could act under the antitrust laws to prevent a substantial lessening of competition or the creation of a monopoly, including by seeking to enjoin completion of the transaction or seeking divestiture of our or keurig's assets, businesses or product lines.
the annual meeting of our stockholders at which the stockholder approvals will be considered may take place before all of the required regulatory approvals have been obtained and before all conditions to such approvals, if any, are known. in this event, if the stockholder approvals are obtained, we and maple parent may subsequently agree to conditions without further seeking stockholder approval, even if such conditions could have an adverse effect on us, maple parent or the combined company, except as required by applicable law.
the closing of the transaction is subject to many other conditions and if these conditions are not satisfied or waived, the transaction will not be completed.
in addition to regulatory and other required approvals, the closing of the transaction is subject to a number of conditions as set forth in the merger agreement that must be satisfied or waived, including the authorization of the listing on the nyse of the acquisition shares and, with respect to dps's obligation to close, the securing of debt financing for the transaction.
the closing of the transaction is also dependent on the accuracy of representations and warranties made by the parties to the merger agreement (subject to customary materiality qualifiers and other customary exceptions), the performance in all material respects by the parties of obligations imposed under the merger agreement, the absence of a material adverse effect on maple parent or us, the receipt of officer certificates by the other party certifying the satisfaction of the preceding conditions, receipt by maple parent of the tax opinion from mcdermott will & emery llp as to the tax treatment of the transaction, and receipt by us of the solvency opinion from our solvency advisor. in addition, it is a condition to our obligation to close under the merger agreement that the total indebtedness (other than relating to capital leases) of kdp (formerly dps), after giving effect to the transaction and the financings related thereto, does not exceed $16.9 billion in the aggregate. there can be no assurance as to whether or when the conditions to the closing of the transaction will be satisfied or waived or as to whether or when the transaction will be consummated.
any legal proceedings or governmental inquiries in connection with the transaction, the outcomes of which are uncertain, could delay or prevent the completion of the transaction.
in connection with the transaction, plaintiffs may file lawsuits against dps, maple parent and/or the directors and officers of either company. in addition, either company may face inquiries from governmental entities in connection with the transaction. although we believe any such lawsuits would be meritless, the outcome of such litigation or governmental inquiry is uncertain. such legal proceedings or governmental inquiries could also prevent or delay the completion of the transaction and result in additional costs to us.
12
dps stockholders will have a reduced ownership and voting interest after the transaction and will exercise less influence over management. dps stockholders currently have the right to vote in the election of the dps board and on other matters affecting dps.
upon the consummation of the transaction, each dps stockholder will remain a stockholder of dps with a percentage ownership of kdp following the transaction that is smaller than the stockholder's prior percentage ownership of dps. it is currently expected that the former stockholders of dps as a group immediately after the transaction will own approximately 13% of the outstanding shares of common stock of kdp, on a fully diluted basis. because of this, dps stockholders will have less influence on the management and policies of kdp than they now have on the management and policies of dps.
also see "-kdp will meet the requirements to be a "controlled company" within the meaning of the rules of the nyse and, as a result, will qualify for, and intends to rely on, exemptions from certain corporate governance standards, which limit the presence of independent directors on its board of directors or board committees."
following the transaction, the composition of the kdp board will be different than the composition of the current dps board.
upon consummation of the transaction, the composition of the kdp board will be different than the current dps board. the dps board currently consists of 9 directors. upon the consummation of the transaction, the kdp board will consist of 12 members:
•   eight directors will be appointed by maple parent's stockholders, including keurig's current chief executive officer;
•   two directors will be appointed by dps, including our current president and chief executive officer; and
•   two independent directors will be mutually agreed upon by maple parent and dps.
this new composition of the board of directors of kdp may affect the future decisions of kdp.
kdp will meet the requirements to be a "controlled company" within the meaning of the rules of the nyse and, as a result, will qualify for, and intends to rely on, exemptions from certain corporate governance standards, which limit the presence of independent directors on its board of directors or board committees.
following the transaction, approximately 87% of the outstanding common stock of kdp will be held by holders of the equity interests of maple parent, on a fully diluted basis, and approximately 13% will be held by the stockholders of dps, on a fully diluted basis.
as a result, kdp will be a "controlled company" for purposes of section 303a of the nyse listed company manual and will be exempt from certain governance requirements otherwise required by the nyse. under section 303a, a company of which more than 50% of the voting power is held by an individual, a group or another company is a "controlled company" and is exempt from certain corporate governance requirements, including requirements that (1) a majority of the board of directors consist of independent directors, (2) compensation of officers be determined or recommended to the board of directors by a majority of its independent directors or by a compensation committee that is composed entirely of independent directors, and (3) director nominees be selected or recommended for selection by a majority of the independent directors or by a nominating/corporate governance committee composed solely of independent directors. following the consummation of the transaction, kdp will continue to have an audit committee that is composed entirely of independent directors.
as a result, the procedures for approving significant corporate decisions could be determined by directors who have a direct or indirect interest in such decisions and kdp's stockholders will not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of other companies that are required to comply with the independence rules of the nyse.
the merger agreement may be terminated in accordance with its terms and the transaction may not be consummated. the merger agreement contains provisions that restrict the ability of the dps board to pursue alternatives to the transaction and to change its recommendation that dps stockholders vote for the stockholder approvals. in specified circumstances, dps could be required to pay maple parent a termination fee of up to $700 million.
the merger agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the effective time, whether before or after receipt of the approval of dps' stockholders or the effectiveness of the maple parent stockholder consent or merger sub stockholder consent, by the mutual written consent of the parties, by either maple parent or dps if stockholder or regulatory approvals are not obtained, or by maple parent or dps in connection with certain breaches of the merger agreement by dps or maple parent, respectively.
13
if the merger agreement is terminated by dps pursuant to accepting a superior acquisition proposal and entering into an alternative acquisition agreement, by maple parent if our board changes its recommendation to stockholders to approve the issuance of the acquisition shares and amendment to the certificate of incorporation, or by either dps or maple parent because the closing does not occur by october 29, 2018 and there is an acquisition proposal outstanding at the time of such termination and within twelve months of termination of the merger agreement dps consummates or enters into an agreement with respect to an acquisition proposal, dps shall pay to maple parent a termination fee in the amount of $700 million. if the merger agreement is terminated by dps because maple parent is unable to obtain required financing on the terms required by the merger agreement, maple parent shall pay to dps a reverse termination fee in the amount of $700 million.
failure to consummate the transaction could negatively impact dps and its future operations.
if the transaction is not consummated for any reason, dps may be subjected to a number of material risks. the price of shares of dps common stock may decline to the extent that its current market prices reflect a market assumption that the transaction will be consummated. in addition, some costs related to the transaction must be paid by dps whether or not the transaction is consummated. furthermore, dps may experience negative reactions from its stockholders, customers and employees in the event the transaction is not consummated. further, dps' management would have committed time, financial and other resources to matters relating to the transaction that could otherwise have been devoted to pursuing other beneficial opportunities for dps.
in addition, if the transaction is not completed, dps could be subject to litigation related to any failure to complete the merger or related to any enforcement proceeding commenced against us to perform our obligations under the merger agreement. the materialization of any of these risks could materially and adversely impact our ongoing business.
dps and keurig will be subject to business uncertainties and certain operating restrictions until consummation of the transaction.
uncertainty about the effect of the transaction on employees and customers may have an adverse effect on dps, keurig or kdp following the transaction. these uncertainties could disrupt our business or the business of keurig and cause customers, suppliers, vendors, partners and others that deal with us and keurig to defer entering into contracts with us and keurig or making other decisions concerning us and keurig or seek to change or cancel existing business relationships with us and keurig. retention and motivation of certain employees may be challenging during the pendency of the transaction due to uncertainty about their future roles and difficulty of integration. if key employees depart because of issues related to the uncertainty and difficulty of integration or a desire not to remain with kdp, kdp's business following the transaction could be negatively impacted. in addition, the merger agreement restricts dps from making certain acquisitions and investments and imposes certain other restrictions on the conduct of each party's business until the transaction occurs without the consent of keurig. these restrictions may prevent us from pursuing attractive business opportunities that may arise prior to the completion of the transaction.
the merger agreement contains restrictions on our ability to pursue other alternatives to the transaction.
the merger agreement contains non-solicitation provisions that, subject to limited exceptions, restrict our ability to initiate, solicit, knowingly encourage, induce or assist any inquiries or the making, submission, announcement or consummation of, proposals or offers that constitutes or could reasonably be expected to lead to any acquisition proposal. further, subject to limited exceptions, consistent with applicable law, the merger agreement provides that our board will not withhold, withdraw, qualify or modify (or publicly propose or resolve to withhold, withdraw, qualify or modify) in a manner adverse to maple parent its recommendation that our stockholders vote in favor of the stockholder approvals. although our board is permitted to take certain actions in response to a superior proposal or an intervening event if it determines that the failure to do so would be reasonably likely to be inconsistent with its fiduciary duties, doing so in specified situations could require us to pay to maple parent the termination fee.
such provisions could discourage a potential acquiror that might have an interest in making a proposal from considering or proposing any such transaction, even if it were prepared to pay consideration with a higher value to our stockholders than that to be paid in the transaction. there also is a risk that the requirement to pay the termination fee or expense payment to maple parent in certain circumstances may result in a potential acquiror proposing to pay a lower per share price to acquire us than it might otherwise have proposed to pay.
if our due diligence investigation of keurig was inadequate or if unexpected risks related to keurig's business materialize, it could have a material adverse effect on our stockholders' investment.
even though we conducted a due diligence investigation of keurig, we cannot be sure that our diligence surfaced all material issues that may be present inside keurig or its business, or that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of keurig and its business and outside of its control will not arise later. if any such material issues arise, they may materially and adversely impact the on-going business of kdp and our stockholders' investment.
14
risks related to the business of the combined company expected combination benefits from the transaction may not be fully-realized or realized within the expected time frame.
the ability of keurig and dps to realize the anticipated benefits of the transaction will depend, to a large extent, on kdp's ability to combine keurig's and dps' businesses in a manner that facilitates growth opportunities and realizes anticipated synergies, and achieves the projected stand-alone cost savings and revenue growth trends identified by each company. it is expected that kdp will benefit from operational and general and administrative cost synergies resulting from the warehouse and transportation integration, direct procurement savings on overlapping materials, purchasing scale on indirect spend categories and optimization of duplicate positions and processes. kdp may also enjoy revenue synergies, driven by a strong portfolio of brands with exposure to higher growth segments and the ability to leverage our collective distribution strength. in order to achieve these expected benefits, kdp must successfully combine the businesses of keurig and dps in a manner that permits these cost savings and synergies to be realized and must achieve the anticipated savings and synergies without adversely affecting current revenues and investments in future growth. if kdp experiences difficulties with the integration process or is not able to successfully achieve these objectives, the anticipated benefits of the transaction may not be realized fully or at all or may take longer to realize than expected.
the businesses of dps and keurig may not be integrated successfully or such integration may be more difficult, time-consuming or costly than expected. operating costs, customer loss and business disruption, including difficulties in maintaining relationships with employees, customers, clients or suppliers, may be greater than expected following the transaction. revenues following the transaction may be lower than expected.
the combination of two independent businesses is a complex, costly and time-consuming process. as a result, keurig and dps will be required to devote significant management attention and resources to combining their business practices and operations. this process may disrupt the businesses. the failure to meet the challenges involved in combining the two businesses and to realize the anticipated benefits of the transactions could cause an interruption of, or a loss of momentum in, the activities of kdp and could adversely affect the results of operations of kdp. the overall combination of keurig's and dps' businesses may also result in material unanticipated problems, expenses, liabilities, competitive responses, loss of customer and other business relationships and diversion of management attention. the difficulties of combining the operations of the companies include, among others:
•   the diversion of management attention to integration matters;
•   difficulties in integrating operations and systems, including intellectual property and communications systems;
•   challenges in conforming standards, controls, procedures and accounting and other policies, business cultures and compensation structures between the two companies;
•   difficulties in assimilating employees and in attracting and retaining key personnel;
•   challenges in keeping existing customers and obtaining new customers;
•   difficulties in achieving anticipated synergies, business opportunities and growth prospects from the combination;
•   difficulties in managing the expanded operations of a significantly larger and more complex company;
•   the transition of management of the combined company from dps' executive management team to keurig's executive management team who has limited experience with operating a lrb business;
•   integrating the companies' financial reporting and internal control systems, including compliance by the combined company with section 404 of the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002, as amended, and the rules promulgated by the sec;
•   the impact of the additional debt financing expected to be incurred in connection with the transaction;
•   contingent liabilities that are larger than expected; and
•   potential unknown liabilities, adverse consequences and unforeseen increased expenses associated with the transaction.
many of these factors are outside of the control of keurig and dps and/or will be outside the control of kdp, and any one of them could result in increased costs, decreased expected revenues and diversion of management time and energy, which could materially impact the business, financial condition and results of operations of kdp. in addition, even if the operations of the businesses of keurig and dps are combined successfully, the full benefits of the transaction may not be realized, including the synergies or sales or growth opportunities that are expected. these benefits may not be achieved within the anticipated time frame, or at all. further, additional unanticipated costs may be incurred in combining the businesses of keurig and dps. all of these factors could cause dilution to the earnings per share of kdp, decrease or delay the expected accretive effect of the transaction, and negatively impact the price of dps common stock. as a result, it cannot be assured that the combination of keurig and dps will result in the realization of the full benefits anticipated from the transaction within the anticipated time frames or at all.
15
if a credit rating downgrade below investment grade were to occur, dps may be required to purchase its outstanding notes and may be unable to do so.
dps has a substantial amount of debt outstanding, comprised of various series of outstanding notes. these notes generally require dps to offer to repurchase all outstanding senior unsecured notes of each series at 101% of the principal amount thereof plus, without duplication, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of repurchase should dps undergo a change of control and receive a credit rating downgrade below investment grade. because the transaction will constitute a change of control of dps, if any such series is rated below investment grade by moody's investors service, inc. ("moody's") and standard & poor's financial services llc ("s&p") within the first 60 days following the effectiveness of the transaction, dps will be required to offer to repurchase all outstanding senior unsecured notes of each such series at 101% of the principal amount thereof plus, without duplication, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of repurchase. dps may not have sufficient funds (including as a result of a failure to raise sufficient funds through the debt or equity markets) to finance a required repurchase of such senior unsecured notes by dps. the failure to finance or complete such an offer would place dps in default under the indentures governing the senior unsecured notes. additionally, if there is increased volatility or a disruption in the global capital and credit markets, it could impair dps's ability to access these markets for purposes of funding a required repurchase on commercially acceptable terms.
maple parent and dps will incur direct and indirect costs as a result of the transaction. maple parent and dps will incur substantial expenses in connection with and as a result of consummating the transaction.
a portion of the transaction costs related to the transaction will be incurred regardless of whether the transaction is consummated. while maple parent and dps have assumed that a certain level of transaction expenses will be incurred, factors beyond maple parent's and dps' control could affect the total amount or the timing of these expenses. many of the expenses that will be incurred, by their nature, are difficult to estimate accurately. these expenses may exceed the costs historically borne by maple parent and dps. these costs could adversely affect the financial condition and results of operations of maple parent and dps prior to the transaction and of kdp following the transaction.
the agreements that will govern the indebtedness to be incurred in connection with the transaction may contain various covenants that impose restrictions on kdp and certain of its subsidiaries that may affect its ability to operate its businesses.
the agreements that will govern the indebtedness to be incurred in connection with the transaction will contain various affirmative and negative covenants that may, subject to certain significant exceptions, restrict the ability of kdp and certain of its subsidiaries to incur debt and the ability of kdp and certain of its subsidiaries to, among other things, have liens on their property, and/or merge or consolidate with any other person or sell or convey certain of their assets to any one person, and engage in certain sale and leaseback transactions. the ability of kdp and its subsidiaries to comply with these provisions may be affected by events beyond their control. failure to comply with these covenants could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could accelerate its repayment obligations and could result in a default and acceleration under other agreements containing cross-default provisions. under these circumstances, kdp might not have sufficient funds or other resources to satisfy all of its obligations.
the transaction will expose us to risks inherent in the coffee and appliances business, and risks inherent in those geographies where keurig currently operates.
if consummated successfully, the transaction would represent a significant transformation of our existing business. upon completion of the transaction, we would be subject to a variety of risks associated with the coffee and small appliances business, in addition to those we already face in the lrb industry. these risks include changes in consumer preferences, volatility in the prices of raw materials, consumer perceptions of the brands, competition in the retail market place and other risks. in addition, we will be exposed to risks inherent in operating in geographies in which we have not operated in or have been less present in the past.
16
risks related to our current dps business we may not effectively respond to changing consumer preferences, trends, health concerns and other factors.
consumers' preferences can change due to a variety of factors, including the age and ethnic demographics of the population, social trends, negative publicity, economic downturn or other factors. for example, consumers are increasingly concerned about health and wellness, focusing on the caloric intake associated with regular csds, the use of artificial sweeteners in diet csds and the use of natural, organic or simple ingredients in lrb products. as such, the demand for csds has decreased as consumers have shifted towards ncbs, such as water, ready-to-drink teas and sports drinks. if we do not effectively anticipate these trends and changing consumer preferences and quickly develop new products or partner with an allied brand in that category in response, then our sales could suffer. developing and launching new products can be risky and expensive. we may not be successful in responding to changing markets and consumer preferences, and some of our competitors may be better able to respond to these changes, either of which could negatively affect our business and financial performance.
our distribution agreements with our allied brands could be terminated.
approximately 82% of our 2017 packaged beverages net sales of branded products came from our owned and licensed brands and our contract manufacturing, with the remaining from the distribution of third party brands such as, but not limited to, fiji mineral water, big red, bodyarmor, vita coco coconut water, arizona tea, core hydration, neuro drinks, high brew, hydrive energy drinks and sparkling fruit2o. we are subject to a risk of our allied brands, terminating their distribution agreements with us, which could negatively affect our business and financial performance. within each distribution agreement, we have certain protections in case the allied brands terminate the distribution agreements, including a one-time termination payment.
costs for commodities, such as raw materials and energy, may change substantially.
the principal raw materials we use in our products are aluminum cans and ends, glass bottles, pet bottles and caps, paperboard packaging, sweeteners, juice, fruit, water and other ingredients. the cost of such raw materials can fluctuate substantially. under many of our supply arrangements, the price we pay for raw materials fluctuates along with certain changes in underlying commodities costs, such as aluminum in the case of cans, natural gas in the case of glass bottles, resin in the case of pet bottles and caps, corn in the case of sweeteners and pulp in the case of paperboard packaging.
in addition, we use a significant amount of energy in our business. we are significantly impacted by changes in fuel costs due to the large truck fleet we operate in our distribution businesses and our use of third party carriers. additionally, conversion of raw materials into our products for sale uses electricity and natural gas.
price increases could exert pressure on our costs and we may not be able to effectively hedge or pass along any such increases to our customers or consumers. price increases we pass along to our customers or consumers could reduce demand for our products. such increases could negatively affect our business and financial performance. furthermore, price decreases in commodities that we have effectively hedged could also increase our cost of goods sold for mark-to-market changes in the derivative instruments.
new or proposed beverage taxes or regulations could impact our sales.
over the years, the federal, state and local governments of the u.s. and the federal government of mexico have imposed or attempted to impose indirect taxes on the manufacturing and/or the distribution of certain sugar-sweetened beverages, which are commonly referred to as a "beverage tax" or "sugar tax". these regressive taxes were primarily the result of concerns about the public health consequences and health care costs associated with obesity. as federal, state and local governments in the u.s., and foreign governments experience significant budget deficits, some lawmakers continue to single out beverages among a number of revenue-raising items. as such, federal, state, and other local and foreign governments could continue to seek to impose a beverage or sugar tax. additionally, local and regional governments and school boards have enacted, or have proposed to enact, regulations restricting the sale of certain types or sizes of soft drinks in municipalities and schools as a result of these concerns. any changes of regulations or imposed taxes may reduce consumer demand for our products or could cause us to raise our prices, both of which could have a material adverse effect on our profitability and negatively affect our business and financial performance.
if we do not successfully integrate and manage our acquired businesses or brands, our operating results may adversely be affected.
from time to time, we acquire businesses, such as bai brands, or brands to expand our beverage portfolio and distribution rights. we may incur unforeseen liabilities and obligations in connection with the acquisition, integration or management of the acquired businesses or brands and may encounter unexpected difficulties and costs in integrating them into our operating and internal control structures. we may also experience delays in extending our internal control over financial reporting to newly acquired businesses, which may increase the risk of failure to prevent misstatements in their financial records and in our consolidated financial statements. our financial performance depends in large part on how well we can manage and improve the performance of acquired businesses or brands. we cannot assure you, however, that we will be able to achieve our strategic and financial objectives for such acquisitions. if we are unable to achieve such objectives, our consolidated results could be negatively affected.
17
we depend on third party bottling and distribution companies for a portion of our business.
net sales from our beverage concentrates segment represent sales of beverage concentrates to third party bottling companies that we do not own. the beverage concentrates segment's operations generate a significant portion of our overall segment operating profit ("sop"). some of these bottlers, such as pepsico and coca-cola, are also our competitors. the majority of these bottlers' business comes from selling either their own products or our competitors' products. in addition, some of the products we manufacture are distributed by third parties. as independent companies, these bottlers and distributors make their own business decisions. they may have the right to determine whether, and to what extent, they produce and distribute our products, our competitors' products and their own products. they may devote more resources to other products or take other actions detrimental to our brands. in most cases, they are able to terminate their bottling and distribution arrangements with us without cause. we may need to increase support for our brands in their territories and may not be able to pass price increases through to them. their financial condition could also be adversely affected by conditions beyond our control, and our business could suffer as a result. deteriorating economic conditions could negatively impact the financial viability of third party bottlers. any of these factors could negatively affect our business and financial performance.
we depend on a small number of large retailers for a significant portion of our sales.
food and beverage retailers in the u.s. have been consolidating, resulting in large, sophisticated retailers with increased buying power. they are in a better position to resist our price increases and demand lower prices. they also have leverage to require us to provide larger, more tailored promotional and product delivery programs. if we and our bottlers and distributors do not successfully provide appropriate marketing, product, packaging, pricing and service to these retailers, our product availability, sales and margins could suffer. certain retailers make up a significant percentage of our products' retail volume, including volume sold by our bottlers and distributors. some retailers also offer their own private label products that compete with some of our brands. the loss of sales of any of our products by a major retailer could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial performance.
we operate in highly competitive markets.
the lrb industry is highly competitive and continues to evolve in response to changing consumer preferences. competition is generally based upon brand recognition, taste, quality, price, availability, selection and convenience. brand recognition can also be impacted by the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns and marketing programs, as well as our use of social media. we compete with multinational corporations with significant financial resources. our two largest competitors in the lrb market are coca-cola and pepsico, which represent approximately 42.4% of the u.s. lrb market by retail sales according to iri. we also compete against other large companies, including nestle, kraft foods and campbell soup. these competitors can use their resources and scale to rapidly respond to competitive pressures and changes in consumer preferences by introducing new products, changing their route to market, reducing prices or increasing promotional activities. as a bottler and manufacturer, we also compete with a number of smaller bottlers and distributors and a variety of smaller, regional and private label manufacturers, such as cott. smaller companies may be more innovative, better able to bring new products to market and better able to quickly exploit and serve niche markets. we also compete for contract manufacturing with other bottlers and manufacturers. we have lower exposure to non-premium bottled water and ready-to-drink coffee compared to the overall lrb market. in canada, mexico and the caribbean, we compete with many of these same international companies as well as a number of regional competitors.
if we are unable to compete effectively, our sales could decline. as a result, we would potentially reduce our prices or increase our spending on marketing, advertising and product innovation, which could negatively affect our business and financial performance.
determinations in the future that a significant impairment of the value of our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets has occurred could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
as of december 31, 2017, we had $10,022 million of total assets, of which approximately $7,342 million were goodwill and other intangible assets. intangible assets include both definite and indefinite-lived intangible assets in connection with brands, distribution rights and customer relationships. we conduct impairment tests on goodwill and all indefinite-lived intangible assets annually, as of october 1, or more frequently if circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. if the carrying amount of an intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. we recognized approximately $1 million in impairment charges for our aguafiel brand based upon our annual impairment analysis performed as of october 1, 2017. for additional information about these intangible assets, see "critical accounting estimates - goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets" and "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations," in item 7 and note 2 and note 4 to our audited consolidated financial statements included in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data," in this annual report on form 10-k.
18
the impairment tests require us to make an estimate of the fair value of our reporting units and other intangible assets. an impairment could be recorded as a result of changes in assumptions, estimates or circumstances, some of which are beyond our control. factors which could result in an impairment include, but are not limited to: (i) reduced demand for our products and/or the product category; (ii) higher commodity prices; (iii) lower prices for our products or increased marketing as a result of increased competition; (iv) significant disruptions to our operations as a result of both internal and external events; and (v) changes in our discount rates. since a number of factors may influence determinations of fair value of intangible assets, we are unable to predict whether impairments of goodwill or other indefinite-lived intangibles will occur in the future. any such impairment would result in us recognizing a non-cash charge in our consolidated statements of income, which could adversely affect our results of operations and increase our effective tax rate.
our total indebtedness, excluding capital lease obligations, could affect our operations and profitability.
we maintain levels of debt we consider prudent based on our actual and expected cash flows. as of december 31, 2017, our total indebtedness was $4,479 million.
this amount of debt could have important consequences to us and our investors, including requiring a portion of our cash flow from operations to make interest payments on this debt and increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions, which could impact our debt maturity profile.
while we believe we will have the ability to service our debt and will have access to additional sources of capital in the future if and when needed, that will depend upon our results of operations and financial position at the time, the then-current state of the credit and financial markets, and other factors that may be beyond our control.
in assessing our credit strength, credit rating agencies consider our capital structure and financial policies as well as our results of operations and financial position at that time. if our credit ratings were to be downgraded as a result of changes in our capital structure, changes in the credit rating agencies' methodology in assessing our credit strength, the credit agencies' perception of the impact of credit market conditions on our current or future results of operations and financial position or for any other reason, our cost of borrowing could increase.
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates in mexico and canada may adversely affect our operating results.
while our operations are predominately in the u.s., we are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk with respect to our sales, expenses, profits, assets and liabilities denominated in the mexican peso or the canadian dollar. we manage a small portion of our exposure to the canadian dollar and mexican peso for certain transactions utilizing derivative instruments and are not protected against most foreign currency fluctuations. as a result, our financial performance may be affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. moreover, any favorable or unfavorable impacts to gross profit, gross margin, income from operations or segment operating profit from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates are likely to be inconsistent year over year.
we depend on key information systems and third party service providers.
we depend on key information systems to accurately and efficiently transact our business, provide information to management and prepare financial reports. we rely on third party providers for a number of key information systems and business processing services, including hosting our primary data center and processing various benefit-related accounting and transactional services. these systems and services are vulnerable to interruptions or other failures resulting from, among other things, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, software, equipment or telecommunications failures, processing errors, computer viruses, other security issues or supplier defaults. security, backup and disaster recovery measures may not be adequate or implemented properly to avoid such disruptions or failures. any disruption or failure of these systems or services could cause substantial errors, processing inefficiencies, security breaches, inability to use the systems or process transactions, loss of customers or other business disruptions, all of which could negatively affect our business and financial performance.
as cybersecurity attacks continue to evolve and increase, our information systems could also be penetrated or compromised by internal and external parties intent on extracting confidential information, disrupting business processes or corrupting information. these risks could arise from external parties or from acts or omissions of internal or service provider personnel. such unauthorized access could disrupt our business and could result in the loss of assets, litigation, remediation costs, damage to our reputation and failure to retain or attract customers following such an event, which could adversely affect our business.
increases in our cost of benefits in the future could reduce our profitability.
our profitability is substantially affected by costs for employee health care, pension and other retirement programs and other benefits. in recent years, these costs have increased significantly due to factors such as increases in health care costs, increases in participants enrolled, declines in investment returns on pension assets and changes in discount rates used to calculate pension and related liabilities. these factors plus the enactment of the patient protection and affordable care act in march 2010 will continue to put pressure on our business and financial performance. although we actively seek to control increases in costs, there can be no assurance that we will succeed in limiting future cost increases, and continued upward pressure in costs could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial performance.
19
our financial results may be negatively impacted by recession, financial and credit market disruptions and other economic conditions.
changes in economic and financial conditions in the u.s., canada, mexico or the caribbean may negatively impact consumer confidence and consumer spending, which could result in a reduction in our sales volume and/or switching to lower price offerings. similarly, disruptions in financial and credit markets worldwide may impact our ability to manage normal commercial relationships with our customers, suppliers and creditors. these disruptions could have a negative impact on the ability of our customers to timely pay their obligations to us, thus reducing our cash flow, or the ability of our vendors to timely supply materials. additionally, these disruptions could have a negative effect on our ability to raise capital through the issuance of unsecured commercial paper or senior notes.
we could also face increased counterparty risk for our cash investments and our hedging arrangements. declines in the securities and credit markets could also affect our marketable securities and pension fund, which in turn could increase funding requirements.
litigation or legal proceedings could expose us to significant liabilities and damage our reputation.
we are party to various litigation claims and legal proceedings which may include employment, tort, real estate, commercial and other litigation. from time to time we are a defendant in class action litigation, including litigation regarding employment practices, product labeling, and wage and hour laws. plaintiffs in class action litigation may seek to recover amounts which are large and may be indeterminable for some period of time. we evaluate litigation claims and legal proceedings to assess the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes and estimate, if possible, the amount of potential losses. we will establish a reserve as appropriate based upon assessments and estimates in accordance with our accounting policies. we base our assessments, estimates and disclosures on the information available to us at the time and rely on legal and management judgment. actual outcomes or losses may differ materially from assessments and estimates. costs to defend litigation claims and legal proceedings and the cost of actual settlements, judgments or resolutions of these claims and legal proceedings may negatively affect our business and financial performance. any adverse publicity resulting from allegations made in litigation claims or legal proceedings may also adversely affect our reputation, which in turn could adversely affect our results of operations.
certain raw materials we use are available from a limited number of suppliers and shortages could occur.
some raw materials we use, such as aluminum cans and ends, glass bottles, pet bottles, sweeteners, fruit, juice and other ingredients, are sourced from industries characterized by a limited supply base. if our suppliers are unable or unwilling to meet our requirements, we could suffer shortages or substantial cost increases. changing suppliers can require long lead times. the failure of our suppliers to meet our needs could occur for many reasons, including fires, natural disasters, weather, manufacturing problems, disease, crop failure, strikes, transportation interruption, government regulation, political instability, cybersecurity attacks and terrorism. a failure of supply could also occur due to suppliers' financial difficulties, including bankruptcy. some of these risks may be more acute where the supplier or its plant is located in riskier or less-developed countries or regions. any significant interruption to supply or cost increase could substantially harm our business and financial performance.
substantial disruption to production at our manufacturing and distribution facilities could occur.
a disruption in production at our beverage concentrates manufacturing facility, which manufactures almost all of our concentrates, could have a material adverse effect on our business. in addition, a disruption could occur at any of our other facilities or those of our suppliers, bottlers or distributors. the disruption could occur for many reasons, including fire, natural disasters, weather, water scarcity, manufacturing problems, disease, strikes, transportation or supply interruption, government regulation, cybersecurity attacks or terrorism. alternative facilities with sufficient capacity or capabilities may not be available, may cost substantially more or may take a significant time to start production, each of which could negatively affect our business and financial performance.
we may fail to comply with applicable government laws and regulations.
we are subject to a variety of federal, state and local laws and regulations in the u.s., canada, mexico and other countries in which we do business. these laws and regulations apply to many aspects of our business including the manufacture, safety, labeling, transportation, advertising and sale of our products. see "regulatory matters" in item 1, "business," of this annual report on form 10-k for more information regarding many of these laws and regulations.
violations of these laws or regulations in the manufacture, safety, labeling, transportation and advertising of our products could damage our reputation and/or result in regulatory actions with substantial penalties. in addition, any significant change in such laws or regulations or their interpretation, or the introduction of higher standards or more stringent laws or regulations, could result in increased compliance costs or capital expenditures. for example, changes in recycling and bottle deposit laws or special taxes on soft drinks or ingredients could increase our costs. regulatory focus on the health, safety and marketing of food products is increasing. certain federal or state regulations or laws affecting the labeling of our products, such as california's "prop 65," which requires warnings on any product with substances that the state lists as potentially causing cancer or birth defects, are or could become applicable to our products.
20
weather, natural disasters, climate change legislation and the availability of water could adversely affect our business.
unseasonable or unusual weather, natural disasters or long-term climate changes may negatively impact the demand for our products, our ability to produce our products and the price or availability of raw materials, energy and fuel. unusually cool weather during the summer months may result in reduced demand for our products and have a negative effect on our business and financial performance.
there is growing political and scientific sentiment that increased concentrations of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere are influencing global weather patterns ("global warming"). concern over climate change, including global warming, has led to legislative and regulatory initiatives directed at limiting greenhouse gas ("ghg") emissions. for example, proposals that would impose mandatory requirements on ghg emissions continue to be considered by policy makers in the countries in which we operate. laws enacted that directly or indirectly affect our production, distribution, packaging, cost of raw materials, fuel, ingredients and water could all negatively impact our business and financial results.
we also may be faced with water availability risks. water is the main ingredient in substantially all of our products. climate change may cause water scarcity and a deterioration of water quality in areas where we maintain operations. the competition for water among domestic, agricultural and manufacturing users is increasing in the countries where we operate, and as water becomes scarcer or the quality of the water deteriorates, we may incur increased production costs or face manufacturing constraints which could negatively affect our business and financial performance. even where water is widely available, water purification and waste treatment infrastructure limitations could increase costs or constrain our operations.
our products may not meet health and safety standards or could become contaminated.
we have adopted various quality, environmental, health and safety standards. however, our products may not meet these standards or could become contaminated. a failure to meet these standards or contamination could occur in our operations or those of our bottlers, distributors or suppliers. this could result in expensive production interruptions, recalls, liability claims and negative publicity. moreover, negative publicity also could be generated from false, unfounded or nominal liability claims or limited recalls. any of these failures or occurrences could negatively affect our business and financial performance.
fluctuations in our effective tax rate may result in volatility in our operating results.
we are subject to income taxes in many u.s. and certain foreign jurisdictions. income tax expense includes a provision for uncertain tax positions. at any one time, many tax years are subject to audit by various taxing jurisdictions. as these audits and negotiations progress, events may occur that change our expectation about how the audit will ultimately be resolved. as a result, there could be ongoing variability in our quarterly and/or annual tax rates as events occur that cause a change in our provision for uncertain tax positions. in addition, our effective tax rate in any given financial statement period may be significantly impacted by changes in the mix and level of earnings or by changes to existing accounting rules, tax regulations or interpretations of existing law. in addition, tax legislation may be enacted in the future, domestically or abroad, that impacts our effective tax rate.
we may not be able to renew collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms, or we could experience strikes.
as of december 31, 2017, approximately 7,500 of our employees, many of whom are at our key manufacturing locations, were covered by collective bargaining agreements. these agreements typically expire every three to four years at various dates. we may not be able to renew our collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms or at all. this could result in strikes or work stoppages, which could impair our ability to manufacture and distribute our products and result in a substantial loss of sales. the terms of existing or renewed agreements could also significantly increase our costs or negatively affect our ability to increase operational efficiency.
our intellectual property rights could be infringed or we could infringe the intellectual property rights of others, and adverse events regarding licensed intellectual property, including termination of distribution rights, could harm our business.
we possess intellectual property that is important to our business. this intellectual property includes ingredient formulas, trademarks, copyrights, patents, business processes and other trade secrets. see "intellectual property and trademarks" in item 1, "business," of this annual report on form 10-k for more information. we and third parties, including competitors, could come into conflict over intellectual property rights. litigation could disrupt our business, divert management attention and cost a substantial amount to protect our rights or defend ourselves against claims. we cannot be certain that the steps we take to protect our rights will be sufficient or that others will not infringe or misappropriate our rights. if we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights, our brands, products and business could be harmed.
we also license various trademarks from third parties and license our trademarks to third parties. in some countries, other companies own a particular trademark which we own in the u.s., canada or mexico. for example, the dr pepper trademark and formula is owned by coca-cola in certain other countries. adverse events affecting those third parties or their products could affect our use of these trademarks or negatively impact our brands.
21
in some cases, we license products from third parties that we distribute. the licensor may be able to terminate the license arrangement upon an agreed period of notice, in some cases without payment to us of any termination fee. the termination of any material license arrangement could adversely affect our business and financial performance.
our facilities and operations may require substantial investment and upgrading.
we have an ongoing program of investment and upgrading in our manufacturing, distribution and other facilities. we expect to incur significant costs to upgrade or keep up-to-date various facilities and equipment or restructure our operations, including closing existing facilities or opening new ones. if our investment and restructuring costs are higher than anticipated or our business does not develop as anticipated to appropriately utilize new or upgraded facilities, our costs and financial performance could be negatively affected.
we could lose key personnel or may be unable to recruit qualified personnel.
our performance significantly depends upon the continued contributions of our executive officers and key employees, both individually and as a group, and our ability to retain and motivate them. our officers and key personnel have many years of experience with us and in our industry and it may be difficult to replace them. if we lose key personnel or are unable to recruit qualified personnel, our operations and ability to manage our business may be adversely affected. we do not have "key person" life insurance for any of our executive officers or key employees.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations you should read the following discussion in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. this discussion contains forward-looking statements that are based on management's current expectations, estimates and projections about our business and operations. our actual results may differ materially from those currently anticipated and expressed in such forward-looking statements as a result of various factors including the factors we describe under "special note regarding forward-looking statements", "risk factors" and elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k, including documents incorporated by reference.
references in the following discussion to "we", "our", "us", "dps" or "the company" refer to dr pepper snapple group, inc. and all entities included in our audited consolidated financial statements.
the periods presented in this section are the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, which we refer to as "2017", "2016" and "2015", respectively.
the following discussion does not reflect the company's expectations with respect to its business, operations and financial performance following the completion of the transaction. the transaction is expected to have a material effect on such business, operations and financial performance. accordingly, past performance may not be indicative of expected future results.
overview we are a leading integrated brand owner, manufacturer and distributor of non-alcoholic beverages in the u.s., canada and mexico with a diverse portfolio of flavored (non-cola) csds and ncbs, including ready-to-drink teas, juices, juice drinks, water and mixers. our brand portfolio includes popular csd brands such as dr pepper, canada dry, peñafiel, squirt, 7up, crush, a&w, sunkist soda and schweppes, and ncb brands such as snapple, hawaiian punch, mott's, clamato, bai, mr & mrs t mixers and rose's. our largest brand, dr pepper, is a leading flavored csd in the u.s. according to iri. we have some of the most recognized beverage brands in north america, with significant consumer awareness levels and long histories that evoke strong emotional connections with consumers.
we operate as an integrated brand owner, manufacturer and distributor through our three segments. we believe our integrated business model strengthens our route-to-market and provides opportunities for net sales and profit growth through the alignment of the economic interests of our brand ownership and our manufacturing and distribution businesses through both our dsd system and our wd delivery system. our integrated business model enables us to be more flexible and responsive to the changing needs of our large retail customers and allows us to more fully leverage our scale and reduce costs by creating greater geographic manufacturing and distribution coverage.
we operate primarily in the u.s., mexico and canada and we also distribute our products in the caribbean. in 2017, 90% of our net sales were generated in the u.s., 7% in mexico and the caribbean and 3% in canada.
uncertainties and trends affecting our business we believe the north american lrb market is influenced by certain key trends and uncertainties. some of these items, such as increased health consciousness and changes in consumer preferences and economic factors, have created category headwinds for a number of our products during recent years. the key trends and uncertainties that could affect our business include:
•   changes in consumer preferences. we are impacted by shifting consumer demographics and needs. we believe marketing and product innovations that target fast growing population segments, such as the hispanic community in the u.s., could drive market growth. additionally, as more consumers are faced with a busy and on-the-go lifestyle, sales of single-serve beverages could increase, which typically have higher margins.
•   allied brand relationships. allied brands could terminate their distribution agreements, primarily as a result of ownership changes of these brand companies.
•   volatility in the costs of raw materials. the costs of a substantial portion of the raw materials used in the beverage industry are dependent on commodity prices for resin, aluminum, diesel fuel, corn, apple juice concentrate, sucrose, natural gas and other commodities. we are also dependent on commodity prices for apples related to our applesauce production. commodity price volatility has, from time to time, exerted pressure on industry margins and operating results.
•   increased government regulation. government agencies, as a result of concerns about the public health consequences and health care costs associated with obesity, have been proposing and, in some cases, enacting new taxes or regulations on sugar-sweetened and diet beverages. any changes of regulations or imposed taxes could reduce demand and/or cause us to raise our prices.
28
•   increased health consciousness. consumers are increasingly becoming more concerned about health and wellness, focusing on caloric intake and sugar content in both regular csds and juices, the use of artificial sweeteners in diet csds and the use of natural, organic or simple ingredients in lrb products. we believe the main beneficiaries of this trend include bottled waters, naturally sweetened, low calorie drinks, all natural and organic beverages and ready-to-drink teas. our completion of the bai brands merger on january 31, 2017 will allow us to continue distribution and capture additional growth as a result of this key trend.
•   increased competition in the lrb market. a number of our competitors are large corporations with significant financial resources. these competitors can use their resources and scale to rapidly respond to competitive pressures and changes in consumer preferences by introducing new products, reducing prices or increasing promotional activities, which could reduce the demand for our products.
•   fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. we are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate variability in the expected future cash flows associated with certain third-party and intercompany transactions denominated in currencies other than our mexican and canadian entities' functional currencies. we use derivative instruments such as foreign exchange forward contracts to mitigate a portion of our exposure in these expected future cash flows to changes in foreign exchange rates. significant changes in these exchange rates will impact our results of operations.
•   product and packaging innovation. we believe brand owners and bottling companies will continue to create new products and packages, such as beverages with new ingredients and new premium flavors and innovative convenient packaging, that address changes in consumer tastes and preferences.
•   changing retailer landscape. as retailers continue to consolidate, we believe retailers will support consumer product companies that can provide an attractive portfolio of products, a strong value proposition and efficient delivery.
refer to item 1a, "risk factors" of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information about risks and uncertainties facing our company.
seasonality the beverage market is subject to some seasonal variations. our beverage sales are generally higher during the warmer months and also can be influenced by the timing of holidays as well as weather fluctuations.
segments as of december 31, 2017, we report our business in four operating segments:
•   the beverage concentrates segment reflects sales of the company's branded concentrates and syrup to third party bottlers primarily in the u.s. and canada. most of the brands in this segment are carbonated soft drink brands.
•   the packaged beverages excluding bai segment reflects sales in the u.s. and canada from the manufacture and distribution of finished beverages and other products, including sales of the company's own brands and third party brands, through both dsd and wd.
•   the bai segment reflects sales of bai brands finished goods to third party distributors, primarily in the u.s., as net sales to the packaged beverages excluding bai segment are eliminated in consolidation. refer to note 3 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the impact of bai brands merger on the company's net sales presented in the consolidated statements of income.
•   the latin america beverages segment reflects sales in the mexico, caribbean, and other international markets from the manufacture and distribution of concentrates, syrup and finished beverages.
the company has determined that packaged beverages excluding bai and bai, which have been identified as operating segments, meet the aggregation criteria under u.s. gaap. as such, these segments have been aggregated into one reportable segment, packaged beverages, based on similarities among the operating units including economic characteristics, the nature of the products and services, the nature of the production processes, the types or class of customer for their products and services, the methods used to distribute their products and services and the nature of the regulatory environment.
29
volume in evaluating our performance, we consider different volume measures depending on whether we sell beverage concentrates or finished beverages.
beverage concentrates sales volume in our beverage concentrates segment, we measure our sales volume in two ways: (1) "concentrate case sales" and (2) "bottler case sales." the unit of measurement for both concentrate case sales and bottler case sales equals 288 fluid ounces of finished beverage, the equivalent of 24 twelve ounce servings.
concentrate case sales represent units of measurement for concentrates sold by us to our bottlers and distributors. a concentrate case is the amount of concentrate needed to make one case of 288 fluid ounces of finished beverage. it does not include any other component of the finished beverage other than concentrate. our net sales in our concentrate businesses are based on our sales of concentrate cases.
although net sales in our concentrate businesses are based on concentrate case sales, we believe that bottler case sales are also a significant measure of our performance because they measure sales of packaged beverages into retail channels.
packaged beverages and latin america beverages sales volume in our packaged beverages and latin america beverages segments, we measure volume as case sales to customers. a case sale represents a unit of measurement equal to 288 fluid ounces of packaged beverage sold by us. case sales include both our owned brands and certain brands licensed to and/or distributed by us.
volume in bottler case sales in addition to sales volume, we measure volume in bottler case sales ("volume (bcs)") as sales of packaged beverages, in equivalent 288 fluid ounce cases, sold by us and our bottling partners to retailers and independent distributors. our contract manufacturing sales are not included or reported as part of volume (bcs).
bottler case sales and concentrates and packaged beverage sales volumes are not equal during any given period due to changes in bottler concentrates inventory levels, which can be affected by seasonality, bottler inventory and manufacturing practices and the timing of price increases and new product introductions.
30
results of operations executive summary - 2017 financial overview and recent developments
•   net income increased $229 million, driven primarily by the income tax benefits related to the impact of the recent federal tax law change and the adoption of the new accounting standard for stock-based compensation, partially offset by the impact of the bai brands merger, losses on early extinguishment of debt completed during the second and third quarter of 2017, and the unfavorable comparison to the gain on the extinguishment of a multi-employer pension plan withdrawal liability recorded in the prior year.
•   on december 22, 2017, the federal government enacted the legislation commonly referred to as the tax cuts and jobs act (the "tcja"). under the tcja, our u.s. federal statutory tax rate will be reduced from 35% to 21%, beginning in 2018, with some related business deductions and credits either reduced or eliminated. as a result, we have recognized an income tax benefit of $297 million, primarily driven by the revaluation of our deferred tax liabilities, which increased diluted earnings per share by $1.62 for the year ended december 31, 2017. beginning in 2018, we believe our effective tax rate will be approximately 26%-27%.
•   on january 31, 2017, we completed the bai brands merger. for the year ended december 31, 2017, the primary impacts of the bai brands merger decreased diluted earnings per share in total by $0.26.
the drivers of this change include:
◦   the interest expense associated with the financing to complete the bai brands merger, which decreased diluted earnings per share by $0.18 for the year ended december 31, 2017;
◦   the operations of bai brands, which decreased diluted earnings per share by $0.17 for the year ended december 31, 2017;
◦   the associated transaction and integration expenses, which decreased diluted earnings per share by $0.08 for the year ended december 31, 2017;
◦   the gain on the step-acquisition of bai brands, which increased diluted earnings per share by $0.10 for the year ended december 31, 2017; and
31
◦   the $21 million benefit as a result of the renegotiation of a manufacturing contract acquired during the bai brands merger, which increased diluted earnings per share by $0.07 for the year ended december 31, 2017.
the impact of the operations of bai brands includes:
◦   the incremental profit margin benefit we experienced in the year ended december 31, 2017 as the brand owner for bai brands;
◦   the acquired bai brands operations, which includes the shipments to third parties since the bai brands merger, partially offset by the $9 million initial profit in stock adjustment recorded during the first quarter of 2017 related to bai brands inventories; and
◦   the associated purchase accounting adjustments (refer to note 3 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for further information).
•   during the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015, we repurchased 4.4 million, 5.7 million, and 6.5 million shares of our common stock, respectively, valued at approximately $399 million in 2017, $519 million in 2016, and $521 million in 2015.
•   on january 5, 2018, the company acquired a 5.4% equity interest in core organics llc ("core") for $18 million.
•   on january 29, 2018, dps and keurig announced that the companies have entered into the merger agreement to create keurig dr pepper, a new beverage company of scale with a portfolio of iconic consumer brands and expanded distribution capability to reach virtually every point-of-sale in north america. under the terms of the merger agreement, which has been unanimously approved by our board, dps shareholders will receive $103.75 per share in a special cash dividend and retain their shares in dps.
•   during the first quarter of 2018, our board declared a dividend of $0.58 per share, which will be paid on april 12, 2018, to shareholders of record as of march 21, 2018.
references in the financial tables to percentage changes that are not meaningful are denoted by "nm."
year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016
consolidated operations the following table sets forth our consolidated results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016:
for the year ended december 31,
2017                                                                                                               2016             dollar          percentage
(dollars in millions, except per share data)          dollars           percent               dollars           percent             change              change net sales                                         $6,690            100.0   %             $6,440            100.0   %            $250                4   %
cost of sales                                      2,695             40.3                  2,582             40.1                 113                4
gross profit                                       3,995             59.7                  3,858             59.9                 137                4
selling, general and administrative expenses       2,556             38.2                  2,329             36.2                 227               10
other operating (income) expense, net                (51    )        (0.8   )                 (3    )           -                 (48    )          nm income from operations                             1,388             20.7                  1,433             22.3                 (45    )          (3   )
interest expense                                     164              2.5                    147              2.3                  17               12
loss on early extinguishment of debt                  62              0.9                     31              0.5                  31               nm other income, net                                     (8    )        (0.1   )                (25    )        (0.4   )              17               nm provision for income taxes                            95              1.4                    434              6.7                (339    )         (78   )
net income                                         1,076             16.1   %                847             13.2   %             229               27   %
effective tax rate                                   8.1    %          nm                   33.8    %          nm                  nm               nm volume (bcs). volume (bcs) increased 1% for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared with the year ended december 31, 2016. in the u.s. and canada, volume was 1% higher, and in mexico and the caribbean, volume increased 3% compared with the prior year. branded csd volume was 1% higher, while ncb volume increased 4% over the prior year.
32
in branded csds, canada dry increased 5% due to continued growth in the ginger ale category. peñafiel increased 5% due to distribution gains, increased promotional activity and product innovation, partially offset by increased competition, in our latin america beverages segment, and squirt increased 3%. schweppes also grew by 3% due to continued growth in the ginger ale category. these increases were partially offset by a 2% decline in 7up and a 2% decrease in a&w. our other csd brands were also 2% lower, led by rockstar as a result of the loss of distribution rights beginning in april 2017. dr pepper was flat compared to the year ago period as increases in our fountain business were fully offset by declines in ten and diet.
in branded ncbs, bai increased 99% driven by the acquired bai brands shipments to third parties since the bai brands merger and continued growth in our existing distribution as a result of distribution gains and product innovation. our growth allied brands gained 40% due primarily to distribution gains for bodyarmor, core and fiji, and product innovation for bodyarmor. clamato increased 3% compared with the year ago period. mott's grew 1% as growth in our sauce products were partially offset by declines in juice. these increases were partially offset by a 3% decline in snapple due to competitive headwinds, the de-emphasis on our value products, and lower promotional activity, partially offset by the launch of our new pet packaging for our 16 oz. bottles and the takes 2 to mango flavor innovation. our other ncb brands were 4% lower compared to the prior period, led by hawaiian punch and arizona.
net sales. net sales increased $250 million, or approximately 4%, for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared with the year ended december 31, 2016. the primary drivers of the increase in net sales included:
•   increase in shipments, excluding the loss of the rockstar distribution rights, which grew net sales by 2.0%;
•   favorable product and package mix, which increased net sales by 1.5%;
•   $64 million of acquired bai brands shipments to third parties since the bai brands merger, which raised net sales by 1.0%;
•   higher pricing and lower discounts as a result of a favorable comparison of the annual true-up of our estimated customer incentive liability, which increased net sales by 0.5%;
•   unfavorable segment mix, which reduced our net sales by 0.5%; and
•   the loss of the rockstar distribution rights, which lowered net sales by 0.5%.
gross profit. gross profit increased $137 million, or approximately 4%, for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared with the year ended december 31, 2016. gross margin was 59.7% for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the gross margin of 59.9% for the year ended december 31, 2016. the following drivers impacted the gross margin:
•   unfavorable product and package mix, which reduced our gross margin by 0.5%;
•   increase in our other manufacturing costs, which includes the impact of a $6 million default by a supplier of resin to our operations in mexico, reduced our gross margin by 0.4%.
•   the unfavorable change in our last-in, first-out ("lifo") inventory provision, driven primarily by apples, combined with higher commodity costs, led by packaging, reduced our gross margin by 0.4%;
•   unfavorable foreign currency effects, which decreased our gross margin by 0.1%; and
•   increase in our gross margin of 0.7% related to the incremental profit margin benefit we experienced as a result of becoming the brand owner for bai brands and the acquired bai brands shipments to third parties since the bai brands merger, partially offset by the $9 million initial profit in stock adjustment as a result of the bai brands merger recorded during the first quarter of 2017;
•   favorable segment mix, which raised our gross margin by 0.2%;
•   higher pricing and lower discounts as a primary result of a favorable comparison of the annual true-up of our estimated customer incentive liability, which raised our gross margin by 0.2%; and
•   ongoing productivity improvements, which increased our gross margin by 0.2%.
selling, general and administrative expenses. selling, general and administrative ("sg&a") expenses increased $227 million for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared with the prior year. the primary driver of the increase in sg&a expenses was the impact of the bai brands merger, which includes $114 million of acquired operating costs, primarily $59 million of marketing investments as well as people costs, and $20 million in transaction expenses. other drivers of the increase include higher people costs, driven by inflationary increases and additional frontline labor investment, a $31 million unfavorable comparison in the mark-to-market activity on commodity derivative contracts, and an $11 million increase in planned organic marketing investments. these increases were partially offset by lower incentive compensation.
33
the unfavorable mark-to-market comparison on commodity derivative contracts within sg&a expenses, which is included in unallocated corporate costs, was driven by no unrealized gains or losses for the year ended december 31, 2017, versus $31 million in unrealized gains in the year ago period.
other operating (income) expense, net. other operating (income) expense, net had a favorable change of $48 million due primarily to the $28 million gain on the step-acquisition of bai brands and the $21 million benefit as a result of the renegotiation of a manufacturing contract acquired during the bai brands merger. refer to note 3 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for further information.
income from operations. income from operations decreased $45 million to $1,388 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, due primarily to the increase in sg&a expenses, partially offset by the increase in gross profit and the favorable change in other operating (income) expense, net.
interest expense. interest expense increased $17 million for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared with the year ended december 31, 2016, due primarily to the higher average debt balance associated with the senior unsecured notes issued late in the fourth quarter of 2016 to fund the bai brands merger, partially offset by interest savings associated with the tender offer for the 6.82% senior notes due may 1, 2018 ("2018 notes") and the 7.45% senior notes due may 1, 2038 (the "2038 notes") during the second quarter of 2017 and the redemption of the remaining 2018 notes during the third quarter of 2017. these transactions were effectively refinanced by the issuance of other senior unsecured notes at a lower interest rate.
loss on early extinguishment of debt. in june 2017, we completed a tender offer on a portion of our 2038 notes and 2018 notes and retired, at a premium, an aggregate principal amount of $125 million of the 2038 notes and $63 million of the 2018 notes. the loss on early extinguishment of the 2038 and 2018 notes was $49 million, which was comprised of $62 million for the tender offer consideration, the early tender premium and write off of deferred financing costs, partially offset by a $13 million gain on the termination of an interest rate swap related to the 2038 notes.
in july 2017, we recognized a $13 million loss on early extinguishment of debt as we completed a redemption of our remaining 2018 notes and retired, at a premium, an aggregate principal amount of $301 million of the 2018 notes. the $13 million loss on early extinguishment of debt was comprised of the make-whole premium and write off of deferred financing costs.
in october 2016, we redeemed a portion of the 2018 notes and retired, at a premium, an aggregate principal amount of approximately $360 million with the proceeds from the issuance of our 2.55% senior notes due on september 15, 2026 (the "2026 notes"). the loss on early extinguishment of the 2018 notes, which primarily represented the redemption premium, was approximately $31 million.
other income, net. other income, net decreased $17 million for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared with the year ended december 31, 2016 as a result of the unfavorable comparison to a $21 million gain on the extinguishment of a multi-employer pension plan withdrawal liability recorded in the prior year.
effective tax rate. the effective tax rates for the year ended december 31, 2017 and 2016 were 8.1% and 33.8%, respectively. for the year ended december 31, 2017, the provision for income taxes included an income tax benefit of $297 million driven by the impact of the recent u.s. federal tax law change and an income tax benefit of $19 million due to the adoption of the new accounting standard for stock-based compensation. refer to note 5 and note 2 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for further information on the impact of the recent federal tax law change and adoption of the new accounting standard. for the year ended december 31, 2016, the provision for income taxes included an income tax benefit of $17 million driven primarily by a restructuring of the ownership of our canadian business.
34
results of operations by segment the following tables set forth net sales and sop for our segments for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, as well as the other amounts necessary to reconcile our total segment results to our consolidated results presented in accordance with u.s. gaap:
for the year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                                                                                     2017                  2016
segment results - net sales beverage concentrates                                                                                      $1,332                $1,284
packaged beverages                                                                                          4,871                 4,696
latin america beverages                                                                                       487                   460
net sales                                                                                                  $6,690                $6,440
for the year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                                                                                     2017                  2016
segment results - sop beverage concentrates                                                                                        $865                  $834
packaged beverages                                                                                            691                   771
latin america beverages                                                                                        62                    78
total sop                                                                                                   1,618                 1,683
unallocated corporate costs                                                                                   281                   253
other operating (income) expense, net                                                                         (51    )               (3    )
income from operations                                                                                      1,388                 1,433
interest expense, net                                                                                         161                   144
loss on early extinguishment of debt                                                                           62                    31
other income, net                                                                                              (8    )              (25    )
income before provision for income taxes and equity in (loss) earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries      $1,173                $1,283
beverage concentrates the following table details our beverage concentrates segment's net sales and sop for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016:
for the year ended december 31,      dollar               percentage
(in millions)             2017   2016                     change                   change net sales          $1,332                $1,284           $48                   4   %
sop                   865        834                           31               4
net sales. net sales increased $48 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared with the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase was due to higher pricing, a 2% increase in concentrate case sales and lower discounts primarily as a result of a favorable comparison of the annual true-up of our estimated customer incentive liability.
sop. sop increased $31 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared with the year ended december 31, 2016, primarily driven by an increase in net sales which was partially offset by higher sg&a expenses. the increase in sg&a expenses was primarily the result of a $13 million increase in marketing investments and higher people costs, partially offset by lower incentive compensation.
35
volume (bcs). volume (bcs) increased 1% for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared with the year ended december 31, 2016. canada dry and schweppes had gains of 4% and 2%, respectively, due to continued growth in the ginger ale category for both brands and the sparkling water category for canada dry. these increases were partially offset by decreases in a&w and 7up, which declined 2% and 1%, respectively, compared to the prior year. our other brands declined 1% in total, primarily as a result of discontinuing the distribution of country time in 2016. dr pepper was flat compared to the prior year driven by increases in our fountain business fully offset by declines in ten and diet.
packaged beverages the following table details our packaged beverages segment's net sales and sop for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016:
for the year ended december 31,   dollar            percentage
(in millions)             2017   2016                  change            change net sales          $4,871                $4,696        $175           4          %
sop                   691        771                   (80       )       (10     )
volume. branded csd volumes were flat for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared with the year ended december 31, 2016. canada dry increased 5% due to continued growth in the ginger ale category. this increase was fully offset by a 2% decrease in 7up, a 2% decline in a&w and a 2% decline in other csd brands. dr pepper was flat as growth in regular was fully offset by declines in ten and diet.
branded ncb volumes increased 4% for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared with the year ended december 31, 2016. bai increased 99% driven by the acquired bai brands shipments to third parties since the bai brands merger and continued growth in our existing distribution as a result of distribution gains and product innovation. our growth allied brands gained 40% due primarily to distribution gains for bodyarmor, core and fiji, and product innovation for bodyarmor. mott's increased 1% compared to the prior year as growth in our sauce products was partially offset by declines in juice. clamato increased 3%. these increases were partially offset as snapple declined 3% due to competitive headwinds, the de-emphasis on our value products, and lower promotional activity partially offset by the launch of our new pet packaging for our 16 oz. bottles and the takes 2 to mango flavor innovation. other ncb brands were 5% lower, led by rockstar, arizona and hawaiian punch. the decline in rockstar is due to the loss of distribution rights beginning in april 2017.
contract manufacturing increased 1% for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared with the year ended december 31, 2016.
net sales. net sales increased $175 million for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared with the year ended december 31, 2016. net sales increased due to favorable product and package mix, as a result of our ncbs, including our allied brands, $64 million in acquired bai brands shipments to third parties since the bai brands merger, and higher organic sales volumes. these increases were partially offset by the loss of the rockstar distribution.
sop. sop decreased $80 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared with the year ended december 31, 2016, as increases in sg&a expenses and cost of sales more than offset the increase in net sales.
cost of sales increased as a primary result of higher costs associated with product and package mix, as a result of our ncbs, including our allied brands, and an increase in costs associated with the acquired bai brands shipments to third parties since the bai brands merger and the initial $9 million profit in stock adjustment as a result of the bai brands merger. cost of sales was additionally impacted by the increase in other manufacturing costs and the unfavorable change in our lifo inventory provision. these increases were partially offset by the incremental profit margin benefit we experienced as a result of becoming the brand owner for bai brands and ongoing productivity improvements.
sg&a expenses increased driven primarily by the bai brands merger, which includes the acquired operating costs, primarily marketing and people costs, as well as transaction and integration expenses. sg&a expenses further increased due to higher people costs, driven by inflationary increases and additional frontline labor investment.
36
latin america beverages the following table details our latin america beverages segment's net sales and sop for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016:
for the year ended december 31,   dollar            percentage
(in millions)           2017   2016                change            change net sales          $487                $460        $27            6          %
sop                  62        78                  (16       )       (21     )
volume. sales volume increased 3% for the year ended december 31, 2017 as compared with the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase in sales volume was primarily driven by a 5% increase in peñafiel as a result of distribution gains, increased promotional activity and product innovation, partially offset by increased competition. squirt had a 2% gain due to increased sales to third party bottlers and product innovation. clamato increased 2% due to product innovation, distribution gains and increased promotional activity. our other brands increased approximately 3%, driven by crush.
net sales. net sales increased $27 million for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared with the year ended december 31, 2016. net sales increased as a result of increased sales volume and higher pricing, partially offset by unfavorable package and product mix, unfavorable foreign currency translation of $3 million and higher discounts.
sop. sop decreased $16 million for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared with the year ended december 31, 2016, driven by increases in cost of sales and sg&a expenses, partially offset by an increase in net sales.
cost of sales increased compared to the prior year as a result of higher commodity costs, led by packaging, increased costs associated with gains in sales volume, unfavorable foreign currency effects and the $6 million default by a supplier of resin to our operations in mexico during the third quarter of 2017. these increases were partially offset by favorable package and product mix.
sg&a expenses increased compared to the prior year as a result of higher people costs, increased logistic costs driven by higher rates and gains in sales volumes, and increases in other operating costs. these drivers were partially offset by the favorable comparison to the $4 million arbitration award related to our former mexican joint venture in the prior year and favorable foreign currency effects.
the impact of the net unfavorable foreign currency effects on costs of sales and sg&a expenses, totaled $8 million.
non-gaap financial information we report our financial results in accordance with u.s. gaap. however, we believe that certain non-gaap measures that reflect the way management evaluates the business may provide investors with additional information regarding our results, trends and ongoing performance on a comparable basis.
core results is defined as reported results adjusted for the unrealized mark-to-market impact of commodity derivatives and interest rate derivatives not designated as hedges in accordance with u.s. gaap and certain items that are excluded for comparison to prior year periods. management believes that core results provide a comparable basis to evaluate our results period over period, which is also used as the basis for incentive compensation for our employees.
the certain items excluded for the year ended december 31, 2017, are (i) the impact of transaction and integration expenses associated with the bai brands merger and (ii) restructuring charges associated with a limited workforce reduction, which will primarily be paid during 2018.
for the year ended december 31, 2017
reported             mark to market           workforce reduction costs            transition and integration expenses           core income from operations   $1,388               $(23          )          $3                                   $23                                           $1,391
37
year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015
consolidated operations the following table sets forth our consolidated results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015:
for the year ended december 31,
2016                                                                                                                                                                       2015             dollar          percentage
(dollars in millions, except per share data)                                                                   dollars           percent               dollars          percent             change              change net sales                                                                                                  $6,440            100.0   %             $6,282           100.0   %            $158                3   %
cost of sales                                                                                               2,582             40.1                  2,559            40.7                  23                1
gross profit                                                                                                3,858             59.9                  3,723            59.3                 135                4
selling, general and administrative expenses                                                                2,329             36.2                  2,313            36.8                  16                1
other operating (income) expense, net                                                                          (3    )           -                      7             0.1                 (10    )        (143   )
income from operations                                                                                      1,433             22.3                  1,298            20.7                 135               10
interest expense                                                                                              147              2.3                    117             1.9                  30               26
loss on early extinguishment of debt                                                                           31              0.8                      -               -                  31               nm other income, net                                                                                             (25    )        (0.4   )                 (1    )          -                 (24    )          nm income before provision for income taxes and equity in (loss) earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries       1,283             19.9                  1,184            18.8                  99               nm provision for income taxes                                                                                    434              6.7                    420             6.7                  14                3
net income                                                                                                    847             13.2                    764            12.2                  83               11   %
effective tax rate                                                                                           33.8    %          nm                   35.5    %         nm                  nm               nm volume (bcs). volume (bcs) increased 1% for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared with the year ended december 31, 2015. in the u.s. and canada, volume was 1% higher, and in mexico and the caribbean, volume increased 5%, compared with the prior year. both branded csd and ncb volume increased 1% compared to the prior year.
in branded csds, squirt increased 6% primarily driven by increased sales to third-party bottlers and product innovation in our latin america beverages segment and our hispanic strategy in the u.s. schweppes grew 8% reflecting distribution gains in our sparkling water and growth in the ginger ale category. dr pepper had gains of 1% driven primarily by increases in our fountain business. regular dr pepper increased compared to the prior year, which was partially offset by declines in diet. peñafiel increased 3% in our latin america beverages segment as a result of distribution gains, increased promotional activity and product innovation, partially offset by increased competition. crush grew 3% in the current year. these gains were partially offset by a 2% decline in our other csd brands compared to the prior year. canada dry, 7up, a&w and sunkist soda (our "core 4 brands") were flat compared to the prior year, driven by an 6% increase in canada dry fully offset by a 5% decline in 7up, a 2% decrease in a&w and a 1% decline in sunkist soda.
in branded ncbs, our water category increased 18% primarily due to incremental promotional activity behind bai primarily in our club channel, distribution gains for bai, fiji and core hydration, and an increase in aguafiel due to category growth in mexico. clamato increased 10% primarily due to increased promotional activity, distribution gains, and product innovation in our latin america beverages segment and increased promotional activity in the u.s.. these increases were partially offset by declines in hawaiian punch, mott's and our other ncb brands in total. hawaiian punch declined 6% due to category headwinds and higher pricing for our single-serve packages while mott's decreased 3% due to declines in the juice category and higher pricing for our single-serve packages, partially offset by gains in our sauce products. our other ncb brands in total declined 8%. snapple was flat compared to prior year.
net sales. net sales increased $158 million, or approximately 3%, for the year ended december 31, 2016, compared with the year ended december 31, 2015. the primary drivers of the increase in net sales included:
•   favorable product and package mix, which increased net sales by about 2.5%;
•   increase in shipments, which increased net sales by 1.0%;
•   higher pricing, which increased net sales by 1.0%;
•   unfavorable foreign currency translation of $79 million, which decreased net sales by 1.0%; and
•   unfavorable segment mix, which decreased net sales by 0.5%.
38
gross profit. gross profit increased $135 million, or approximately 4%, for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared with the year ended december 31, 2015. gross margin was 59.9% for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the gross margin of 59.3% for the year ended december 31, 2015. the following drivers impacted the gross margin:
•   favorable comparison in our mark-to-market activity on commodity derivative contracts, which increased our gross margin by 0.5%.
•   lower commodity costs, led by packaging, and the change in our lifo inventory provision, which increased our gross margin by 0.5%;
•   increase in our net pricing, which increased our gross margin by 0.4%;
•   ongoing productivity improvements, which increased our gross margin by 0.4%;
•   unfavorable product, package and segment mix, which decreased our gross margin by 0.7%;
•   unfavorable foreign currency effects, which decreased our gross margin by 0.3%; and
•   increase in our other manufacturing costs, which decreased our gross margin by 0.2%.
the favorable mark-to-market activity on commodity derivative contracts for the year ended december 31, 2016 was $21 million in unrealized gains versus $13 million in unrealized losses in the prior year.
sg&a expenses. sg&a expenses increased $16 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared with the prior year. the increase was primarily driven by higher people costs, a $4 million arbitration award related to our mexican joint venture, increased professional fees, a non-recurring charge of $4 million related to the transition of a certain employee benefit program and increases in other miscellaneous expenses. these increases were partially offset by lower logistics costs, driven by fuel rates, the impact of favorable foreign currency effects, which decreased sg&a expenses by $27 million, and a $23 million favorable comparison in the mark-to-market activity on commodity derivative contracts. for the year ended december 31, 2016, we recognized $31 million in unrealized gains related to the mark-to-market activity on commodity derivative contracts versus $8 million in unrealized gains in the year ago period.
other operating (income) expense, net. other operating (income) expense, net had a favorable change of $10 million due primarily to the favorable comparison related to the brand value impairment of garden cocktail recognized in the prior year and a $7 million gain on the step-acquisition of industria embotelladora de bebidas mexicanas ("iebm") and embotelladora mexicana de agua, s.a. de c.v. ("ema").
income from operations. income from operations increased $135 million to $1,433 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, due primarily to the increase in gross profit, the favorable change in other operating (income) expense, net and the decrease in depreciation and amortization, driven by certain fully depreciated fixed assets. these drivers were partially offset by the increase in sg&a expenses.
interest expense. interest expense increased $30 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared with the year ended december 31, 2015, primarily driven by:
•   $12 million of mark-to-market activity recorded during the fourth quarter of 2016 for four derivative instruments, as the hedging relationships between the four outstanding interest rate swaps and our 2.70% senior notes due november 15, 2022 were de-designated on october 1, 2016;
•   $5 million of amortization of deferred financing costs associated with the 364-day bridge loan facility (the "bridge facility");
•   higher average debt balance and higher average interest rates attributable to the issuance of our 3.40% senior notes due november 15, 2025 (the "2025 notes") and 4.50% senior notes due november 15, 2045 (the "2045 notes") during the fourth quarter of 2015; and
•   the issuance of the senior unsecured notes during the fourth quarter of 2016 for the bai brands merger.
loss on early extinguishment of debt. in october 2016, we redeemed a portion of the 2018 notes and retired, at a premium, an aggregate principal amount of approximately $360 million with the proceeds from the issuance of our 2.55% senior notes due on september 15, 2026 (the "2026 notes"). the loss on early extinguishment of the 2018 notes, which primarily represented the redemption premium, was approximately $31 million. there was no loss on early extinguishment of debt in 2015.
other income, net. other income, net increased $24 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared with the year ended december 31, 2015 driven primarily by a $21 million gain on the extinguishment of a multi-employer pension plan withdrawal liability.
39
effective tax rate. the effective tax rates for the year ended december 31, 2016 and 2015 were 33.8% and 35.5%, respectively. for the year ended december 31, 2016, the provision for income taxes included an income tax benefit of $17 million driven primarily by a restructuring of the ownership of our canadian business. the income tax benefit includes a valuation allowance release of $11 million.
results of operations by segment the following tables set forth net sales and sop for our segments for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, as well as the other amounts necessary to reconcile our total segment results to our consolidated results presented in accordance with u.s. gaap:
for the year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                                                                                     2016                  2015
segment results - net sales beverage concentrates                                                                                      $1,284                $1,241
packaged beverages                                                                                          4,696                 4,544
latin america beverages                                                                                       460                   497
net sales                                                                                                  $6,440                $6,282
for the year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                                                                                     2016                  2015
segment results - sop beverage concentrates                                                                                        $834                  $807
packaged beverages                                                                                            771                   709
latin america beverages                                                                                        78                    88
total sop                                                                                                   1,683                 1,604
unallocated corporate costs                                                                                   253                   299
other operating (income) expense, net                                                                          (3    )                7
income from operations                                                                                      1,433                 1,298
interest expense, net                                                                                         144                   115
loss on early extinguishment of debt                                                                           31                     -
other income, net                                                                                             (25    )               (1    )
income before provision for income taxes and equity in (loss) earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries      $1,283                $1,184
beverage concentrates the following table details our beverage concentrates segment's net sales and sop for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015:
for the year ended december 31,      dollar               percentage
(in millions)             2016   2015                     change                   change net sales          $1,284                $1,241           $43                   3   %
sop                   834        807                           27               3
net sales. net sales increased $43 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, compared with the year ended december 31, 2015. the increase was due to higher pricing, a 1% increase in concentrate case sales, favorable product mix and lower discounts. these drivers were partially offset by $3 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. the lower discounts were a result of a favorable comparison of the annual true-up of our estimated customer incentive liability partially offset by higher discounts driven by our fountain business.
40
sop. sop increased $27 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, compared with the year ended december 31, 2015, driven primarily by an increase in net sales partially offset by higher sg&a expenses. the increase in sg&a expenses was the result of a $6 million increase in planned marketing investments, higher people costs and increases in other operating costs.
volume (bcs). volume (bcs) increased 1% for the year ended december 31, 2016, compared with the year ended december 31, 2015. schweppes had gains of 8% driven by distribution gains in our sparkling water and growth in the ginger ale category. dr pepper increased 1%, driven primarily by our fountain business. regular dr pepper increased compared to the prior year, which was partially offset by declines in diet. our core 4 brands grew 1% compared to the prior year as a result of a 6% increase in canada dry, partially offset by a 6% decrease in 7up, a 3% decline in sunkist soda and a 2% decrease in a&w. crush increased 3% for the current year. these increases were partially offset by a 7% decline in our other brands.
packaged beverages the following table details our packaged beverages segment's net sales and sop for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015:
for the year ended december 31,      dollar               percentage
(in millions)             2016   2015                     change                   change net sales          $4,696                $4,544           $152                  3   %
sop                   771        709                           62               9
volume. sales volume was flat for the year ended december 31, 2016 as compared with the year ended december 31, 2015 as increases in our branded ncb volumes were fully offset by declines in our branded csd volumes and contract manufacturing.
branded csd volumes decreased 1% for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared with the year ended december 31, 2015. volume for our core 4 brands decreased 1%, led by a 4% decrease in 7up, a 3% decrease in a&w and a 1% decline in sunkist soda, partially offset by a 6% increase in canada dry. our other csd brands decreased 6%. the decreases were partially offset by a 5% gain in squirt. dr pepper was flat compared to the prior year as increases in regular were fully offset by declines in diet.
branded ncb volumes increased 2% for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared with the year ended december 31, 2015. our water category increased 23% primarily due to distribution gains for bai, fiji and core hydration, and incremental promotional activity behind bai primarily in our club channel. clamato and snapple increased 5% and 1%, respectively. our other ncb brands increased 3%, led by body armor and venom. these increases were partially offset by a 5% decline in hawaiian punch due to category headwinds and higher pricing for our single-serve packages and a 3% decrease in mott's due to declines in the juice category and higher pricing for our single-serve packages, partially offset by gains in our sauce products.
contract manufacturing decreased 3% for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared with the year ended december 31, 2015.
net sales. net sales increased $152 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared with the year ended december 31, 2015. net sales increased due to favorable product and package mix, as a result of our ncbs, including our allied brands, and higher pricing.
sop. sop increased $62 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, compared with the year ended december 31, 2015, as a result of an increase in net sales partially offset by increases in cost of sales and sg&a expenses. cost of sales increased due to higher costs associated with product mix, as a result of our ncbs, including our allied brands, partially offset by lower commodity costs, led by packaging, and ongoing productivity improvements. sg&a expenses increased due primarily to higher people costs, increased planned marketing investments, a non-recurring charge of $4 million related to the transition of a certain employee benefit program and increases in other operating costs. these increases were partially offset by reductions in our logistics costs, driven primarily by lower fuel rates, and lower incentive compensation.
41
latin america beverages the following table details our latin america beverages segment's net sales and sop for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015:
for the year ended december 31,   dollar         percentage
(in millions)           2016   2015                change         change net sales          $460                $497        $(37      )    (7      )%
sop                  78        88                  (10       )    (11     )
volume. sales volume increased 5% for the year ended december 31, 2016 as compared with the year ended december 31, 2015. the increase in sales volume was primarily driven by a 7% gain in squirt, due to increased sales to third party bottlers and product innovation. peñafiel increased 3% as a result of distribution gains, increased promotional activity and product innovation, partially offset by increased competition. clamato increased 20% due to increased promotional activity, distribution gains, and product innovation. aguafiel and crush increased 7% and 11%, respectively. our other brands increased approximately 1%. these increases were partially offset by a decline in 7up of 4%, driven by declines in puerto rico.
net sales. net sales decreased $37 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared with the year ended december 31, 2015. net sales decreased as a result of unfavorable foreign currency translation of $72 million, which was partially offset by increased sales volume and higher pricing.
sop. sop decreased $10 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared with the year ended december 31, 2015, driven by a decrease in net sales, partially offset by decreases in cost of sales and sg&a expenses. cost of sales decreased in the current year primarily as a result of favorable foreign currency effects, ongoing productivity improvements, and lower commodity costs, led by sweeteners and packaging, which were partially offset by higher costs associated with increased sales volumes. sg&a expenses decreased in the current year primarily due to favorable foreign currency effects, which were partially offset by higher people costs, a $4 million arbitration award related to our former mexican joint venture, increased professional fees, higher marketing investments, and increases in other operating costs. the impact of the favorable foreign currency effects, which decreased cost of sales and sg&a expenses, totaled $44 million.
liquidity and capital resources trends and uncertainties affecting liquidity customer and consumer demand for our products may be impacted by various risk factors discussed in item 1a, "risk factors", including recession or other economic downturn in the u.s., mexico and the caribbean or canada, which could result in a reduction in our sales volume. similarly, disruptions in financial and credit markets may impact our ability to manage normal commercial relationships with our customers, suppliers and creditors. these disruptions could have a negative impact on the ability of our customers to timely pay their obligations to us, thus reducing our cash flow, or the ability of our vendors to timely supply materials.
we believe that the following events, trends and uncertainties may also impact liquidity:
•   upon consummation of the transaction, we will incur substantial third party indebtedness;
•   our ability to issue unsecured commercial paper notes ("commercial paper") on a private placement basis up to a maximum aggregate amount outstanding at any time of $500 million, which has been limited to $200 million subject to keurig's approval upon execution of the merger agreement;
•   continued payment of dividends;
•   continued capital expenditures;
•   fluctuations in our tax obligations;
•   seasonality of our operating cash flows could impact short-term liquidity;
•   our integration of bai brands following completion of the bai brands merger;
•   future equity investments in allied brands; and
•   future mergers or acquisitions of regional bottling companies, distributors and/or distribution rights to further extend our geographic coverage.
42
financing arrangements refer to note 7 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for management's discussion of financing arrangements.
liquidity based on our current and anticipated level of operations, without giving effect to the transaction, we believe that our operating cash flows and cash on hand will be sufficient to meet our anticipated obligations for the next twelve months. to the extent that our operating cash flows are not sufficient to meet our liquidity needs, we may utilize amounts available under our financing arrangements, if necessary.
the following table summarizes our cash activity for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015:
for the year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                                  2017   2016                           2015
net cash provided by operating activities                $1,038              $961              $1,014
net cash used in investing activities                    (1,763   )          (189   )            (194   )
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities        (907   )   108                        (137   )
net cash provided by operating activities net cash provided by operating activities increased $77 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2016, primarily due to the impact of certain reconciling adjustments to net cash provided by operating activities, partially offset by a unfavorable change in working capital.
net cash provided by operating activities decreased $53 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2015, primarily due to our $35 million multi-employer pension plan settlement payment.
net cash used in investing activities
2017
cash used in investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2017 consisted primarily of cash paid in connection with our bai brands merger of $1,556 million and purchases of property, plant and equipment of $202 million.
2016
cash used in investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2016 consisted primarily of purchases of property, plant and equipment of $180 million, the step acquisition of iebm and ema of $15 million and an additional investment in ba sports nutrition, llc ("ba sports") of $6 million, partially offset by cash received in the step acquisition of iebm and ema of $17 million.
2015
cash used in investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2015 consisted primarily of purchases of property, plant and equipment of $179 million and investments in ba sports and bai brands of $20 million and $15 million, respectively, partially offset by $20 million of proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment.
43
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
2017
net cash used in financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2017 primarily consisted of:
•   the repayment of the company's 2018 notes and a portion of the 2038 notes of $562 million, which includes both the aggregate principal amounts of approximately $364 million of the 2018 notes and $125 million of the 2038 notes, as well as the tender offer premium of $60 million and the make whole premium of $13 million;
•   dividend payments of $414 million; and
•   stock repurchases of $399 million; which was partially offset by
•   the proceeds from the issuance of our 3.43% senior notes due june 15, 2027 (the "2027 notes") and our 4.50% senior notes due november 15, 2045 (the "2045 notes"), with an aggregate principal amount of $400 million and a premium of $16 million; and
•   the proceeds from the net issuance of commercial paper of $66 million.
2016
net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2016 primarily consisted of proceeds from our issuances of senior unsecured notes, partially offset by stock repurchases of $519 million and dividend payments of $386 million, the repayment at maturity of our 2.90% notes due january 15, 2016 of $500 million, and our partial redemption of our 2018 notes, which included $360 million for principal repayments and $31 million related to the redemption premium.
on september 16, 2016, we completed the issuance of $400 million aggregate principal amount of our 2026 notes.
on december 14, 2016, we issued an additional $1,550 million of senior unsecured notes consisting of $250 million aggregate principal amount of our 2.53% senior notes due november 15, 2021, 3.13% aggregate principal amount of our 3.13% senior notes due december 15, 2023, $500 million aggregate principal amount of our 2027 notes, and $400 million aggregate principal amount of our 4.42% senior notes due december 15, 2046.
2015
net cash used in financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2015 primarily consisted of stock repurchases of $521 million and dividend payments of $355 million, largely offset by proceeds from our issuance of senior unsecured notes.
on november 9, 2015, we completed the issuance of two tranches of senior unsecured notes, consisting of $500 million aggregate principal amount of our 3.40% senior notes due november 15, 2025 and $250 million aggregate principal amount of our 2045 notes.
debt ratings as of december 31, 2017, our debt ratings were as follows:
rating agency   long-term debt rating(1)   commercial paper rating   outlook   date of last change moody's         baa1                       p-2                       stable    may 18, 2011
s&amp;p         bbb+                       a-2                       stable    november 13, 2013
____________________________
(1)   subsequent to december 31, 2017, and as a result of the transaction, moody's and s&amp;p have changed their outlook. moody's has placed dps ratings under review for downgrade and s&amp;p has placed dps as creditwatch negative.
these debt and commercial paper ratings impact the interest we pay on our financing arrangements. a downgrade of one or both of our debt and commercial paper ratings could increase our interest expense and decrease the cash available to fund anticipated obligations.
capital expenditures capital expenditures were $202 million, $180 million, and $179 million for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
capital expenditures for the year ended december 31, 2017 primarily related to machinery and equipment, building and improvements, it investments, replacement of existing cold drink equipment, and our distribution fleet.
44
capital expenditures for the year ended december 31, 2016 primarily related to machinery and equipment, our distribution fleet, and costs associated with a new manufacturing plant in mexico.
capital expenditures for the year ended december 31, 2015 primarily related to machinery and equipment including production improvements in our mexico facilities, distribution fleet and buildings and improvements.
cash and cash equivalents as a result of the above items, cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents decreased $1,629 million since december 31, 2016 to $158 million as of december 31, 2017 primarily driven by the bai brands merger.
our cash balances are used to fund working capital requirements, scheduled debt and interest payments, capital expenditures, income tax obligations, dividend payments and repurchases of our common stock. cash generated by our foreign operations is generally repatriated to the u.s. periodically except when required to fund working capital requirements in those jurisdictions. foreign cash balances were $46 million and $51 million as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. we accrue tax costs for repatriation, as applicable, as cash is generated in those foreign jurisdictions.
acquisitions and investments we have shown a disciplined approach to strategic investments in certain allied brands to enhance our position in premium and high growth categories and strengthen our existing distribution partnerships. on january 31, 2017, we completed the bai brands merger. refer to note 3 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for additional information on the bai brands merger, other acquisitions and investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries.
we may continue to make future equity investments in allied brands and/or acquisitions of regional bottling companies, distributors and/or distribution rights to further extend our geographic coverage. any acquisitions may require additional funding for future capital expenditures and possibly restructuring expenses. refer to note 20 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for additional information on our subsequent investment in core.
total shareholder distributions our board declared aggregate dividends per share during the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 of $2.32, $2.12 and $1.92, respectively, and we continued common stock repurchases based upon authorizations from our board. the following chart details these payments during the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015.
refer to part ii, item 5 "market for registrant's common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities" of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information regarding these repurchases.
45
contractual commitments and obligations we enter into various contractual obligations that impact, or could impact, our liquidity. based on our current and anticipated level of operations, we believe that our proceeds from operating cash flows and cash on hand will be sufficient to meet our anticipated obligations. to the extent that our operating cash flows and cash on hand are not sufficient to meet our liquidity needs, we may utilize amounts available under our financing arrangements, if necessary. refer to note 7 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the senior unsecured notes payments described in this table.
the following table summarizes our contractual obligations and contingencies as of december 31, 2017:
payments due in year
(in millions)                                     total              2018              2019              2020              2021              2022            after 2022
senior unsecured notes(1)                    $4,225                $-              $250              $250              $500              $250              $2,975
commercial paper                                 66                66                 -                 -                 -                 -                   -
bai brands merger consideration(2)                7                 7                 -                 -                 -                 -                   -
capital leases(3)                               220                24                24                23                22                22                 105
operating leases(4)                             260                39                35                31                28                23                 104
purchase obligations(5)(6)                    1,002               645               159                96                36                28                  38
interest payments(7)                          1,986               141               142               135               134               117               1,317
payable to mondelēz international, inc.          22                 6                16                 -                 -                 -                   -
total                                        $7,788              $928              $626              $535              $720              $440              $4,539
____________________________
(1)   amounts represent payment for the senior unsecured notes issued by us. please refer to note 7 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for further information.
(2)   amount represents consideration for the bai brands merger held in the holdback liability that is fixed in amount and timing. please refer to note 3 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for further information.
(3)   amounts represent our contractual payment obligations for our lease arrangements classified as capital leases. these amounts exclude renewal options not yet executed but were included in the lease term to determine the capital lease obligation as the lease imposes a penalty on us in such amount that the renewal appeared reasonably assured at lease inception.
(4)   amounts represent minimum rental commitments under non-cancelable operating leases.
(5)   amounts represent payments under agreements to purchase goods or services that are legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including capital obligations and long-term contractual obligations. long-term contractual obligations include, but are not limited to, commodity commitments and marketing commitments including sponsorships. amounts exclude any gain or loss upon settlement of commodity derivative instruments. refer to note 8 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for further information.
(6)   subsequent to december 31, 2017, we executed a new arrangement that committed us to $253 million of additional purchase obligations over a six year term beginning in 2020.
(7)   amounts represent our estimated interest payments based on specified interest rates for fixed rate debt and the impact of interest rate swaps that effectively convert fixed interest rates to variable interest rates. amounts exclude any gain or loss upon settlement of related interest rate swaps. refer to note 8 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for further information.
amounts excluded from our table as of december 31, 2017, we had $10 million of non-current unrecognized tax benefits, related interest and penalties classified as a long-term liability. the table above does not reflect any payments related to these amounts as it is not possible to make a reasonable estimate of the amount or timing of the payment. refer to note 5 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for further information.
the total accrued benefit liability representing the underfunded position for pension and other postretirement benefit plans recognized as of december 31, 2017 was approximately $17 million. this amount is impacted by, among other items, funding levels, plan amendments, changes in plan assumptions and the investment return on plan assets. we did not include estimated payments related to our total accrued benefit liability in the table above.
the pension protection act of 2006 was enacted in august 2006 and established, among other things, new standards for funding of u.s. defined benefit pension plans. we generally expect to fund all future contributions with cash flows from operating activities. our international pension plans are generally funded in accordance with local laws and income tax regulations. we did not include our estimated contributions to our various single employer plans in the table above.
refer to note 6 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for further information regarding our single employer plans discussed above.
46
we have a deferred compensation plan where the assets are maintained in a rabbi trust and the corresponding liability related to the plan is recorded in other non-current liabilities. we did not include estimated payments related to the deferred compensation liability as the timing and payment of these amounts are determined by the participants and outside our control. refer to note 2 and note 6 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for further information.
in general, we are covered under conventional insurance programs with high deductibles or are self-insured for large portions of many different types of claims. our accrued liabilities for our losses related to these programs is estimated through actuarial procedures of the insurance industry and by using industry assumptions, adjusted for our specific expectations based on our claim history. as of december 31, 2017, our accrued liabilities for our losses related to these programs totaled approximately $94 million. refer to note 2 and note 14 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for further information. we did not include estimated payments related to our insurance liability in the table above.
off-balance sheet arrangements we currently participate in three multi-employer pension plans. in the event that we withdraw from participation in one of these plans, the plan will ultimately assess us a withdrawal liability for exiting the plan, and u.s. gaap would require us to record the withdrawal charge as an expense in our consolidated statements of income and as a liability on our consolidated balance sheets once the multi-employer pension withdrawal charge is probable and estimable. refer to note 6 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our multi-employer pension plans.
there are no other off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect on our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources other than letters of credit outstanding. refer to note 7 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding outstanding letters of credit.
critical accounting estimates the process of preparing our consolidated financial statements in conformity with u.s. gaap requires the use of estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses. critical accounting estimates are both fundamental to the portrayal of a company's financial condition and results and require difficult, subjective or complex estimates and assessments. these estimates and judgments are based on historical experience, future expectations and other factors and assumptions we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. the most significant estimates and judgments are reviewed on an ongoing basis and revised when necessary. we have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology we use to assess or measure our critical accounting estimates. we have identified the items described below as our critical accounting estimates. we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions we use in our critical accounting estimates. however, if actual results are not consistent with our estimates or assumptions, we may be exposed to gains or losses that could be material to our consolidated financial statements. see note 2 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for a discussion of these and other accounting policies.
47
description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   judgments and uncertainties                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       effect if actual results differ from assumptions goodwill and other indefinite lived intangible assets for goodwill and other indefinite lived intangible assets, we conduct tests for impairment annually, as of october 1, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable. we use present value and other valuation techniques to make this assessment. if the carrying amount of goodwill or an intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. for purposes of impairment testing we assign goodwill to the reporting unit that benefits from the synergies arising from each business combination and also assign indefinite lived intangible assets to our reporting units. we define reporting units as beverage concentrates, latin america beverages, and packaged beverages' three reporting units, dsd, wd and bai.                       for our detailed impairment analysis, we used an income based approach to determine the fair value of our assets, as well as an overall consideration of market capitalization and our enterprise value. these types of analyses contain uncertainties because they require management to make assumptions and to apply judgment to estimate industry and economic factors and the profitability of future business strategies. these assumptions could be negatively impacted by various risks discussed in "risk factors" in this annual report on form 10-k.   the carrying values of goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets as of december 31, 2017, were $3,561 million and $3,781 million, respectively.
the impairment test for indefinite lived intangible assets encompasses calculating a fair value of an indefinite lived intangible asset and comparing the fair value to its carrying value. if the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value, impairment is recorded. the impairment tests for goodwill include comparing a fair value of the respective reporting unit with its carrying value, including goodwill and considering any indefinite lived intangible asset impairment charges ("step 1"). if the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value, impairment is indicated and a second step ("step 2") analysis must be performed.                                                                                                                                                                                                       critical assumptions include revenue growth and profit performance, as well as an appropriate discount rate. discount rates are based on a weighted average cost of equity and cost of debt, adjusted with various risk premiums. for 2017, such discount rates ranged from 5.00% to 8.00%.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       as of october 1, 2017, we recorded a $1 million impairment charge for our aguafiel brand, which was the value acquired in the step-acquisition of iebm and ema in 2016. as of october 1, 2015, we recorded a $7 million impairment charge for our garden cocktail brand. we have not identified any other impairments in goodwill or other indefinite lived intangible assets during 2017, 2016 or 2015.
holding all other assumptions in the analysis constant, including the revenue and profit performance assumption, the effect of a 0.50% increase in the discount rate used to determine the fair value of the reporting units as of october 1, 2017 would not change our conclusion, except for bai.
as of january 1, 2018, the bai and wd reporting units were aggregated into one reporting unit for purposes of impairment testing. refer to note 20 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for further information about the change in our reporting units. as a result of this change, the bai sensitivity was not provided as it will no longer be measured as a separate reporting unit.
holding all other assumptions in the analysis constant, including the revenue and profit performance assumption, the effect of a 0.50% increase in the discount rate used to determine the fair value of our brands as of october 1, 2017 would reduce the fair value of our brands but would not change our conclusion except for bai. the result of this effect would impact the amount of headroom over the carrying value of our brands as follows (in millions):
fair value                                                                                                                                                                                                                              carrying value headroom percentage                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               result                                                                                                              +0.50%                                                                                                              result                                                                                                              +0.50%
potential impairment                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              $-                                                                                                                  $990                                                                                                                $-                                                                                                                  $1,073
0 - 10%                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           1,122                                                                                                               -                                                                                                                   1,073                                                                                                               -
11 - 20%                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          -                                                                                                                   -                                                                                                                   -                                                                                                                   -
21 - 50%                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          -                                                                                      919                                                                                                                                              -                                                                                      655
51 - 100%                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         1,011                                                                                                               -                                                                                      655                                                                                                                                              -
&gt;100%                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          16,508                                                                                                              14,943                                                                                                              1,971                                                                                                               1,971
$18,641                                                                                                             $16,852                                                                                                             $3,699                                                                                                              $3,699
furthermore, during 2018, if actual results do not achieve the revenue and profit performance assumptions used in our impairment analysis as of october 1, 2017, the bai brand could also become impaired.
revenue recognition we recognize revenue, net of the costs of our customer incentives, at the time risk of loss has been transferred to our customer.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             our customer incentives and marketing accrual methodology contains uncertainties because it requires management to make assumptions and to apply judgment to estimate our customer participation and volume performance levels which impact the expense recognition. our estimates are based primarily on a combination of known or historical transaction experiences. differences between estimated expenses and actual costs are normally insignificant and are recognized to earnings in the period differences are determined.                               a 10% change in the accrual for our customer incentives and marketing programs as of december 31, 2017, would have affected our net sales and sg&amp;a expenses by $27 million and $3 million for the year ended december 31, 2017.
accruals for customer incentives and marketing programs are established for the expected payout based on contractual terms, volume-based metrics and/or historical trends.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    further judgment is required to ensure the classification of the spend is correctly recorded as either a reduction from gross sales or advertising and marketing expense.
48
description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           judgments and uncertainties                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  effect if actual results differ from assumptions pension benefits we have several pension plans covering employees who satisfy age and length of service requirements. depending on the plan, pension benefits are based on a combination of factors, which may include salary, age and years of service.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               the calculation of pension plan obligations and related expenses is dependent on several assumptions used to estimate the present value of the benefits earned while the employee is eligible to participate in the plans.                                                                                                                                                                   the effect of a 1% increase or decrease in the weighted-average discount rate used to determine the pension benefit obligations for u.s. plans would change the benefit obligation as of december 31, 2017 by approximately a $25 million decrease and a $31 million increase, respectively. the effect of a 1% increase or decrease in the weighted-average discount rate used to determine the net periodic pension costs would change the costs for the year ended december 31, 2017 by approximately $2 million decrease and a $3 million increase, respectively. the effect of a 1% increase or decrease in the expected return on plan assets used to determine the net periodic pension costs would change the costs for the year ended december 31, 2017 by approximately $2 million.
our largest u.s. defined benefit pension plan, which is a cash balance plan, was suspended and the accrued benefit was frozen effective december 31, 2008. participants in this plan no longer earn additional benefits for future services or salary increases.                                                                                                                                                                                                                      the key assumptions we use in the actuarial methods to determine the plan obligations and related expenses include: (1) the discount rate used to calculate the present value of the plan liabilities; (2) retirement age and mortality; and (3) the expected return on plan assets. our assumptions reflect our historical experience and our best judgment regarding future performance.
employee benefit plan obligations and expenses included in our consolidated financial statements are determined from actuarial analyses based on plan assumptions, employee demographic data, years of service, compensation, benefits paid and employer contributions.                                                                                                                                                                                                               refer to note 6 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for further information about the key assumptions.
risk management programs we retain selected levels of property, casualty, workers' compensation, health and other business risks. many of these risks are covered under conventional insurance programs with high deductibles or self-insured retentions.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      we believe the use of actuarial methods to estimate our future losses provides a consistent and effective way to measure our self-insured liabilities. however, the estimation of our liability is judgmental and uncertain given the nature of claims involved and length of time until their ultimate cost is known.                                                                       we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the estimates or assumptions we use to calculate our self-insured liabilities as compared to prior periods. the final settlement amount of claims can differ materially from our estimate as a result of changes in factors such as the frequency and severity of accidents, medical cost inflation, legislative actions, uncertainty around jury verdicts and awards and other factors outside of our control.
accrued liabilities related to the retained casualty and health risks are calculated based on loss experience and development factors, which contemplate a number of variables including claim history and expected trends. these loss development factors are established in consultation with actuaries.                                                                                   a 10% change in our accrued liabilities related to the retained risks, net of associated receivables, as of december 31, 2017 would have affected income from operations by approximately $8 million for the year ended december 31, 2017.
income taxes we establish income tax liabilities to remove some or all of the income tax benefit of any of our income tax positions based upon one of the following: (1) the tax position is not "more likely than not" to be sustained, (2) the tax position is "more likely than not" to be sustained, but for a lesser amount, or (3) the tax position is "more likely than not" to be sustained , but not in the financial period in which the tax position was originally taken.              our liability for uncertain tax positions contains uncertainties because management is required to make assumptions and to apply judgment to estimate the exposures associated with our various tax positions.                                                                                                                                                                               our income tax returns, like those of most companies, are periodically audited by domestic and foreign tax authorities. these audits include questions regarding our tax positions, including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income among various tax jurisdictions. as these audits progress, events may occur that cause us to change our liability for uncertain tax positions.
we assess the likelihood of realizing our deferred tax assets. valuation allowances reduce deferred tax assets to the amount more likely than not to be realized.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     we base our judgment of the recoverability of our deferred tax asset primarily on historical earnings, our estimate of current and expected future earnings and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies.                                                                                                                                                                                to the extent we prevail in matters for which a liability for uncertain tax positions has been established, or are required to pay amounts in excess of our established liability, our effective tax rate in a given financial statement period could be materially affected. an unfavorable tax settlement generally would require use of our cash and may result in an increase in our effective tax rate in the period of resolution. a favorable tax settlement may be recognized as a reduction in our effective tax rate in the period of resolution.
if results differ from our assumptions, a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets may be increased or decreased which would impact our effective tax rate.
49
description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       judgments and uncertainties                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              effect if actual results differ from assumptions business combinations we record acquisitions using the purchase method of accounting. all of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded at fair value as of the acquisition date. the excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of the net tangible and intangible assets acquired is recorded as goodwill.             the application of the purchase method of accounting for business combinations requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions in the determination of the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, in order to properly allocate purchase price consideration between assets that are depreciated and amortized from goodwill. the fair value assigned to tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on management's estimates and assumptions, as well as other information compiled by management, including valuations that utilize customary valuation procedures and techniques. significant assumptions and estimates include, but are not limited to, the cash flows that an asset is expected to generate in the future, the appropriate weighted-average cost of capital, and the cost savings expected to be derived from acquiring an asset, if applicable.   if the actual results differ from the estimates and judgments used in these estimates, the amounts recorded in the financial statements may be exposed to potential impairment of the intangible assets and goodwill, as discussed in the goodwill and other indefinite lived intangible assets critical accounting estimate section.
effect of recent accounting pronouncements refer to note 2 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for management's discussion of the effect of recent accounting pronouncements.
