item 1a.   risk factors.
the following are what we believe to be the principal risks that could materially affect us and our businesses.
market and economic risks the homebuilding recovery has continued its progression; however, a downturn or decline in economic conditions could adversely affect our operations.
in fiscal 2017, we continued to experience a steadily improving housing market, and we saw increases in new sales contracts signed and homes delivered compared with the prior year. however, demand for new homes is sensitive to changes in economic conditions such as the level of employment, consumer confidence, consumer income, the availability of financing and interest rate levels. the prior economic downturn severely affected both the numbers of homes we could sell and the prices for which we could sell them. we cannot predict whether the recovery in the housing market will continue. if the recovery were
8
to slow or stop, or there were another economic downturn, the resulting decline in demand for new homes would negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition.
during the prior economic downturn, we had to take significant write-downs on the carrying values of land we owned and of option values. a future decline in land values could result in similar write-downs.
inventory risks are substantial for our homebuilding business. there are risks inherent in controlling, owning and developing land and if housing demand declines, we may own land or homesites we acquired at costs we will not be able to recover fully, or on which we cannot build and sell homes profitably. this is particularly true when entitled land becomes increasingly scarce, as it has recently, and the cost of purchasing such land may be relatively high. also, there can be significant fluctuations in the value of our owned undeveloped land, building lots and housing inventories related to changes in market conditions. as a result, our deposits for building lots controlled under option or similar contracts may be put at risk, we may have to sell homes or land for lower than anticipated profit margins or we may have to record inventory impairment charges with regard to our developed and undeveloped land and lots. when demand for homes fell during the most recent recession, we were required to take significant write-downs of the carrying value of our land inventory and we elected not to exercise many options to purchase land, even though that required us to forfeit deposits and write-off pre-acquisition costs. although we have reduced our exposure to costs of that type, a certain amount of exposure is inherent in our homebuilding business. if market conditions were to deteriorate significantly in the future, we could again be required to make significant write downs with regard to our land inventory, which would decrease the asset values reflected on our balance sheet and adversely affect our earnings and our stockholders' equity.
inflation may adversely affect us by increasing costs beyond what we can recover through price increases.
inflation can adversely affect us by increasing costs of land, materials and labor. in addition, significant inflation is often accompanied by higher interest rates, which have a negative impact on demand for our homes. in an inflationary environment, depending on homebuilding industry and other economic conditions, we may be unable to raise home prices enough to keep up with the rate of inflation, which would reduce our profit margins. although the rate of inflation has been low for the last several years, we currently are experiencing increases in the prices of labor and materials above the general inflation rate.
homebuilding, mortgage lending, real estate asset investing and multifamily rentals are very competitive industries, and competitive conditions could adversely affect our business or financial results.
homebuilding. the homebuilding industry is highly competitive. homebuilders compete not only for homebuyers, but also for desirable land, financing, raw materials, skilled management and labor resources. we compete in each of our markets with numerous national, regional and local homebuilders. we also compete with sellers of existing homes, including foreclosed homes, and with rental housing. these competitive conditions can reduce the number of homes we deliver, negatively impact our selling prices, reduce our profit margins, and cause impairments in the value of our inventory or other assets. competition can also affect our ability to acquire suitable land, raw materials and skilled labor at acceptable prices or other terms.
lennar financial services. our lennar financial services business competes with other mortgage lenders, including national, regional and local banks and other financial institutions. mortgage lenders who have greater access to low cost funds, superior technologies or different lending criteria than we do may be able to offer more attractive financing to potential customers than we can.
rialto. there are many firms and investment funds that compete with rialto in trying to acquire mortgage portfolios and other real estate related assets. at least some of the firms with which rialto competes, or will compete, for investment opportunities have a cost of funds or targeted investment returns that are lower than those of rialto or the funds it manages, and therefore those firms may be able to pay more for investment opportunities than would be prudent for rialto or the funds it manages. our rmf business competes with national and regional banks as well as smaller community banks within the various markets in which it operates and with non-bank lenders, many of which are far larger than rmf or have access to lower cost funds than does rmf.
lennar multifamily. our multifamily rental business competes with other multifamily apartment developers and operators at locations across the u.s. where we have investments in rental properties. we also compete in securing partners, equity capital and debt financing, and we compete for tenants with the large supply of already existing or newly built rental apartments, as well as with sellers of homes. these competitive conditions could negatively impact the ability of the ventures in which we are participating to find renters for the apartments they are building or the prices for which those apartments can be rented.
operational risks we may be subject to significant potential liabilities as a result of warranty and liability claims made against us.
9
as a homebuilder, we are subject in the ordinary course of our business to warranty and construction defect claims. we are also subject to claims for injuries that occur in the course of construction activities. we record warranty and other reserves for the homes we sell based on historical experience in our markets and our judgment of the qualitative risks associated with the types of homes we build. we have, and many of our subcontractors have, general liability, property, workers compensation and other business insurance. these insurance policies are intended to protect us against risk of loss from claims, subject to self-insured retentions, deductibles and coverage limits. however, it is possible that this insurance will not be adequate to address all warranty, construction defect and liability claims to which we are subject. additionally, the coverage offered and the availability of general liability insurance for construction defects are currently limited and policies that can be obtained are costly and often include exclusions based upon past losses those insurers suffered as a result of use of defective products in homes we and many other homebuilders built. as a result, an increasing number of our subcontractors are unable to obtain insurance, and we have in many cases had to waive our customary insurance requirements, which increases our and our insurers' exposure to claims and increases the possibility that our insurance will not be adequate to protect us against all the costs we incur.
products supplied to us and work done by subcontractors can expose us to risks that could adversely affect our business.
we rely on subcontractors to perform the actual construction of our homes, and in many cases, to select and obtain building materials. despite our detailed specifications and quality control procedures, in some cases, subcontractors may use improper construction processes or defective materials. defective products widely used by the homebuilding industry can result in the need to perform extensive repairs to large numbers of homes. the cost of complying with our warranty obligations may be significant if we are unable to recover the cost of repairs from subcontractors, materials suppliers and insurers.
we also can suffer damage to our reputation, and may be exposed to possible liability, if subcontractors fail to comply with applicable laws, including laws involving things that are not within our control. when we learn about possibly improper practices by subcontractors, we try to cause the subcontractors to discontinue them. however, we may not always be able to do that, and even when we can, it may not avoid claims against us relating to what the subcontractors already did.
supply shortages and risks related to the demand for skilled labor and building materials could increase costs and delay deliveries.
increased costs or shortages of skilled labor and/or lumber, framing, concrete, steel and other building materials could cause increases in construction costs and construction delays. during 2017, we experienced increases in the prices of some building materials and shortages of skilled labor in some areas. we generally are unable to pass on increases in construction costs to customers who have already entered into purchase contracts, as those contracts generally fix the price of the homes at the time the contracts are signed, which may be well in advance of the construction of the homes. sustained increases in construction costs may, over time, erode our margins, particularly if pricing competition or weak demand restricts our ability to pass additional costs of materials and labor on to homebuyers.
reduced numbers of home sales extend the time it takes us to recover land purchase and property development costs.
we incur many costs even before we begin to build homes in a community. depending on the stage of development a land parcel is in when we acquire it, these may include costs of preparing land, finishing and entitling lots, installing roads, sewers, water systems and other utilities, taxes and other costs related to ownership of the land on which we plan to build homes. if the rate at which we sell and deliver homes slows, or if we delay the opening of new home communities, we may incur additional pre-construction costs and it may take longer for us to recover our costs.
increased demand for homes could require us to increase our corporate credit line, and our inability to do that could limit our ability to take full advantage of market opportunities.
our business requires that we be able to finance the development of our residential communities. one of the ways we do this is with bank borrowings. at november 30, 2017, we had a $2.0 billion revolving credit facility with a group of banks (the "credit facility"), which includes a $403 million accordion feature, subject in part to additional commitments. if market conditions strengthen to the point that we need additional funding but we are not able to increase our credit facility or obtain funds from other types of financings, that could prevent us from taking full advantage of the enhanced market opportunities.
failure to comply with the covenants and conditions imposed by our credit facilities could restrict future borrowing or cause our debt to become immediately due and payable.
the agreement governing our credit facility (the "credit agreement") makes it a default if we fail to pay principal or interest when it is due (subject in some instances to grace periods) or to comply with various covenants, including covenants regarding financial ratios. in addition, our lennar financial services segment has warehouse facilities to finance its lending activities and our rialto segment has warehouse facilities to finance its mortgage origination activities. if we default under the credit agreement or our warehouse facilities, the lenders will have the right to terminate their commitments to lend and to require immediate repayment of all outstanding borrowings. this could reduce our available funds at a time when we are
10
having difficulty generating all the funds we need from our operations, in capital markets or otherwise, and restrict our ability to obtain financing in the future. further, rialto's 7.00% senior notes due 2018 (the "7.00% senior notes") contain restrictive covenants imposing operational and financial restrictions on our rialto segment, including restrictions that may limit rialto's ability to sell assets, pay dividends or make other distributions, enter into transactions with affiliates or incur additional indebtedness. in addition, if we default under the credit agreement or our warehouse facilities, it could cause the amounts outstanding under our senior notes to become immediately due and payable, which would have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial condition.
we have a substantial level of indebtedness, which may have an adverse effect on our business or limit our ability to take advantage of business, strategic or financing opportunities.
as of november 30, 2017, our consolidated debt, net of debt issuance costs, and excluding amounts outstanding under our credit facilities, was $6.9 billion. the indentures governing our senior notes do not restrict our incurrence of future secured or unsecured debt, and the agreement governing our credit facility allows us to incur a substantial amount of future unsecured debt. our substantial level of indebtedness increases the possibility that we may be unable to generate cash sufficient to pay the principal, interest or other amounts due on our indebtedness. further, the expected acquisition of calatlantic will make us responsible for calatlantic debt, which was $3.8 billion as of september 30, 2017. our reliance on debt to help support our operations exposes us to a number of risks, including:
•   we may be more vulnerable to general adverse economic and homebuilding industry conditions;
•   we may have to pay higher interest rates upon refinancing indebtedness if interest rates rise, thereby reducing our earnings and cash flows;
•   we may find it difficult, or may be unable to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate requirements that would be in our best long-term interests;
•   we may be required to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on our debt, reducing the cash flow available to fund operations and investments;
•   we may have reduced flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our businesses or the industries in which they are conducted;
•   we may have a competitive disadvantage relative to other companies in our industry that are less leveraged; and
•   we may be required to sell debt or equity securities or sell some of our core assets, possibly on unfavorable terms, in order to meet payment obligations.
our inability to obtain performance bonds could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows.
we often are required to provide surety bonds to secure our performance or obligations under construction contracts, development agreements and other arrangements. at november 30, 2017, we had outstanding surety bonds of $1.3 billion including performance surety bonds related to site improvements at various projects (including certain projects of our joint ventures) and financial surety bonds. although significant development and construction activities have been completed related to these site improvements, these bonds are generally not released until all development and construction activities are completed. our ability to obtain surety bonds primarily depends upon our credit rating, financial condition, past performance and similar factors, the capacity of the surety market and the underwriting practices of surety bond issuers. the ability to obtain surety bonds also can be impacted by the willingness of insurance companies to issue performance bonds for construction and development activities. if we are unable to obtain surety bonds when required, our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected.
our lennar financial services segment and rmf have warehouse facilities that mature between 2018 and 2019, and if we cannot renew or replace these facilities, we may have to reduce our mortgage lending and origination activities.
our lennar financial services segment has committed and uncommitted amounts under four warehouse repurchase credit facilities that totaled $1.5 billion as of november 30, 2017, all of which will mature between december 2017 and december 2018. subsequent to november 30, 2017, the warehouse repurchase credit facility due december 2017 was extended to december 2018. our lennar financial services segment uses these facilities to finance its mortgage lending activities until the mortgage loans it originates are sold to investors. in addition, rmf, the commercial mortgage lender in our rialto segment, has committed amounts under five warehouse repurchase credit facilities that totaled $1.2 billion as of november 30, 2017, all of which will mature between december 2017 and november 2018. subsequent to november 30, 2017, the warehouse credit facilities due december 2017 and january 2018 were extended to december 2019 and december 2018, respectively. rmf uses these facilities primarily to finance its mortgage origination activities. we expect these facilities to be renewed or replaced with other facilities when they mature. if we were unable to renew or replace these facilities on favorable terms or at all when they mature, that could seriously impede the activities of our lennar financial services segment and rmf, as applicable, which would have a material adverse impact on our financial results.
11
we conduct some of our operations through joint ventures with independent third parties and we can be adversely impacted by our joint venture partners' failures to fulfill their obligations or decisions to act contrary to our wishes.
in our homebuilding and lennar multifamily segments, we participate in joint ventures in order to help us acquire attractive land positions, to manage our risk profile and to leverage our capital base. in certain circumstances, joint venture participants, including us, are required to provide guarantees of obligations relating to the joint ventures, such as completion and environmental guarantees. if a joint venture partner does not perform its obligations, we may be required to bear more than our proportional share of the cost of fulfilling them. for example, in connection with our lennar multifamily business, and its joint ventures, we and the other venture participants have guaranteed certain obligations to complete construction of multifamily residential buildings at agreed upon costs, which could make us and the other venture participants responsible for cost over-runs. although all the participants in a venture are normally responsible for sharing the costs of fulfilling obligations of that type, if some of the venture participants are unable or unwilling to meet their share of the obligations, we may be held responsible for some or all of the defaulted payments. in addition, because we do not have a controlling interest in most of the joint ventures in which we participate, we may not be able to cause joint ventures to sell assets, return invested capital or take other actions when such actions might be in our best interest.
several of the joint ventures in which we participate will in the relatively near future be required to repay, refinance, renegotiate or extend their borrowings. if any of those joint ventures are unable to do this, we could be required to provide at least a portion of the funds the joint ventures need to be able to repay the borrowings and to conduct the activities for which they were formed, which could adversely affect our financial position.
the loss of the services of members of our senior management or a significant number of our operating employees could negatively affect our business.
our success depends to a significant extent upon the performance and active participation of our senior management, many of whom have been with the company for a significant number of years. if we were to lose members of our senior management, we might not be able to find appropriate replacements on a timely basis and our operations could be negatively affected. also, the loss of a significant number of operating employees and our inability to hire qualified replacements could have a material adverse effect on our business.
our access to capital and our ability to obtain additional financing could be affected by any downgrade of our credit ratings.
our corporate credit rating and ratings of our senior notes affect, among other things, our ability to access new capital, especially debt, and the costs of that new capital. a substantial portion of our access to capital is through the issuance of senior notes, of which we have more than $6.0 billion outstanding, net of debt issuance costs, and excluding rialto's 7.00% senior notes, as of november 30, 2017. further, the expected acquisition of calatlantic will make us responsible for calatlantic debt, which was $3.8 billion as of september 30, 2017. among other things, we rely on proceeds of debt issuances to pay the principal of existing senior notes when they mature. negative changes in the ratings of our senior notes could make it difficult for us to sell senior notes in the future and could result in more stringent covenants and higher interest rates with regard to new senior notes we issue.
we will have to replace a substantial amount of debt in fiscal year 2018.
we have a substantial amount of debt that matures in fiscal year 2018. we have $250 million of senior notes that mature in june 2018 and we will have to replace or renew a total of $2.6 billion of warehouse lines used by lennar financial services and rmf as they mature. in addition, assuming we complete the acquisition of calatlantic, based on balances as of september 30, 2017, calatlantic will have to offer to repurchase $258 million of convertible senior notes that otherwise will mature in 2019. calatlantic also has $575 million of senior notes and $223 million of convertible senior notes as of september 30, 2017 that mature in may 2018 (although the convertible senior notes are likely to be converted before they mature). additionally, we will have to replace a $750 million revolving credit facility currently maintained by calatlantic. we (including calatlantic) might have to raise as much as an additional $1.9 billion by december 2018 to replace the senior notes that will become due on or before that date. in january 2018, we commenced offers to exchange any and all of the outstanding $3.0 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes of calatlantic for up to the same aggregate principal amount of new notes issued by lennar. this includes the notes due in 2018. the new lennar notes will have the same maturities as the calatlantic notes for which they are exchanged, and therefore will not change the maturities of debt that will have to be repaid.
natural disasters and severe weather conditions could delay deliveries and increase costs of new homes in affected areas, which could harm our sales and results of operations.
many of our homebuilding operations are conducted in areas that are subject to natural disasters, including hurricanes, earthquakes, droughts, floods, wildfires and severe weather. the occurrence of natural disasters or severe weather conditions can delay new home deliveries, increase costs by damaging inventories and lead to shortages of labor and materials in areas affected by the disasters, and can negatively impact the demand for new homes in affected areas. if our insurance does not fully
12
cover business interruptions or losses resulting from these events, our results of operations could be adversely affected. in the third and fourth quarters of 2017, our homebuilding operation was disrupted due to impacts from hurricanes harvey and irma, which caused delays of 550 home deliveries that were pushed into fiscal 2018.
if our homebuyers are not able to obtain suitable financing, that would reduce demand for our homes and our home sales revenues.
most purchasers of our homes obtain mortgage loans to finance a substantial portion of the purchase price of the homes they purchase. while the majority of our homebuyers obtain their mortgage financing from lennar financial services, others obtain mortgage financing from banks and other independent lenders. the uncertainties in the mortgage markets and increased government regulation could adversely affect the ability of potential homebuyers to obtain financing for home purchases, thus preventing them from purchasing our homes. among other things, changes made by fannie mae, freddie mac and fha/va to sponsored mortgage programs, as well as changes made by private mortgage insurance companies, have reduced the ability of many potential homebuyers to qualify for mortgages. principal among these are higher income requirements, larger required down payments, increased reserves and higher required credit scores. in addition, there has been uncertainty regarding the future of fannie mae and freddie mac, including proposals that they reduce or terminate their role as the principal sources of liquidity in the secondary market for mortgage loans. it is not clear how, if fannie mae and freddie mac were to curtail their secondary market mortgage loan purchases, the liquidity they provide would be replaced. there is a substantial possibility that substituting an alternate source of liquidity would increase mortgage interest rates, which would increase the buyers' effective costs of paying for the homes we sell, and therefore could reduce demand for our homes and adversely affect our results of operations.
our lennar financial services segment can be adversely affected by reduced demand for our homes or by a slowdown in mortgage refinancings.
approximately 61% of the mortgage loans made by our lennar financial services segment in 2017 were made to buyers of homes we built. therefore, a decrease in the demand for our homes would adversely affect the revenues of this segment of our business. in addition, the revenues of our lennar financial services segment would be adversely affected by a continued decrease in refinance transactions, if mortgage interest rates continue to rise.
if our ability to sell mortgages into the secondary market is impaired, that could significantly reduce our ability to sell homes unless we are willing to become a long-term investor in loans we originate.
substantially all of the residential mortgage loans we originate are sold within a short period in the secondary mortgage market on a servicing released, non-recourse basis. if we became unable to sell loans into the secondary mortgage market or directly to fannie mae and freddie mac, we would have to either curtail our origination of residential mortgage loans, which among other things, could significantly reduce our ability to sell homes, or commit our own funds to long term investments in mortgage loans, which, in addition to requiring us to deploy substantial amounts of our own funds, could delay the time when we recognize revenues from home sales on our statements of operations.
we may be liable for certain limited representations and warranties we make in connection with sale of loans.
while substantially all of the residential mortgage loans we originate are sold within a short period in the secondary mortgage market on a servicing released, non-recourse basis, we remain responsible for certain limited representations and warranties we make in connection with such sales. mortgage investors currently are seeking to have us buy back mortgage loans or compensate them for losses incurred on mortgage loans that we have sold based on claims that we breached our limited representations or warranties. in addition, when our rialto segment sells loans to securitization trusts or other purchasers, it gives limited industry standard representations and warranties about the loans, which, if incorrect, may require it to repurchase the loans, replace them with substitute loans or indemnify persons for losses or expenses incurred as a result of breaches of representations and warranties. if we have significant liabilities with respect to such claims, it could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, and possibly our financial condition.
if real estate rialto acquires through foreclosures is not properly valued when it is acquired, we could be required to take valuation charge-offs, which would reduce our earnings.
when a loan is foreclosed upon and we take title to the property, we obtain a valuation of the property and base its book value on that valuation. the book value of the foreclosed property is periodically compared to its updated market value (or its updated market value less estimated selling costs if the foreclosed property is classified as held-for-sale), and a charge-off is recorded for any excess of the property's book value over its fair value. if the revised valuation we establish for a property proves to be too high, we may have to record additional charge-offs in subsequent periods. material charge-offs could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, and possibly even on our financial condition.
13
regulatory risks we may be adversely impacted by legal and regulatory changes.
we are subject with regard to almost all of our activities to a variety of federal, state and local laws and regulations. laws and regulations, and policies under or interpretations of existing laws and regulations, change frequently. our businesses could be adversely affected by changes in laws, regulations, policies or interpretations or by our inability to comply with them without making significant changes in our businesses.
we may be adversely impacted by laws and regulations directed at the financial industry.
new or modified regulations and related regulatory guidance focused on the financial industry may have adverse effects on aspects of our businesses. for example, in october 2014, final rules were promulgated under the dodd-frank wall street reform act that require mortgage lenders or third-party b-piece buyers to retain a portion of the credit risk related to securitized loans. we have determined that the rules do not affect our residential mortgage lending operations at this time; however, the rules may adversely impact our rmf subsidiary's commercial mortgage lending operations. the rules have been in effect for over a year; however, their long term impact is still undetermined. if, in the future, the rules cause a decrease the price of cmbs and/or a decrease in the overall volume of cmbs related loan purchases in the industry, this could negatively impact the financial results of our rmf business. in addition, if our residential mortgage lending operations became subject to these rules in the future, that would substantially increase the amount we would have to invest in our mortgage lending operations and increase our risks with regard to loans we originate and sell in the secondary mortgage market.
governmental regulations regarding land use and environmental matters could increase the cost and limit the availability of our development and homebuilding projects and adversely affect our business or financial results.
we are subject to extensive and complex laws and regulations that affect the land development, homebuilding and apartment development process, including laws and regulations related to zoning, permitted land uses, levels of density, building design, elevation of properties, water and waste disposal and use of open spaces. these regulations often provide broad discretion to the administering governmental authorities as to the conditions we must meet prior to development or construction being approved, if they are approved at all. we are also subject to determinations by governmental authorities as to the adequacy of water or sewage facilities, roads and other local services with regard to particular residential communities. new housing developments may also be subject to various assessments for schools, parks, streets and other public improvements. in addition, in many markets government authorities have implemented no growth or growth control initiatives. any of these can limit, delay, or increase the costs of land development or home construction.
we are also subject to a variety of local, state and federal laws and regulations concerning protection of the environment. in some of the markets where we operate, we are required by law to pay environmental impact fees, use energy-saving construction materials and give commitments to municipalities to provide infrastructure such as roads and sewage systems. we generally are required to obtain permits, entitlements and approvals from local authorities to commence and carry out residential development or home construction. these permits, entitlements and approvals may, from time-to-time, be opposed or challenged by local governments, environmental advocacy groups, neighboring property owners or other possibly interested parties, adding delays, costs and risks of non-approval to the process. violations of environmental laws and regulations can result in injunctions, civil penalties, remediation expenses, and other costs. in addition, some environmental laws impose strict liability, which means that we may be held liable for unlawful environmental conditions on property we own which we did not create.
we are also subject to laws and regulations related to workers' health and safety, and there are efforts to subject homebuilders like us to other labor related laws or rules, some of which may make us responsible for things done by our subcontractors over which we have little or no control. in addition, our residential mortgage subsidiary is subject to various state and federal statutes, rules and regulations, including those that relate to lending operations and other areas of mortgage origination and loan servicing. the impact of those statutes, rules and regulations can increase our homebuyers' costs of financing, and our cost of doing business, as well as restricting our homebuyers' access to some types of loans.
our obligation to comply with the laws and regulations under which we operate, and our need to ensure that our associates, subcontractors and other agents comply with these laws and regulations, could result in delays in construction and land development, cause us to incur substantial costs and prohibit or restrict land development and homebuilding activity in certain areas in which we operate. budget reductions by state and local governmental agencies may increase the time it takes to obtain required approvals and therefore may aggravate the delays we could encounter. government agencies also routinely initiate audits, reviews or investigations of our business practices to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations, which can cause us to incur costs or create other disruptions in our businesses that can be significant.
14
we can be injured by improper acts of persons over whom we do not have control.
although we expect all of our associates (i.e., employees), officers and directors to comply at all times with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, there may be instances in which subcontractors or others through whom we do business engage in practices that do not comply with applicable laws, regulations or governmental guidelines. when we learn of practices that do not comply with applicable laws or regulations, including practices relating to homes, buildings or multifamily rental properties we build or finance, we move actively to stop the non-complying practices as soon as possible and we have taken disciplinary action with regard to associates of ours who were aware of non-complying practices and did not take steps to address them, including in some instances terminating their employment. however, regardless of the steps we take after we learn of practices that do not comply with applicable laws or regulations, we can in some instances be subject to fines or other governmental penalties, and our reputation can be injured, due to the practices' having taken place.
we could be hurt by efforts to impose liabilities or obligations on persons with regard to labor law violations by other persons whose employees perform contracted services.
the homes we sell are built by employees of subcontractors and other contract parties. we do not have the ability to control what these contract parties pay their employees or the work rules they impose on their employees. however, various governmental agencies are trying to hold contract parties like us responsible for violations of wage and hour laws and other work related laws by firms whose employees are performing contracted for services. a recent national labor relations board ruling held that for labor law purposes a firm could under some circumstances be responsible as a joint employer of its contractors' employees. that ruling has been withdrawn. if it had not been withdrawn and had been upheld on appeal, it could have made us responsible for collective bargaining obligations of, and labor law violations by our subcontractors. governmental rulings that make us responsible for labor practices by our subcontractors could create substantial exposures for us in situations that are not within our control.
our ability to collect upon mortgage loans may be limited by the application of state laws.
our mortgage loans typically permit us to accelerate the debt upon default by the borrower. the courts of all states will enforce acceleration clauses in the event of a material payment default, subject in some cases to a right of the court to revoke the acceleration and reinstate the mortgage loan if a payment default is cured. the equity courts of a state, however, may refuse to allow the foreclosure of a mortgage or to permit the acceleration of the indebtedness in instances in which they decide that the exercise of those remedies would be inequitable or unjust or the circumstances would render an acceleration unconscionable.
further, the ability to collect upon mortgage loans may be limited by the application of state and federal laws. for example, nevada has enacted a law providing that if the amount an assignee of a mortgage note paid to acquire the note is less than the face amount of the note, the assignee cannot recover more through a deficiency action than the amount it paid for the note. if the nevada law is upheld, or similar laws are enacted in other jurisdictions, it could materially and adversely affect our ability and the ability of funds we manage to profit from purchases of distressed debt.
other risks our results of operations could be adversely affected if legal claims against us are not resolved in our favor.
in the ordinary course of our business, we are subject to legal claims by homebuyers, borrowers against whom we have instituted foreclosure proceedings, persons with whom we have land purchase contracts and a variety of other persons. we establish reserves against legal claims and we believe that, in general, legal claims will not have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. however, if the amounts we are required to pay as a result of claims against us substantially exceed the sums anticipated by our reserves, the need to pay those amounts could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations for the periods when we are required to make the payments. during fiscal 2017, we were required to make a significant payment, and make a significant charge against earnings, as a result of a litigation against us in a contract suit.
15
information technology failures and data security breaches could harm our business.
we rely extensively on information technology ("it") systems, including internet sites, data hosting facilities and other hardware and software platforms, some of which are hosted by third parties, to assist in conducting our businesses. our it systems, like those of most companies, may be vulnerable to a variety of interruptions, including, but not limited to, natural disasters, telecommunications failures, hackers, and other security issues. moreover, our computer systems, like those of most companies, are subjected to computer viruses or other malicious codes, and to cyber or phishing-attacks. although we have implemented administrative and technical controls and taken other actions to minimize the risk of cyber incidents and protect our information technology, computer intrusion efforts are becoming increasingly sophisticated, and even the enhanced controls we have installed might be breached. if our it systems cease to function properly, we could suffer interruptions in our operations. if our cyber-security is breached, unauthorized persons may gain access to proprietary or confidential information, including information about purchasers of our homes or borrowers from our mortgage lending subsidiaries. this could damage our reputation, expose us to claims, and require us to incur significant costs to repair or restore the security of our computer systems.
increases in the rate of cancellations of home sale agreements could have an adverse effect on our business.
our backlog reflects agreements of sale with our homebuyers for homes that have not yet been delivered. we have received a deposit from our home buyer for each home reflected in our backlog, and generally we have the right to retain the deposit if the homebuyer does not complete the purchase. in some cases, however, a homebuyer may cancel the agreement of sale and receive a complete or partial refund of the deposit for reasons such as state and local laws, the homebuyer's inability to obtain mortgage financing, his or her inability to sell his or her current home or our inability to complete and deliver the home within the specified time. if there is a downturn in the housing market, or if mortgage financing becomes even less available than it currently is, more homebuyers may cancel their agreements of sale with us, which would have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
our success depends on our ability to acquire land suitable for residential homebuilding at reasonable prices, in accordance with our land investment criteria.
there is strong competition among homebuilders for land that is suitable for residential development. the future availability of finished and partially finished developed lots and undeveloped land that meet our internal criteria depends on a number of factors outside our control, including land availability in general, competition with other homebuilders and land buyers for desirable property, inflation in land prices, zoning, allowable housing density, and other regulatory requirements. should suitable lots or land become less available, the number of homes we could build and sell could be reduced, and the cost of land could be increased, perhaps substantially, which could adversely impact our results of operations. our expected acquisition of calatlantic will substantially increase our supply of land that is suitable for residential development, but it will also substantially increase the rate at which we are building homes.
expansion of our services and investments into international markets through our rialto segment subjects us to risks inherent in international operations.
fund ii, of which our rialto segment owns an interest and for which it performs asset management services, owns an interest in a joint venture which holds real estate assets in spain. expansion of our services and investments in spain and any expansion into other international markets in the future, could result in operational problems not typically experienced in the united states. our activities outside the united states are subject to risks associated with doing business internationally, including fluctuations in currency exchange rates, the implementation of currency controls, material changes in a specific country's or region's political or economic conditions, differences in the legal and regulatory systems, reputational risks and cultural differences which may lead to competitive disadvantages, particularly due to our need to comply with u.s. anti-corruption laws. there also are tax consequences of doing business outside the u.s., both under u.s. tax laws and under the tax laws of the countries in which we do business.
we could suffer adverse tax and other financial consequences if we are unable to utilize our net operating loss ("nol") carryforwards.
at november 30, 2017, we had state tax nol carryforwards totaling $66.2 million that will expire between 2018 and 2036. at november 30, 2017, we had a valuation allowance of $6.4 million, primarily related to state nol carryforwards that are not more likely than not to be utilized due to an inability to carry back these losses in most states and short carryforward periods that exist in certain states. if we are unable to use our nols, we may have to record charges or reduce our deferred tax assets, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
16
there have been substantial changes to the internal revenue code, some of which could have an adverse effect on our business.
on december 22, 2017, the president signed into law the tax cuts and jobs act, which contains substantial changes to the internal revenue code, effective january 1, 2018, some of which could have an adverse effect on our business. among the possible changes that could make purchasing homes less attractive are (i) limitations on the ability of our homebuyers to deduct property taxes, (ii) limitations on the ability of our homebuyers to deduct mortgage interest, and (iii) limitations on the ability of our homebuyers to deduct state and local income taxes. although the rate at which we pay federal income tax will be reduced, this will require us to write down our deferred tax assets by approximately $70 million, which will negatively impact our results of operations in the first quarter of fiscal year 2018. lastly, the new law eliminates the ability to carry back any future nols and only allows for carryforwards, the utilization of which is limited to 80% of taxable income in a given carryforward year. this could affect the timing of our ability to utilize net operating losses in the future.
we experience variability in our operating results on a quarterly basis and, as a result, our historical performance may not be a meaningful indicator of future results.
we historically have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, variability in quarterly results. as a result of such variability, our short-term performance may not be a meaningful indicator of future results. our homebuilding business is seasonal in nature and generally reflects higher levels of new home order activity in our second fiscal quarter and increased deliveries in the second half of our fiscal year. our quarterly results of operations may continue to fluctuate in the future as a result of a variety of factors, including, among others, seasonal home buying patterns, the timing of home closings and land sales and weather-related problems.
we have a stockholder who can exercise significant influence over matters that are brought to a vote of our stockholders.
stuart miller, our chief executive officer and a director, has voting control, through personal holdings and holdings by family-owned entities, of class b, and to a lesser extent class a, common stock that enables mr. miller to cast approximately 39.0% of the votes that can be cast by the holders of all our outstanding class a and class b common stock combined. this percentage will be reduced to 33.1% by the issuance of shares in connection with the expected merger with calatlantic, but even that reduced percentage probably gives mr. miller the power to control the election of our directors and the approval of matters that are presented to our stockholders. mr. miller's voting power might discourage someone from seeking to acquire us or from making a significant equity investment in us, even if we needed the investment to meet our obligations or to operate our business. also, because of his voting power, mr. miller could be able to cause our stockholders to approve actions that are contrary to our other stockholders' desires.
the trading price of our class b common stock normally is lower than that of our class a common stock.
the only significant difference between our class a common stock and our class b common stock is that the class b common stock entitles the holders to ten votes per share, while the class a common stock entitles holders to only one vote per share. however, the trading price of the class b common stock on the new york stock exchange ("nyse") normally is substantially lower than the nyse trading price of our class a common stock. we believe this is because only a relatively small number of shares of class b common stock are available for trading, which reduces the liquidity of the market for our class b common stock to a point where many investors are reluctant to invest in it. the limited liquidity could make it difficult for a holder of even a relatively small number of shares of our class b common stock to dispose of the stock without materially reducing the trading price of the class b common stock.
changes in global or regional environmental conditions and governmental actions in response to such changes may adversely affect us by increasing the costs of or restricting our planned or future growth activities.
there is growing concern from many members of the scientific community and the general public that an increase in global average temperatures due to emissions of greenhouse gases and other human activities have caused, or will cause, significant changes in weather patterns and increase the frequency and severity of natural disasters. government mandates, standards or regulations intended to reduce greenhouse gas emissions or projected climate change impacts have resulted, and are likely to continue to result, in restrictions on land development in certain areas and increased energy, transportation and raw material costs, or cause us to incur compliance expenses that we will be unable fully to recover, which could reduce our housing gross profit margins and adversely affect our results of operations.
risks relating to the merger of calatlantic lennar has never done an acquisition as large as the expected merger with calatlantic although lennar has acquired a number of homebuilders through the years, and as recently as february 2017 it completed the acquisition of wci, a new york stock exchange listed homebuilder, lennar has never acquired a homebuilder, or any other type of company, as large as calatlantic. it is possible that techniques lennar has used in the past to integrate
17
operations of acquired companies and to realize cost savings and other operating and administrative benefits with regard to them, will not be as effective with regard to calatlantic as they were with regard to smaller companies.
the merger is subject to closing conditions and may not be completed on a timely basis, or at all. failure to complete the combination could have a significant adverse effect on us.
completion of the merger that will make calatlantic a wholly owned subsidiary of ours is subject to a number of conditions, including (i) the approval by our stockholders of the issuance of our class a and class b common stock as part of the merger consideration, and (ii) approval by the calatlantic stockholders of a proposal to adopt the merger agreement. this makes the timing of completion of the merger, or whether it will be completed at all, uncertain. either we or calatlantic can terminate the merger agreement if the merger is not consummated by may 31, 2018 (which can be extended under some circumstances to august 31, 2018). in addition, either the calatlantic board of directors or our board of directors can withdraw its recommendation that stockholders vote in favor of the merger if it determines that, because of an intervening event, failure to do so would be inconsistent with its fiduciary obligations, and calatlantic can in any event terminate the merger agreement in order to accept what its board determines to be a superior proposal that we do not at least match. if our board withdraws or negatively modifies its recommendation, calatlantic can terminate the merger agreement, in which case we would be required to pay calatlantic a termination fee of $178.7 million. in addition, if our stockholders fail to give the required stockholder approval or approvals, we will be required to reimburse calatlantic for its costs related to the merger up to $30 million. although we would be entitled to a $178.7 million termination fee if calatlantic's board withdraws or negatively modifies its recommendation or reimbursement of costs up to $30 million if calatlantic's stockholders fail to give the required stockholder approvals, our loss of anticipated benefits deriving from the merger is likely to be far greater than the termination fee or expense reimbursement we may receive.
if the merger is not completed by august 31, 2018, we will be required to redeem $1.2 billion of senior notes we sold in november 2017.
in november 2017, we sold a total of $1.2 billion of senior notes to raise funds with which, among other things, to pay the more than $1.16 billion that calatlantic stockholders will receive as merger consideration. if (x) consummation of the calatlantic merger does not occur on or before august 31, 2018, or (y) prior to august 31, 2018 we notify the trustee for the noteholders that we will not pursue consummation of the merger, we will be required to redeem all the outstanding senior notes for 101% of their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest.
we may not realize the expected benefits of the merger because of integration difficulties and other challenges.
the success of the calatlantic merger will depend in large part on our successfully integrating its and our personnel, operations, strategies, technologies and other components of the two companies' businesses following the completion of the calatlantic merger. we may fail to realize some or all of the anticipated benefits of the merger if the integration process takes longer than expected or is more costly than expected. in any event, we anticipate that the overall integration of calatlantic will be a time consuming and expensive process that, without proper planning and effective and timely implementation, could significantly disrupt our business.
any delay in completing the merger may reduce the benefits from the merger.
the calatlantic merger is subject to a number of conditions that may prevent or delay its completion. a delay in completing the merger would delay the time when we would begin to realize the benefits of the synergies that we expect the merger to produce.
the merger will significantly increase the ratio of our homebuilding debt to our total capital net of cash.
we will incur or become subject to a substantial amount of additional debt as a result of the merger. we have sold $1.2 billion of debt securities primarily to finance the more than $1.16 billion we will pay to calatlantic stockholders who exercise (or are deemed to exercise) an option to elect to receive cash instead of our stock as a result of the merger. in addition, the surviving corporation, which will be our wholly owned subsidiary, will become subject to calatlantic's debt, which at september 30, 2017 totaled $3.8 billion. we estimate that the merger will increase the ratio of our consolidated homebuilding debt to total capital, net of cash, from its november 30, 2017 level of 34.4% to a pro forma level of 45.5%. we anticipate being able to reduce the ratio to its pre-merger level by the end of fiscal 2019. however, to the extent cash flows of the combined companies are less than anticipated, we may not be able to reduce the ratio of our consolidated homebuilding debt to total capital, net of cash, to its pre-merger level until well after the end of fiscal 2019, if we are ever able to do that.
the merger will add a substantial amount of goodwill to our balance sheet.
since the price we will be deemed to have paid for the net assets of calatlantic for accounting purposes will depend on the value of our class a and class b common stock when the merger takes place, and neither those stock prices nor the value of the calatlantic assets we will acquire in the calatlantic merger will be known until the merger takes place, we will
18
not know until after the merger takes place the amount by which for accounting purposes we are deemed to pay will exceed the net value of the assets we receive and the liabilities our subsidiary assumes in the merger (i.e., the portion of the deemed purchase price that will be treated as goodwill). however, we estimate that if the value of our class a common stock at the time of the merger is $62.36 per share and the value of our class b common stock at the time of the merger is $49.47 per share, the respective closing prices of those shares on december 18, 2017, the merger would result in our adding approximately $3.4 billion to the goodwill carried on our balance sheet. if it is determined in the future that the profits generated by the assets acquired in the merger are not sufficient to justify that goodwill, we will have to write off some or all of it, and to charge the amount written off against our earnings.
the amount of the merger consideration we agreed to pay was influenced by our assumption that we will be able to achieve significant cost savings as a result of the merger.
our willingness to agree to the equity consideration and cash consideration reflected in the merger agreement was based in substantial part on an analysis by our management which concluded, among other things, that we would be able to accomplish substantial annual savings in selling, general and administrative costs and in operating costs following the calatlantic merger. although our management was previously able to achieve its anticipated cost savings with regard to homebuilding activities of wci, which we acquired in february 2017, calatlantic is much larger than wci or any other company we have ever acquired. if we are not able to accomplish significant cost savings with regard to development of the calatlantic properties, and with regard to some of the properties or companies we already own, we may not be able to generate sufficient merger-related profits to justify the cost of the merger to us.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with "selected financial data" and our audited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included elsewhere in this report.
special note regarding forward-looking statements this annual report on form 10-k contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. these statements concern expectations, beliefs, projections, plans and strategies, anticipated events or trends and similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. these forward-looking statements typically include the words "anticipate," "believe," "consider," "estimate," "expect," "forecast," "intend," "objective," "plan," "predict," "projection," "seek," "strategy," "target," "will" or other words of similar meaning. some of them are opinions formed based upon general observations, anecdotal evidence and industry experience, but that are not supported by specific investigation or analysis.
these forward-looking statements reflect our current views about future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. we wish to caution readers that certain important factors may have affected and could in the future affect our actual results and could cause actual results to differ significantly from what is anticipated by our forward-looking statements. the most important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: our inability to acquire land at anticipated prices; increases in operating costs, including costs related to real estate taxes, construction materials, labor and insurance; unfavorable outcomes in legal proceedings; anything that prevents the calatlantic transaction from taking place when expected; our inability to realize the anticipated synergy benefits from the calatlantic transaction; our inability to close a one-time transaction expected to take place in the first quarter of 2018; a downturn in the market for residential real estate; changes in general economic and financial conditions that reduce demand for our products and services, lower our profit margins or reduce our access to credit; the possibility that we will incur nonrecurring costs that affect earnings in one or more reporting periods; decreased demand for our lennar multifamily rental units or difficulty selling our rental properties; the possibility that the tax cuts and jobs act will have more negative than positive impact on us; the possibility that the benefit from our increasing use of technology will not justify its cost; increased competition for home sales from other sellers of new and resale homes; negative effects of increasing mortgage interest rates; our inability to reduce our homebuilding debt to our total capital net of cash; a decline in the value of our land inventories and resulting write-downs of the carrying value of our real estate assets; the failure of the participants in various joint ventures to honor their commitments; difficulty obtaining land-use entitlements or construction financing; natural disasters and other unforeseen events for which our insurance does not provide adequate coverage; the inability of rialto to sell mortgages it originates into securitizations on favorable terms; new laws or regulatory changes that adversely affect the profitability of our businesses; our inability to refinance our debt on terms that are acceptable to us; and changes in accounting conventions that adversely affect our reported earnings.
please see "item 1a-risk factors" of this annual report for a further discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties which could affect our future results. we undertake no obligation to revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of those statements or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events, except to the extent we are legally required to disclose certain matters in sec filings or otherwise.
outlook the housing market has been strong in 2017 and there continues to be a general sense of optimism in the market, with increased job creation across the country and wages have generally been moving higher. we believe lower unemployment, modest wage growth and consumer confidence should increase household formation, which drives families to purchase homes and to rent apartments. we believe that the generally strong, stable and improving economy, together with limited supply and production deficits from past years, have been and will continue to drive demand and pricing power in the upcoming spring selling season, even though that will be offset by land and construction cost increases. the recently passed tax cuts and jobs act has added additional momentum to the economic landscape. while there have been concerns about the new tax law on housing, initial readings and reviews are suggesting that it is generally stimulative to the economy. in addition, concerns about the reduction of the mortgage interest deduction, deductibility of real estate taxes and state and local taxes seem to be offset by overall optimistic momentum around economic stability and growth. for our typical buyer profile, we have found that the effect of the new tax law is generally positive at their income levels. additionally, the doubling of the standard deduction should help a new group of aspiring homeowners accumulate savings for a down payment to purchase a home and create personal financial stability.
fiscal 2017 was another excellent year for lennar, with revenues increasing 15% from 2016. our core homebuilding business continued to produce strong operating results as gross margins and operating margins were 22.1% and 12.9%, respectively. our home deliveries and new orders both increased 11% compared to fiscal 2016. our efficient everything's
24
included® manufacturing model helped mitigate the impact of a tight labor market and our focus on strategic innovation and higher volume helped to improve our s,g&a leverage. in addition, we ended the year with a strong sales backlog, up 17% in homes and 23% in dollar value, which gives us a strong start for fiscal 2018.
complementing our homebuilding business, we also had strong performances from our financial services and multifamily rental businesses during fiscal 2017. our financial services segment produced $155.5 million of pretax earnings compared to $163.6 million in 2016. the decrease was due to lower profitability in the segment's mortgage operations as a result of a decrease in refinance transactions, which led to both lower origination volume and profit per loan. this was partially offset by higher profit per transaction in the segment's title operations.
our multifamily rental business continued to grow during fiscal 2017, as it sold seven operating properties. with a $9.1 billion geographically diversified pipeline of multifamily product, this segment continues to grow while capitalizing on future development opportunities.
in fiscal 2018, our principal focus will be on the successful integration of the calatlantic merger, which is expected to close on february 12, 2018. the transaction is all about creating leadership and scale in the markets that we know best and with the product lines that have defined our companies for decades. with scale, we believe we can drive both synergies and efficiencies as we build best-of-class operating platforms in the most strategic markets in the country. we believe we can use technologies to innovate and improve our operations to drive down costs in our homebuilding operations.
in the first quarter of 2018, we expect to close on a strategic one-time, non-core, non rialto transaction that shifted from the fourth quarter of 2017. this will result in a profit that will benefit from the lower federal tax rate passed in december 2017.
we expect that our company's main driver of earnings will continue to be our homebuilding and financial services operations as we believe we are currently positioned to deliver between 32,000 and 32,500 homes in fiscal 2018, excluding the impact from the calatlantic merger. we are also focused on our multiple platforms including rialto and multifamily, as such ancillary businesses continue to mature and expand their franchises providing opportunities that we expect will enhance shareholder value. overall, we believe we are on track to achieve another year of strong profitability in fiscal 2018.
25
results of operations overview our net earnings attributable to lennar were $810.5 million, or $3.38 per diluted share ($3.38 per basic share) in 2017, $911.8 million, or $3.86 per diluted share ($4.05 per basic share) in 2016, and $802.9 million, or $3.39 per diluted share ($3.78 per basic share) in 2015. all earnings per share amounts have been retroactively adjusted for the class b stock dividend.
the following table sets forth financial and operational information for the years indicated related to our operations.
years ended november 30,
(dollars in thousands)                                                                     2017                  2016                  2015
lennar homebuilding revenues:
sales of homes                                                                 $11,035,299             9,558,517             8,335,904
sales of land                                                                      164,943               182,820               131,041
total lennar homebuilding revenues                                              11,200,242             9,741,337             8,466,945
lennar homebuilding costs and expenses:
costs of homes sold                                                              8,601,346             7,362,853             6,332,850
costs of land sold                                                                 135,075               138,111               100,939
selling, general and administrative                                              1,015,848               898,917               831,050
total lennar homebuilding costs and expenses                                     9,752,269             8,399,881             7,264,839
lennar homebuilding operating margins                                            1,447,973             1,341,456             1,202,106
lennar homebuilding equity in earnings (loss) from unconsolidated entities         (61,708    )          (49,275   )            63,373
lennar homebuilding other income, net                                               22,774                52,751                 6,162
lennar homebuilding loss due to litigation                                        (140,000    )                -                     -
lennar homebuilding operating earnings                                          $1,269,039             1,344,932             1,271,641
lennar financial services revenues                                                $770,109               687,255               620,527
lennar financial services costs and expenses                                       614,585               523,638               492,732
lennar financial services operating earnings                                      $155,524               163,617               127,795
rialto revenues                                                                   $281,243               233,966               221,923
rialto costs and expenses                                                          247,549               229,769               222,875
rialto equity in earnings from unconsolidated entities                              25,447                18,961                22,293
rialto other income (expense), net                                                 (81,636    )          (39,850   )            12,254
rialto operating earnings (loss)                                                  $(22,495    )          (16,692   )            33,595
lennar multifamily revenues                                                       $394,771               287,441               164,613
lennar multifamily costs and expenses                                              407,078               301,786               191,302
lennar multifamily equity in earnings from unconsolidated entities                  85,739                85,519                19,518
lennar multifamily operating earnings (loss)                                       $73,432                71,174                (7,171   )
total operating earnings                                                        $1,475,500             1,563,031             1,425,860
corporate general and administrative expenses                                      285,889               232,562               216,244
earnings before income taxes                                                    $1,189,611             1,330,469             1,209,616
net earnings attributable to lennar                                               $810,480               911,844               802,894
gross margin as a % of revenue from home sales                                        22.1    %             23.0   %              24.0   %
s,g&amp;a expenses as a % of revenues from home sales                                  9.2    %              9.4   %              10.0   %
operating margin as a % of revenues from home sales                                   12.9    %             13.6   %              14.1   %
average sales price                                                               $376,000               361,000               344,000
26
2017 versus 2016
revenues from home sales increased 15% in the year ended november 30, 2017 to $11.0 billion from $9.6 billion in 2016. revenues were higher primarily due to an 11% increase in the number of home deliveries, excluding unconsolidated entities, and a 4% increase in the average sales price of homes delivered. new home deliveries, excluding unconsolidated entities, increased to 29,322 homes in the year ended november 30, 2017 from 26,481 homes last year. there was an increase in home deliveries in all of our homebuilding segments and homebuilding other. the increase in the number of deliveries was primarily driven by an increase in active communities over the last year and by higher demand as the number of deliveries per active community increased. the average sales price of homes delivered, excluding unconsolidated entities, increased to $376,000 in the year ended november 30, 2017 from $361,000 in the year ended november 30, 2016, primarily due to product mix (selling at different price points) and increased pricing in certain of our markets due to favorable market conditions. sales incentives offered to homebuyers were $22,700 per home delivered in the year ended november 30, 2017, or 5.7% as a percentage of home sales revenue, compared to $22,500 per home delivered in the year ended november 30, 2016, or 5.9% as a percentage of home sales revenue.
gross margins on home sales were $2.4 billion, or 22.1%, in the year ended november 30, 2017, compared to $2.2 billion, or 23.0%, in the year ended november 30, 2016. gross margin percentage on home sales decreased compared to the year ended november 30, 2016 primarily due to an increase in construction and land costs per home, partially offset by an increase in the average sales price of homes delivered.
selling, general and administrative expenses were $1.0 billion in the year ended november 30, 2017, compared to $898.9 million in the year ended november 30, 2016. as a percentage of revenues from home sales, selling, general and administrative expenses improved to 9.2% in the year ended november 30, 2017, from 9.4% in the year ended november 30, 2016 due to improved operating leverage as a result of an increase in home deliveries.
gross profits on land sales were $29.9 million in the year ended november 30, 2017, compared to $44.7 million in the year ended november 30, 2016.
lennar homebuilding equity in loss from unconsolidated entities was $61.7 million in the year ended november 30, 2017, compared to $49.3 million in the year ended november 30, 2016. in the year ended november 30, 2017, lennar homebuilding equity in loss from unconsolidated entities was primarily attributable to our share of net operating losses from our unconsolidated entities which were primarily driven by general and administrative expenses and valuation adjustments related to assets of lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities, partially offset by profits from land sales. in the year ended november 30, 2016, lennar homebuilding equity in loss from unconsolidated entities was primarily attributable to our share of costs associated with the fivepoint combination as well as our share of net operating losses associated with the new fivepoint unconsolidated entity formed as the result of this combination. this was partially offset by $12.7 million of equity in earnings from one of our unconsolidated entities primarily due to sales of homesites to third parties.
lennar homebuilding other income, net, totaled $22.8 million in the year ended november 30, 2017, compared to $52.8 million in the year ended november 30, 2016. in the year ended november 30, 2016, other income, net included management fee income and a profit participation related to lennar homebuilding's strategic joint ventures and gains on the sale of several clubhouses.
lennar homebuilding loss due to litigation of $140 million in the year ended november 30, 2017, was related to litigation regarding a contract we entered into in 2005 to purchase property in maryland. as a result of the litigation, we purchased the property for $114 million, which approximated our estimate of fair value for the property. in addition, we paid approximately $124 million in interest and other closing costs and have accrued for the amount we expect to pay as reimbursement for attorney's fees.
lennar homebuilding interest expense was $277.8 million in the year ended november 30, 2017 ($260.7 million was included in costs of homes sold, $10.0 million in costs of land sold and $7.2 million in other interest expense), compared to $245.1 million in the year ended november 30, 2016 ($235.1 million was included in costs of homes sold, $5.3 million in costs of land sold and $4.6 million in other interest expense). interest expense included in costs of homes sold increased primarily due to an increase in home deliveries.
operating earnings for our lennar financial services segment were $155.5 million in the year ended november 30, 2017, compared to $163.6 million in the year ended november 30, 2016. operating earnings decreased due to lower profitability in the segment's mortgage operations as a result of a decrease in refinance transactions, which led to both lower origination volume and profit per loan. this was partially offset by higher profit per transaction in the segment's title operations and earnings from the real estate brokerage business which was acquired as part of the wci acquisition in february 2017.
operating earnings for our rialto segment were $23.6 million in the year ended november 30, 2017 (which included $22.5 million of operating loss and an add back of $46.1 million of net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests). operating earnings in the year ended november 30, 2016 were $2.1 million (which included $16.7 million of operating loss and add back
27
of $18.8 million of net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests). the increase in operating earnings was primarily related to an increase in incentive income related to carried interest distributions from the rialto real estate funds, as well as an increase in management fee income and equity in earnings from unconsolidated entities. this was partially offset by an increase in reo and loan impairments and general and administrative expenses. in addition, the year ended november 30, 2016 included a $16.0 million write-off of uncollectible receivables related to a hospital, which was acquired through the resolution of one of rialto's loans from a 2010 portfolio.
operating earnings for our lennar multifamily segment were $73.4 million in the year ended november 30, 2017, compared to operating earnings of $71.2 million in the year ended november 30, 2016. the increase in profitability was primarily due to the segment's $96.7 million share of gains as a result of the sale of seven operating properties by lennar multifamily's unconsolidated entities, compared to the segment's $91.0 million share of gains as a result of the sale of seven operating properties by lennar multifamily's unconsolidated entities in the year ended november 30, 2016.
corporate general and administrative expenses were $285.9 million, or 2.3% as a percentage of total revenues, in the year ended november 30, 2017, compared to $232.6 million, or 2.1% as a percentage of total revenues, in the year ended november 30, 2016. the increase was primarily due to personnel and related expenses and professional expenses related to technology investments.
net earnings (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests were ($38.7) million and $1.2 million in the years ended november 30, 2017 and 2016, respectively. net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests during the year ended november 30, 2017 was primarily attributable to net loss related to the fdic's interest in the portfolio of real estate loans that we acquired in partnership with the fdic in 2010. net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests during the year ended november 30, 2016 were primarily attributable to earnings related to lennar homebuilding consolidated joint ventures, partially offset by a net loss related to the fdic's interest in the portfolio of real estate loans that we acquired in partnership with the fdic.
in the years ended november 30, 2017 and 2016, we had a tax provision of $417.9 million and $417.4 million, respectively. our overall effective income tax rates were 34.02% and 31.40% for the years ended november 30, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the increase is primarily the result of the new energy efficient home credits expiring during the year ended november 30, 2017, which increased our effective tax rate by 1.74%. for the years ended november 30, 2017 and 2016, the impact of this tax credit was (0.73%) and (2.47%), respectively.
in december 2017, the tax cuts and jobs act was enacted which will have a positive impact on our effective tax rate in 2018 and subsequent years. the tax reform bill will reduce our effective tax rate in 2018 from 34% to approximately 25%. excluded from our 2018 effective tax rate is a one-time non-cash write-down of our deferred tax assets of approximately $70 million which will be recorded in the first quarter of 2018 as a result of our lower federal tax rate.
2016 versus 2015
revenues from home sales increased 15% in the year ended november 30, 2016 to $9.6 billion from $8.3 billion in 2015. revenues were higher primarily due to a 9% increase in the number of home deliveries, excluding unconsolidated entities, and a 5% increase in the average sales price of homes delivered. new home deliveries, excluding unconsolidated entities, increased to 26,481 homes in the year ended november 30, 2016 from 24,209 homes in 2015. there was an increase in home deliveries in all of our homebuilding segments and homebuilding other. the increase in the number of deliveries was primarily driven by an increase in active communities over 2015 and by higher demand as the number of deliveries per active community increased. the average sales price of homes delivered increased to $361,000 in the year ended november 30, 2016 from $344,000 in the year ended november 30, 2015, primarily due to product mix and increased pricing in certain of our markets due to favorable market conditions. sales incentives offered to homebuyers were $22,500 per home delivered in the year ended november 30, 2016, or 5.9% as a percentage of home sales revenue, compared to $21,400 per home delivered in the year ended november 30, 2015, or 5.9% as a percentage of home sales revenue.
gross margins on home sales were $2.2 billion, or 23.0%, in the year ended november 30, 2016, compared to $2.0 billion, or 24.0%, in the year ended november 30, 2015. gross margin percentage on home sales decreased compared to the year ended november 30, 2015 primarily due to an increase in land costs per home, partially offset by an increase in the average sales price of homes delivered.
selling, general and administrative expenses were $898.9 million in the year ended november 30, 2016, compared to $831.1 million in the year ended november 30, 2015. as a percentage of revenues from home sales, selling, general and administrative expenses improved to 9.4% in the year ended november 30, 2016, from 10.0% in the year ended november 30, 2015 due to improved operating leverage as a result of an increase in home deliveries and benefits from our focus on digital marketing.
gross profits on land sales were $44.7 million in the year ended november 30, 2016, compared to $30.1 million in the year ended november 30, 2015.
28
lennar homebuilding equity in earnings (loss) from unconsolidated entities was ($49.3) million in the year ended november 30, 2016, compared to $63.4 million in the year ended november 30, 2015. in the year ended november 30, 2016, lennar homebuilding equity in loss from unconsolidated entities was primarily attributable to our share of costs associated with the fivepoint combination and operational net losses from the new fivepoint unconsolidated entity, totaling $42.6 million. this was partially offset by $12.7 million of equity in earnings from one of our unconsolidated entities primarily due to sales of homesites to third parties. in the year ended november 30, 2015, lennar homebuilding equity in earnings from unconsolidated entities included $82.8 million of equity in earnings from one of our unconsolidated entities primarily due to sales of homesites and a commercial property to third parties, sales of homesites to another joint venture in which we have a 50% investment, and a gain on debt extinguishment.
lennar homebuilding other income, net, totaled $52.8 million in the year ended november 30, 2016, compared to $6.2 million in the year ended november 30, 2015. in the year ended november 30, 2016, other income, net, included management fee income and a profit participation related to lennar homebuilding's strategic joint ventures and gains on the sale of several clubhouses. in the year ended november 30, 2015, other income, net included $10.2 million aggregate gains on sales of an operating property and a clubhouse.
lennar homebuilding interest expense was $245.1 million in the year ended november 30, 2016 ($235.1 million was included in costs of homes sold, $5.3 million in costs of land sold and $4.6 million in other interest expense), compared to $220.1 million in the year ended november 30, 2015 ($205.2 million was included in costs of homes sold, $2.5 million in costs of land sold and $12.5 million in other interest expense). interest expense included in costs of homes sold increased primarily due to an increase in home deliveries.
operating earnings for our lennar financial services segment were $163.6 million in the year ended november 30, 2016, compared to $127.8 million in the year ended november 30, 2015. the increase in profitability was primarily due to increased transactions and higher profit per transaction in the segment's mortgage and title operations.
operating earnings for our rialto segment were $2.1 million in the year ended november 30, 2016 (which included a $16.7 million operating loss and an add back of $18.8 million of net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests). operating earnings in the year ended november 30, 2015 were $28.8 million (which included $33.6 million of operating earnings, partially offset by $4.8 million of net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests).the decrease in operating earnings was primarily attributable to a $16.0 million write-off of uncollectible receivables related to a hospital, which was acquired through the resolution of one of rialto's loans from a 2010 portfolio, a decrease in net realized gains on the sale of reo, an increase in reo and loan impairments, and general and administrative expenses. this was partially offset by an increase in operating earnings related to rmf as a result of higher securitization margins. the hospital is managed by a third party management company.
operating earnings for our lennar multifamily segment were $71.2 million in the year ended november 30, 2016, compared to an operating loss of $7.2 million in the year ended november 30, 2015. the increase in profitability was primarily due to the segment's $91.0 million share of gains as a result of the sale of seven operating properties by lennar multifamily's unconsolidated entities. in the year ended november 30, 2015, the operating loss in lennar multifamily primarily related to general and administrative expenses, partially offset by the segment's $22.2 million share of gains as a result of the sale of two operating properties by lennar multifamily's unconsolidated entities, management fee income and general contractor income, net.
corporate general and administrative expenses were $232.6 million, or 2.1% as a percentage of total revenues, in the year ended november 30, 2016, compared to $216.2 million, or 2.3% as a percentage of total revenues, in the year ended november 30, 2015. as a percentage of total revenues, corporate general and administrative expenses improved due to increased operating leverage.
net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests were $1.2 million and $16.3 million in the years ended november 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests during the year ended november 30, 2016 were primarily attributable to earnings related to lennar homebuilding consolidated joint ventures, partially offset by a net loss related to the fdic's interest in the portfolio of real estate loans that we acquired in partnership with the fdic. net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests during the year ended november 30, 2015 were primarily attributable to earnings related to lennar homebuilding consolidated joint ventures and net earnings related to the fdic's interest in the portfolio of real estate loans that we acquired in partnership with the fdic.
in the years ended november 30, 2016 and 2015, we had a tax provision of $417.4 million and $390.4 million, respectively. our overall effective income tax rates were 31.40% and 32.72% for the years ended november 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. the reduction is primarily the result of the reversal of an accrual due to a settlement with the irs in the year ended november 30, 2016, which reduced our effective tax rate by (1.02%). during the year ended november 30, 2016, tax legislation was passed extending the new energy efficient home credit through 2016, as well as extending the 30% investment
29
tax credit for solar energy property through 2022. for the years ended november 30, 2016 and 2015, the impact of these tax credits was (3.46%) and (1.92%), respectively.
homebuilding segments our homebuilding operations construct and sell homes primarily for first-time, move-up and active adult homebuyers primarily under the lennar brand name. in addition, our homebuilding operations purchase, develop and sell land to third parties. in certain circumstances, we diversify our operations through strategic alliances and attempt to minimize our risks by investing with third parties in joint ventures.
as of and for the year ended november 30, 2017, we have aggregated our homebuilding activities into three reportable segments, which we refer to as homebuilding east, homebuilding central, and homebuilding west, based primarily upon similar economic characteristics, geography, and product type. information about homebuilding activities in states that do not have economic characteristics that are similar to those in other states in the same geographic area is grouped under "homebuilding other," which is not a reportable segment. references in this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations to homebuilding segments are to those three reportable segments.
at november 30, 2017 our reportable homebuilding segments and homebuilding other consisted of homebuilding divisions located in:
east: florida(1), georgia, maryland, new jersey, north carolina, south carolina and virginia central: arizona, colorado and texas west: california and nevada other: illinois, minnesota, oregon, tennessee and washington
(1) florida includes the financial information related to wci from the date of acquisition (february 10, 2017) to november 30, 2017.
the following tables set forth selected financial and operational information related to our homebuilding operations for the years indicated:
selected financial and operational data years ended november 30,
(in thousands)                              2017   2016                  2015
homebuilding revenues:
east:
sales of homes                   $4,577,296             3,887,217             3,524,691
sales of land                        35,269                54,119                38,987
total east                        4,612,565             3,941,336             3,563,678
central:
sales of homes                    2,444,924             2,218,590             1,888,126
sales of land                        64,368                64,989                56,186
total central                     2,509,292             2,283,579             1,944,312
west:
sales of homes                    3,150,422             2,704,670             2,338,652
sales of land                        46,752                52,988                26,867
total west                        3,197,174             2,757,658             2,365,519
other:
sales of homes                      862,657               748,040               584,435
sales of land                        18,554                10,724                 9,001
total other                         881,211               758,764               593,436
total homebuilding revenues     $11,200,242             9,741,337             8,466,945
30
years ended november 30,
(in thousands)                                                             2017                  2016                  2015
operating earnings:
east:
sales of homes                                                    $614,114               578,207               578,185
sales of land                                                        4,970                22,035                10,448
equity in earnings (loss) from unconsolidated entities               1,413                  (230   )               118
other income (expense), net (1)                                      3,187                17,163                (7,888   )
loss due to litigation (2)                                        (140,000    )                -                     -
total east                                                         483,684               617,175               580,863
central:
sales of homes                                                     272,712               245,103               196,372
sales of land (3)                                                    8,168                 2,038                13,595
equity in earnings (loss) from unconsolidated entities (4)          (7,447    )              401                    75
other expense, net                                                  (3,971    )           (1,567   )            (1,344   )
total central                                                      269,462               245,975               208,698
west:
sales of homes                                                     429,588               396,696               358,054
sales of land                                                       12,719                16,689                   446
equity in earnings (loss) from unconsolidated entities (5)         (55,181    )          (49,731   )            62,960
other income, net (6)                                               16,809                32,692                14,358
total west                                                         403,935               396,346               435,818
other:
sales of homes                                                     101,691                76,741                39,393
sales of land                                                        4,011                 3,947                 5,613
equity in earnings (loss) from unconsolidated entities                (493    )              285                   220
other income, net                                                    6,749                 4,463                 1,036
total other                                                        111,958                85,436                46,262
total homebuilding operating earnings                           $1,269,039             1,344,932             1,271,641
(1)   other income, net, for the year ended november 30, 2016, included gains of $14.5 million on the sales of three clubhouses. other expense, net, for the year ended november 30, 2015, primarily related to a loss on a strategic sale of an operating property from one of our consolidated joint ventures, partially offset by noncontrolling interests.
(2)   loss due to litigation regarding a contract we entered into in 2005 to purchase property in maryland. as a result of the litigation, we purchased the property for $114 million, which approximated our estimate of fair value for the property. in addition, we paid approximately $124 million in interest and other closing costs and has accrued for the amount it expects to pay as reimbursement for attorney's fees.
(3)   sales of land for the year ended november 30, 2016 included $6.3 million of valuation adjustments to land we intend to sell or have sold to third parties.
(4)   equity in loss from unconsolidated entities for the year ended november 30, 2017 included valuation adjustments recorded for an unconsolidated entity.
(5)   equity in loss from unconsolidated entities for the year ended november 30, 2017 included our share of operational net losses from unconsolidated entities driven by general and administrative expenses and valuation adjustments related to assets of lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities, partially offset by profit from land sales. equity in loss for the year ended november 30, 2016 included our share of costs associated with the fivepoint combination and operational net losses from the new fivepoint unconsolidated entity, totaling $42.6 million, partially offset by $12.7 million of equity in earnings from one of our unconsolidated entities primarily due to sales of homesites to third parties. equity in earnings from unconsolidated entities for the year ended november 30, 2015 included $82.8 million of equity in earnings from one of our unconsolidated entities primarily due to the sale of a commercial property and homesites to third parties and a gain on debt extinguishment.
(6)   other income, net for the year ended november 30, 2017 included an $8.6 million gain on the sale of an operating property. other income, net, for the year ended november 30, 2016 included $30.1 million of management fee income and a profit participation related to lennar homebuilding's strategic joint ventures. other income, net, for the year ended november 30, 2015 included a $6.5 million gain on the sale of an operating property.
31
summary of homebuilding data deliveries:
years ended november 30, homes
2017                     2016                 2015
east      14,076               12,483               11,515
central    7,262                6,788                6,171
west       6,238                5,734                5,245
other      1,818                1,558                1,361
total     29,394               26,563               24,292
of the total homes delivered listed above, 72, 82 and 83 represent home deliveries from unconsolidated entities for the years ended november 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
years ended november 30, dollar value (in thousands)                                            average sales price
2017                            2016                    2015                    2017                   2016                2015
east         $4,577,296               3,890,405               3,527,612                $325,000             312,000             306,000
central       2,444,924               2,218,590               1,888,127                 337,000             327,000             306,000
west          3,199,252               2,757,112               2,383,432                 513,000             481,000             454,000
other           862,657                 748,040                 584,435                 475,000             480,000             429,000
total       $11,084,129               9,614,147               8,383,606                $377,000             362,000             345,000
of the total dollar value of home deliveries listed above, $48.8 million, $55.6 million and $47.7 million represent the dollar value of home deliveries from unconsolidated entities for the years ended november 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. the home deliveries from unconsolidated entities had an average sales price of $678,000, $678,000 and $575,000 for the years ended november 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
sales incentives (1):
years ended november 30,
(in thousands)
2017                         2016                2015
east         $332,531             278,979             258,594
central       201,701             183,921             153,173
west           99,532             101,337              80,617
other          31,975              32,062              25,679
total        $665,739             596,299             518,063
years ended november 30, average sales incentives perhome delivered                           sales incentives as a% of revenue
2017                           2016                   2015                              2017                 2016                 2015
east          $23,600                 22,400                 22,500               6.8      %           6.7      %           6.8      %
central        27,800                 27,100                 24,800               7.6      %           7.7      %           7.5      %
west           16,100                 17,900                 15,600               3.1      %           3.6      %           3.3      %
other          17,600                 20,600                 18,900               3.6      %           4.1      %           4.2      %
total         $22,700                 22,500                 21,400               5.7      %           5.9      %           5.9      %
(1)   sales incentives relate to home deliveries during the period, excluding deliveries by unconsolidated entities.
32
new orders (2):
years ended november 30, homes
2017                     2016                 2015
east      14,775               12,764               11,579
central    7,154                7,041                6,448
west       6,715                5,910                5,608
other      1,704                1,657                1,471
total     30,348               27,372               25,106
of the total new orders listed above, 65, 23 and 105 represent new orders from unconsolidated entities for the years ended november 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
years ended november 30, dollar value (in thousands)                                            average sales price
2017                            2016                    2015                    2017                   2016                2015
east         $4,795,740               3,977,605               3,570,496                $325,000             312,000             308,000
central       2,409,559               2,354,618               2,037,339                 337,000             334,000             316,000
west          3,529,945               2,832,993               2,617,393                 526,000             479,000             467,000
other           823,993                 788,721                 663,247                 484,000             476,000             451,000
total       $11,559,237               9,953,937               8,888,475                $381,000             364,000             354,000
of the total dollar value of new orders listed above, $48.0 million, $9.2 million and $70.2 million represent the dollar value of new orders from unconsolidated entities for the years ended november 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. the new orders from unconsolidated entities had an average sales price of $738,000, $401,000 and $669,000 for the years ended november 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
(2)   new orders represent the number of new sales contracts executed with homebuyers, net of cancellations, during the years ended november 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015.
backlog:
november 30, homes
2017                    2016            2015
east (3)    4,300           3,243           2,852
central     2,213           2,321           2,068
west        2,007           1,530           1,354
other (4)     415       529             372
total       8,935           7,623           6,646
of the total homes in backlog listed above, 23, 30 and 89 represent homes in backlog from unconsolidated entities at november 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
november 30, dollar value (in thousands)                                            average sales price
2017                            2016                    2015                    2017                   2016                2015
east         $1,468,830               1,065,425                 928,098                $342,000             329,000             325,000
central         785,469                 821,608                 685,750                 355,000             354,000             332,000
west          1,078,760                 748,488                 671,524                 537,000             489,000             496,000
other           217,307                 256,017                 192,379                 524,000             484,000             517,000
total        $3,550,366               2,891,538               2,477,751                $397,000             379,000             373,000
of the total dollar value of homes in backlog listed above, $15.2 million, $16.0 million and $62.4 million represent the dollar value of homes in backlog from unconsolidated entities at november 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. the homes in backlog from unconsolidated entities had an average sales price of $659,000, $533,000 and $701,000 at november 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
(3)   during the year ended november 30, 2017, we acquired 359 homes in backlog as a result of the wci acquisition. during the year ended november 30, 2016, we acquired 110 homes in backlog from other homebuilders.
33
(4)   during the year ended november 30, 2016, we acquired 58 homes in backlog.
backlog represents the number of homes under sales contracts. homes are sold using sales contracts, which are generally accompanied by sales deposits. in some instances, purchasers are permitted to cancel sales if they fail to qualify for financing or under certain other circumstances. we do not recognize revenue on homes under sales contracts until the sales are closed and title passes to the new homeowners.
we experienced cancellation rates as follows:
years ended november 30,
2017                             2016              2015
east       15   %            14     %          15     %
central    19   %            20     %          21     %
west       14   %            15     %          13     %
other      10   %            11     %          11     %
total      15   %            16     %          16     %
active communities:
november 30,
2017                      2016        2015
east (1)   354         303         284
central    216         199         206
west       138         135         119
other       57          58          56
total      765         695         665
of the total active communities listed above, four communities represent active communities being developed by unconsolidated entities as of november 30, 2017. of the total active communities listed above, two and three communities represent active communities being constructed by unconsolidated entities as of november 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
(1)   we acquired 51 active communities related to the wci acquisition on february 10, 2017. as of november 30, 2017, there were 52 active communities.
the following table details our gross margins on home sales for each of our reportable homebuilding segments and homebuilding other:
years ended november 30,
(dollars in thousands)                            2017                     2016                     2015
east:
sales of homes                         $4,577,296                3,887,217                3,524,691
costs of homes sold                     3,504,176                2,935,921                2,599,855
gross margins on home sales             1,073,120        23.4%     951,296        24.5%     924,836        26.2%
central:
sales of homes                          2,444,924                2,218,590                1,888,126
costs of homes sold                     1,936,879                1,752,781                1,485,243
gross margins on home sales               508,045        20.8%     465,809        21.0%     402,883        21.3%
west:
sales of homes                          3,150,422                2,704,670                2,338,652
costs of homes sold                     2,489,788                2,086,480                1,773,651
gross margins on home sales               660,634        21.0%     618,190        22.9%     565,001        24.2%
other:
sales of homes                            862,657                  748,040                  584,435
costs of homes sold                       670,503                  587,671                  474,101
gross margins on home sales               192,154        22.3%     160,369        21.4%     110,334        18.9%
total gross margins on home sales      $2,433,953        22.1%   2,195,664        23.0%   2,003,054        24.0%
34
2017 versus 2016
homebuilding east: revenues from home sales increased in 2017 compared to 2016, primarily due to an increase in the number of home deliveries in florida and the carolinas, partially offset by a decrease in the number of home deliveries in georgia and virginia. revenues from home sales also increased as a result of the increase in the average sales price of homes delivered in florida and the carolinas, partially offset by a decrease in the average sales price of homes delivered in georgia and virginia. the increase in the number of deliveries in florida was primarily driven by an increase in active communities over the last year primarily related to the wci acquisition. the increase in the number of deliveries in the carolinas was primarily driven by an increase in active communities. the decrease in the number of deliveries in georgia and virginia was primarily due to a decrease in deliveries per active community as a result of timing of opening and closing of communities. the increase in the average sales price of homes delivered in florida and the carolinas was primarily due to an increase in home deliveries in higher-priced communities and favorable market conditions. the decrease in the average sales price of homes delivered in georgia and virginia was primarily driven by a change in product mix due to closing out the remaining homes in higher-priced communities and opening lower-priced communities during the year ended november 30, 2017. gross margin percentage on home sales for the year ended november 30, 2017 decreased compared to the same period last year primarily due to an increase in direct construction costs per home, partially offset by an increase in the average sales price of homes delivered.
homebuilding central: revenues from home sales increased in 2017 compared to 2016, primarily due to an increase in the number of home deliveries in texas and arizona and an increase in the average sales price of homes delivered in all the states in the segment. the increase in the number of deliveries in texas was primarily driven by higher demand as the number of deliveries per active community increased and the number of active communities increased. the increase in the number of deliveries in arizona was primarily driven by an increase in the number of active communities. the increase in the average sales price of homes delivered was primarily due to favorable market conditions. gross margin percentage on home sales for the year ended november 30, 2017 decreased compared to the same period last year primarily due to an increase in land and direct construction costs per home, partially offset by an increase in the average sales price of homes delivered.
homebuilding west: revenues from home sales increased in 2017 compared to 2016, primarily due to an increase in the number of home deliveries and average sales price in all the states in the segment. the increase in the number of home deliveries is primarily driven by higher demand as the number of deliveries per active community increased. the increase in the average sales price of homes delivered was primarily due to a change in product mix and favorable market conditions. gross margin percentage on home sales for the year ended november 30, 2017 decreased compared to the same period last year primarily due to an increase in direct construction and land costs per home, partially offset by an increase in the average sales price of homes delivered.
homebuilding other: revenues from home sales increased in 2017 compared to 2016, primarily due to an increase in the number of home deliveries in minnesota and tennessee, partially offset by a decrease in the average sales price of homes delivered in all states in homebuilding other except washington. the increase in the number of deliveries in minnesota and tennessee was primarily driven by higher demand as the number of deliveries per active community increased. the decrease in the average sales price of homes delivered in all states in homebuilding other, except washington, was primarily driven by a change in product mix due to closing out the remaining homes in higher-priced communities and opening lower-priced communities during the year ended november 30, 2017. the increase in the average sales price of homes delivered in washington was primarily due to favorable market conditions and a change in product mix. gross margin percentage on home sales for the year ended november 30, 2017 increased compared to the same period last year primarily due to a decrease in construction costs per home delivered as the average sales price of homes delivered decreased as well.
2016 versus 2015
homebuilding east: revenues from home sales increased in 2016 compared to 2015, primarily due to an increase in the number of home deliveries in all the states in the segment, except virginia and georgia, and an increase in the average sales price of homes delivered in all the states in the segment, except florida. the increase in the number of deliveries was primarily driven by an increase in active communities over 2015 primarily in florida and/or driven by higher demand as the number of deliveries per active community increased. the decrease in home deliveries in virginia and georgia was primarily driven by a decrease in active communities that had a high volume of home deliveries in 2015. the increase in the average sales price of homes delivered was primarily due to a change in product mix as there was an increase in home deliveries in higher-priced communities in 2016 compared to 2015 and/or because we have been able to increase the sales price in certain of our communities due to favorable market conditions. the decrease in average sales price of homes delivered in florida was primarily driven by a change in product mix due to closing out the remaining homes in higher-priced communities in 2015 and opening lower-priced communities in 2016. in addition, we have also been able to increase the sales prices in certain of our communities due to favorable market conditions. gross margin percentage on home sales decreased compared to 2015 primarily due to an increase in land and direct construction costs per home, partially offset by an increase in average sales price of homes delivered.
35
homebuilding central: revenues from home sales increased in 2016 compared to 2015, primarily due to an increase in the number of home deliveries and in the average sales price of homes delivered in all the states in the segment. the increase in the number of deliveries was primarily driven by higher demand as the number of deliveries per active community increased. the increase in the average sales price of homes delivered was primarily due to a change in product mix driven by an increase in home deliveries in higher-priced close out communities in 2016 compared to 2015 and/or because we have been able to increase the sales prices in certain of our communities due to favorable market conditions. gross margin percentage on home sales slightly decreased compared to 2015 primarily due to an increase in land costs per home, partially offset by an increase in the average sales price of homes delivered.
homebuilding west: revenues from home sales increased in 2016 compared to 2015, primarily due to an increase in the number of home deliveries in california, partially offset by a decrease in the number of home deliveries in nevada and an increase in the average sales price of homes delivered in all the states in the segment. the increase in the number of deliveries in california was primarily driven by an increase in active communities over 2015 and/or by higher demand as the number of deliveries per active community increased. the decrease in the number of deliveries in nevada was primarily driven by lower demand as the number of deliveries per active community decreased due to a change in product mix (selling at different price points) from 2015. the increase in the average sales price of homes delivered was primarily due to a change in product mix (selling at different price points) and/or because we have been able to increase the sales prices in certain of our communities due to favorable market conditions. gross margin percentage on home sales decreased compared to 2015 primarily due to an increase in land costs per home and an increase in sales incentives offered to homebuyers as a percentage of revenues from home sales, partially offset by an increase in the average sales price of homes delivered.
homebuilding other: revenues from home sales increased in 2016 compared to 2015, primarily due to an increase in the number of home deliveries in all the states in homebuilding other and an increase in the average sales price of homes delivered in all states in homebuilding other, except minnesota. the increase in the number of deliveries was primarily driven by an increase in active communities over 2015 and/or by higher demand as the number of deliveries per active community increased. the increase in the average sales price of homes delivered was primarily due to an increase in home deliveries in higher-priced communities in 2016 compared to 2015. the decrease in the average sales price of homes delivered in minnesota was primarily due to the lower average sales price of the homes acquired in backlog. gross margin percentage on home sales increased compared to 2015 primarily due to an increase in the average sales price of homes delivered and a decrease in construction and land costs per home (prior year's land costs per home included a valuation adjustment of $9.6 million in our northeast urban operations).
lennar financial services segment our lennar financial services reportable segment provides mortgage financing, title insurance and closing services for both buyers of our homes and others. our lennar financial services segment sells substantially all of the loans it originates within a short period in the secondary mortgage market, the majority of which are sold on a servicing released, non-recourse basis. after the loans are sold, we retain potential liability for possible claims by purchasers that we breached certain limited industry-standard representations and warranties in the loan sale agreements. several claims of this type have been asserted against us. we do not believe these claims will have a material adverse effect on our business.
as part of the wci acquisition in february 2017, lennar financial services acquired a real estate brokerage business under the berkshire hathaway home services brand. this business operates only in florida.
in june 2017, our captive mortgage financing services operations changed its name from universal american mortgage company, llc to eagle home mortgage, llc.
the following table sets forth selected financial and operational information related to our lennar financial services segment:
years ended november 30,
(dollars in thousands)                                           2017                  2016                  2015
revenues                                                $770,109               687,255               620,527
costs and expenses                                       614,585               523,638               492,732
operating earnings                                      $155,524               163,617               127,795
dollar value of mortgages originated                  $8,973,000             9,343,000             8,877,000
number of mortgages originated                            31,600                33,500                32,600
mortgage capture rate of lennar homebuyers                    80    %               82   %                82   %
number of title and closing service transactions         110,000               116,000               108,600
number of title policies issued                          314,800               298,900               263,500
36
rialto segment our rialto reportable segment is a commercial real estate investment, investment management, and finance company focused on raising, investing and managing third-party capital, originating and selling into securitizations commercial mortgage loans as well as investing our own capital in real estate related mortgage loans, properties and related securities. rialto utilizes its vertically-integrated investment and operating platform to underwrite, perform diligence, acquire, manage, workout and add value to diverse portfolios of real estate loans, properties and securities as well as providing strategic real estate capital. rialto's primary focus is to manage third-party capital and to originate and sell into securitizations commercial mortgage loans. rialto has continued the workout and/or oversight of billions of dollars of real estate assets across the united states, including commercial and residential real estate loans and properties as well as mortgage backed securities with the objective of generating superior, risk-adjusted returns. to date, many of the investment and management opportunities have arisen from the dislocation in the united states real estate markets and the restructuring and recapitalization of those markets.
rialto's operating earnings (loss) were as follows:
years ended november 30,
(in thousands)                                                       2017   2016                2015
revenues                                                    $281,243             233,966             221,923
costs and expenses (1)                                       247,549             229,769             222,875
rialto equity in earnings from unconsolidated entities        25,447              18,961              22,293
rialto other income (expense), net (2)                       (81,636    )        (39,850   )          12,254
operating earnings (loss) (3)                               $(22,495    )        (16,692   )          33,595
(1)   costs and expenses included loan impairments of $32.6 million, $18.2 million and $10.4 million for the years ended november 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, primarily associated with the segment's fdic loans portfolio (before noncontrolling interests).
(2)   rialto other income (expense), net, included reo impairments of $63.6 million, $24.4 million and $12.4 million for the years ended november 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
(3)   operating earnings (loss) for the years ended november 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015 included net earnings (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests of ($46.1) million, ($18.8) million and $4.8 million, respectively.
the following is a detail of rialto other income (expense), net:
years ended november 30,
(in thousands)                                                                              2017   2016                2015
realized gains on reo sales, net                                                     $4,578              17,495              35,242
unrealized losses on transfer of loans receivable to reo and impairments, net       (64,623    )        (23,087   )         (13,678   )
reo and other expenses                                                              (49,432    )        (54,008   )         (57,740   )
rental and other income (1)                                                          27,841              19,750              48,430
rialto other income (expense), net                                                 $(81,636    )        (39,850   )          12,254
(1)   rental and other income for the year ended november 30, 2016, included a $16.0 million write-off of uncollectible receivables related to a hospital, which was acquired through the resolution of one of rialto's loans from a 2010 portfolio.
rialto mortgage finance rmf originates and sells into securitizations five, seven and ten year commercial first mortgage loans, which are secured by income producing properties. this business has become a significant contributor to rialto's revenues.
during the year ended november 30, 2017, rmf originated loans with a total principal balance of $1.7 billion, of which $1.6 billion were recorded as loans held-for-sale and $98.4 million as accrual loans within loans receivable, net, and sold $1.5 billion of loans into 12 separate securitizations. during the year ended november 30, 2016, rmf originated loans with a total principal balance of $1.8 billion of which $1.7 billion were recorded as loans held-for-sale and $81.2 million were recorded as accrual loans within loans receivable, net, and sold $1.9 billion of loans into 11 separate securitizations. as of november 30, 2017, there were no unsettled transactions. as of november 30, 2016, originated loans with an unpaid principal balance of $199.8 million were sold into a securitization trust but not settled and thus were included as rialto's receivables, net.
fdic portfolios in 2010, the rialto segment acquired indirectly 40% managing member equity interests in two limited liability companies ("llcs") in partnership with the fdic ("fdic portfolios"). the llcs met the accounting definition of vies and since we were determined to be the primary beneficiary, we consolidated the llcs. in february 2017, the fdic exercised its "clean-up call rights" under the amended and restated limited liability company agreement. as a result, rialto had until july 10, 2017 to liquidate and sell the assets in the fdic portfolios. on july 10, 2017, rialto and the fdic entered into an
37
agreement which extended the original agreement date to january 10, 2018. at november 30, 2017, the consolidated llcs had total combined assets of $48.8 million, which primarily included $23.8 million in cash, $20.0 million of real estate owned, net and $1.6 million of loans held-for-sale. as of january 11, 2018, (1) the fdic can, at its discretion, sell any remaining assets, or (2) rialto has the option to purchase the fdic's interest in the portfolios. as of january 19, 2018, there were only four assets with a carrying value totaling $0.3 million which were not under contract to sell.
investments rialto is the sponsor of and an investor in private equity vehicles that invest in and manage real estate related assets and other related investments. these include:
private equity vehicle               inception year                                    commitment rialto real estate fund, lp                    2010    $700 million (including $75 million by us)
rialto real estate fund ii, lp                 2012   $1.3 billion (including $100 million by us)
rialto mezzanine partners fund, lp             2013    $300 million (including $34 million by us)
rialto capital cmbs funds                      2014    $119 million (including $52 million by us)
rialto real estate fund iii                    2015   $1.9 billion (including $140 million by us)
rialto credit partnership, lp                  2016    $220 million (including $20 million by us)
rialto also earns fees for its role as a manager of these vehicles and for providing asset management and other services to those vehicles and other third parties.
at november 30, 2017 and 2016, the carrying value of rialto's commercial mortgage-backed securities ("cmbs") was $179.7 million and $71.3 million, respectively. these securities were purchased at discount rates ranging from 9% to 84% with coupon rates ranging from 1.3% to 5.0%, stated and assumed final distribution dates between november 2020 and october 2027, and stated maturity dates between november 2043 and march 2059. the rialto segment reviews changes in estimated cash flows periodically to determine if an other-than-temporary impairment has occurred on its cmbs. based on the rialto segment's assessment, no impairment charges were recorded during any of the years ended november 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015. the rialto segment classified these securities as held-to-maturity based on its intent and ability to hold the securities until maturity.
during 2017, rialto purchased a 5% vertical strip in three separate cmbs transactions. a vertical interest is an equal interest in each class of securities issued in the securitization (e.g., 5.0% of each class) or a single vertical security entitling the holder to a specific percentage of the amounts paid on each class of those securities. as part of the dodd-frank wall street reform and protection act that came into effect in december 2016, originators that contribute loans to a cmbs trust are required to satisfy risk retention rules. some risk retention rules permit the retention of risk by third parties, and the risk may be held by purchasing vertical, horizontal or other combined strips in a securitization.
lennar multifamily segment we have been actively involved, primarily through unconsolidated entities, in the development, construction and property management of multifamily rental properties. our lennar multifamily segment focuses on developing a geographically diversified portfolio of institutional quality multifamily rental properties in select u.s. markets.
as of november 30, 2017 and 2016, our balance sheet had $710.7 million and $526.1 million, respectively, of assets related to our lennar multifamily segment, which included investments in unconsolidated entities of $407.5 million and $318.6 million, respectively. our net investment in the lennar multifamily segment as of november 30, 2017 and 2016 was $561.0 million and $412.9 million, respectively. during the year ended november 30, 2017, our lennar multifamily segment sold seven operating properties through its unconsolidated entities resulting in the segment's $96.7 million share of gains. during the years ended november 30, 2016 and 2015, our lennar multifamily segment sold seven and two operating properties, respectively, through its unconsolidated entities resulting in the segment's $91.0 million and $22.2 million share of gains, respectively. during the year ended november 30, 2016, our lennar multifamily segment sold land to third parties generating gross profit of $5.6 million.
our lennar multifamily segment had equity investments in 27 and 28 unconsolidated entities (including the lennar multifamily venture, the "venture") as of november 30, 2017 and 2016, respectively. as of november 30, 2017, our lennar multifamily segment had interests in 53 communities with development costs of $5.1 billion, of which 13 communities were completed and operating, 12 communities were partially completed and leasing, 22 communities were under construction and the remaining communities were either owned or under contract. as of november 30, 2017, our lennar multifamily segment also had a pipeline of potential future projects totaling $4.0 billion in assets across a number of states that would be developed primarily by future unconsolidated entities.
38
the venture is a long-term multifamily development investment vehicle involved in the development, construction and property management of class-a multifamily assets with $2.2 billion in equity commitments, including a $504 million co-investment commitment by us comprised of cash, undeveloped land and preacquisition costs.
financial condition and capital resources at november 30, 2017, we had cash and cash equivalents related to our homebuilding, financial services, rialto and multifamily operations of $2.7 billion, compared to $1.3 billion and $1.2 billion at november 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. at november 30, 2017, cash included $1.16 billion, which will be paid to calatlantic stockholders in connection with the acquisition of calatlantic.
we finance all of our activities including homebuilding, financial services, rialto, multifamily and general operating needs primarily with cash generated from our operations, debt issuances and equity offerings as well as cash borrowed under our warehouse lines of credit and our unsecured revolving credit facility (the "credit facility").
operating cash flow activities during 2017, 2016 and 2015, cash provided by (used in) operating activities totaled $996.9 million, $507.8 million and ($419.6) million, respectively. during 2017, cash provided by operating activities was positively impacted by our net earnings, a decrease in receivables, an increase in accounts payable and other liabilities and a decrease in restricted cash, partially offset by an increase in other assets and an increase in loans held-for-sale of $108.9 million related to rialto. in addition, cash provided by operating activities was negatively impacted by an increase in inventories due to strategic land purchases, land development and construction costs. for the year ended november 30, 2017, distributions of earnings from unconsolidated entities were (1) $35.0 million from lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities, (2) $12.9 million from rialto unconsolidated entities, and (3) $89.7 million from lennar multifamily unconsolidated entities.
during 2016, cash provided by operating activities was positively impacted by our net earnings, a net decrease in loans held-for-sale primarily related to rmf due to the timing of the securitizations and an increase in accounts payable and other liabilities, partially offset by a smaller increase in inventories than in 2015 due to our soft-pivot strategy, and an increase in receivables and other assets. for the year ended november 30, 2016, distributions of earnings from unconsolidated entities were (1) $86.3 million from lennar multifamily unconsolidated entities, (2) $14.0 million from rialto unconsolidated entities, and (3) $1.7 million from lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities.
during 2015, cash used in operating activities was impacted by an increase in inventories due to strategic land purchases and land development costs, an increase of $213.5 million in rialto loans held-for-sale related to rmf and an increase of $105.2 million in lennar financial services loans held-for-sale, partially offset by our net earnings and an increase in accounts payable and other liabilities. for the year ended november 30, 2015, distributions of earnings from unconsolidated entities were (1) $26.3 million from lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities, (2) $21.1 million from lennar multifamily unconsolidated entities, and (3) $13.3 million from rialto unconsolidated entities.
investing cash flow activities during 2017, 2016 and 2015, cash used in investing activities totaled $869.8 million, $85.8 million and $98.4 million, respectively. during 2017, our cash used in investing activities was primarily due to our $611.1 million acquisition of wci, net of cash acquired. in addition, we had cash contributions to unconsolidated entities of $430.3 million, which included (1) $261.9 million to lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities primarily for working capital and paydowns of joint venture debt, including $120.7 million to five point, (2) $119.7 million to lennar multifamily unconsolidated entities primarily for working capital and (3) $48.7 million to rialto unconsolidated entities comprised primarily of $32.9 million contributed to rialto real estate fund iii ("fund iii"), $8.8 million contributed to the rialto credit partnership, lp ("rcp") and $7.0 million contributed to other investments. in addition, cash used in investing activities was impacted by purchases of cmbs bonds by our rialto segment. this was partially offset by the receipt of $165.4 million of principal payments on loans receivable and other, $86.6 million of proceeds from the sales of reo and distributions of capital from unconsolidated entities of $207.3 million, which primarily included (1) $83.0 million from lennar multifamily unconsolidated entities, of which $26.8 million was distributed by the venture, (2) $80.9 million from lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities, and (3) $41.6 million from rialto unconsolidated entities comprised primarily of $21.2 million distributed by rialto real estate fund ii, lp (" fund ii"), $5.4 million distributed by fund iii, $7.0 million distributed by the rialto mezzanine partners fund, lp ("mezzanine fund"), and $5.4 million distributed by the cmbs funds.
during 2016, our cash used in investing activities was primarily impacted by cash contributions to unconsolidated entities of (1) $198.2 million to lennar multifamily unconsolidated entities primarily related to contributions to the venture, (2) $184.2 million to lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities primarily for working capital, (3) $43.4 million to rialto unconsolidated entities comprised of $28.8 million contributed to the cmbs funds, $7.2 million contributed to fund iii, $5.7 million contributed to rcp and $1.7 million contributed to other investments. in addition, cash used in investing activities was
39
impacted by purchases of cmbs by our rialto segment and origination of loans receivable primarily related to floating rate loans originated by rmf. this was partially offset by distributions of capital from unconsolidated entities of (1) $251.2 million from lennar multifamily unconsolidated entities, of which $193.7 million was distributed by the venture, (2) $44.6 million from lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities, and (3) $27.4 million from rialto unconsolidated entities comprised of $12.8 million distributed by fund ii, $11.7 million distributed by the mezzanine fund and $2.9 million distributed by the cmbs funds; by the receipt of $97.9 million of proceeds from the sales of reo; and receipt of $84.4 million of principal payments on loans receivable and settlement of accrual loans.
during 2015, our cash used in investing activities was primarily impacted by cash contributions to unconsolidated entities of (1) $210.7 million to lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities primarily for working capital, (2) $63.0 million to rialto unconsolidated entities comprised of $41.7 million contributed to fund ii, $13.3 million contributed to the mezzanine fund and $8.0 million contributed to the cmbs funds, and (3) $41.3 million to lennar multifamily unconsolidated entities primarily for working capital. in addition, cash used in investing activities was impacted by purchases of investment securities and loans held-for-investments. this was partially offset by the receipt of $73.7 million of proceeds from the sale of a lennar homebuilding operating property, $155.3 million of proceeds from the sale of reo and by distributions of capital from unconsolidated entities of (1) $118.0 million from lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities, (2) $78.1 million from lennar multifamily unconsolidated entities, of which $55.3 million was distributed by the venture, and (3) $22.9 million from rialto unconsolidated entities comprised of $16.9 million distributed by fund ii, $3.4 million distributed by the mezzanine fund and $2.6 million distributed by the cmbs funds.
financing cash flow activities during 2017, 2016 and 2015, our cash provided by (used in) financing activities totaled $1.2 billion, ($250.9) million and $394.7 million, respectively. during 2017, our cash provided by financing activities was primarily attributed to the receipt of proceeds related to the (1) issuance of $600 million aggregate principal amount of 4.125% senior notes due 2022 (the "4.125% senior notes"), (2) issuance of $650 million aggregate principal amount of 4.50% senior notes due 2024 (the "4.50% senior notes"), (3) issuance of $300 million aggregate principal amount of 2.95% senior notes due 2020 (the "2.95% senior notes"), (4) issuance of $900 million aggregate principal amount of 4.750% senior notes due 2027 (the "4.750% senior notes"), (5) $31.2 million of proceeds from other borrowings, (6) $99.6 million of proceeds from the issuance of rialto notes payable and (7) $195.5 million of proceeds from other liabilities. this was partially offset by (1) the retirement of $400 million aggregate principal amount of our 12.25% senior notes due 2017 (the "12.25% senior notes"), (2) the redemption of $400 million aggregate principal amount of our 4.75% senior notes due 2017 (the "4.75% senior notes"), (3) the redemption of $250 million principal amount of our 6.875% senior notes due 2021 that had been issued by wci, (4) $199.7 million of net repayments under our warehouse facilities, which was comprised of $139.8 million of net repayments under our lennar financial services warehouse repurchase facilities and $59.9 million of net repayments under our rialto warehouse facilities, (5) $74.4 million of payments related to noncontrolling interests, and (5) $139.7 million of principal payments on other borrowings. the proceeds from the issuance of the 2.95% senior notes and the 4.750% senior notes will be used primarily to pay the cash portion of the consideration related to the merger with calatlantic.
during 2016, our cash used in financing activities was primarily impacted by (1) the redemption of $250 million aggregate principal amount of our 6.50% senior notes due april 2016 (the "6.50% senior notes"), (2) $234.0 million of cash payments in connection with exchanges or conversions of our 2.75% convertible senior notes due december 2020 (the "2.75% convertible senior notes"), (3) $211.0 million of principal payments on other borrowings, (4) $111.3 million of net repayments under our rialto's warehouse repurchase facilities, and (5) $127.4 million of payments related to noncontrolling interests. the cash used in financing activities was partially offset by the receipt of proceeds of the sale of $500 million aggregate principal amount of our 4.750% senior notes due 2021 and $218.8 million of net borrowings under our lennar financial services' warehouse repurchase facilities.
during 2015, our cash provided by financing activities was primarily attributed to the receipt of proceeds related to the sale of (1) $400 million aggregate principal amount of 4.875% senior notes due 2023, (2) an additional $250 million aggregate principal amount of our 4.50% senior notes due november 2019, and (3) $500 million aggregate principal amount of our 4.750% senior notes due 2025; proceeds of $101.6 million from other borrowings; and net borrowings of $366.3 million under our lennar financial services' and rialto's warehouse repurchase facilities. the cash provided by financing activities was partially offset by the redemption of $500 million principal amount of our 5.60% senior notes due 2015, exchanges and conversions of $212.1 million principal amount of our 2.75% convertible senior notes, principal payments of $258.1 million on other borrowings, and payments of $133.4 million related to noncontrolling interests.
40
debt to total capital ratios are financial measures commonly used in the homebuilding industry and are presented to assist in understanding the leverage of our lennar homebuilding operations. lennar homebuilding debt to total capital and net lennar homebuilding debt to total capital were calculated as follows:
november 30,
(dollars in thousands)                                              2017                   2016
lennar homebuilding debt                                 $6,410,003              4,575,977
stockholders' equity                                      7,872,317              7,026,042
total capital                                           $14,282,320             11,602,019
lennar homebuilding debt to total capital                      44.9    %              39.4    %
lennar homebuilding debt                                 $6,410,003              4,575,977
less: lennar homebuilding cash and cash equivalents       2,282,925              1,050,138
net lennar homebuilding debt                             $4,127,078              3,525,839
lennar homebuilding net debt to total capital (1)              34.4    %              33.4    %
(1)   lennar homebuilding net debt to total capital is a non-gaap financial measure defined as net lennar homebuilding debt (lennar homebuilding debt less lennar homebuilding cash and cash equivalents) divided by total capital (net lennar homebuilding debt plus stockholders' equity). we believe the ratio of net lennar homebuilding debt to total capital is a relevant and a useful financial measure to investors in understanding the leverage employed in our lennar homebuilding operations. however, because net lennar homebuilding debt to total capital is not calculated in accordance with gaap, this financial measure should not be considered in isolation or as an alternative to financial measures prescribed by gaap. rather, this non-gaap financial measure should be used to supplement our gaap results.
at november 30, 2017, lennar homebuilding debt to total capital was higher compared to the prior year period, primarily as a result of net increase in lennar homebuilding debt due to the issuance of senior notes in order to fund the cash portion of the calatlantic merger as noted below. this was partially offset by an increase in stockholders' equity primarily related to our net earnings.
we are continually exploring various types of transactions to manage our leverage and liquidity positions, take advantage of market opportunities and increase our revenues and earnings. these transactions may include the issuance of additional indebtedness, the repurchase of our outstanding indebtedness for cash or equity, the acquisition of homebuilders and other companies, the purchase or sale of assets or lines of business, the issuance of common stock or securities convertible into shares of common stock, the buyback of shares of common stock, and/or pursuing other financing alternatives. in connection with some of our more recently formed businesses, such as rialto and lennar multifamily, we may also consider other types of transactions such as restructurings, joint ventures, spin-offs or initial public offerings as we intend to move back to being a pure play homebuilding company over time. if any of these transactions are implemented, they could materially impact the amount and composition of our indebtedness outstanding, increase or decrease our interest expense, dilute our existing stockholders and/or affect the net book value of our assets. at november 30, 2017, we had a merger agreement with calatlantic discussed below that included the cash consideration portion that caused us to issue the 2.95% senior notes and 4.750% senior notes as noted in the financing cash flow activities above.
on october 29, 2017, lennar and a wholly-owned subsidiary of lennar ("merger sub") entered into an agreement and plan of merger (the "merger agreement") with calatlantic, a homebuilding company. subject to the terms and conditions of the merger agreement, calatlantic will be merged with and into merger sub, with merger sub continuing as the surviving corporation (the "merger"). calatlantic builds well-crafted homes in thoughtfully designed communities that meet the desires of customers across the homebuilding spectrum, from entry level to luxury, in over 43 metropolitan statistical areas spanning 19 states. calatlantic also provides mortgage, title and escrow services.
under the terms of the merger agreement, calatlantic's stockholders will receive 0.885 shares of our class a common stock for each share of calatlantic's common stock. calatlantic's stockholders will also have the option to exchange all or a portion of their shares of common stock for cash in an amount of $48.26 per share (the "cash election option") in lieu of receiving our class a common stock, subject to a maximum cash amount of $1.16 billion. the cash election option will be subject to proration to the extent they exceed the maximum cash amount. a major stockholder of calatlantic has agreed that it will be deemed to elect to exercise the cash election option to the extent actual exercises are less than the maximum amount. therefore, we will pay the maximum amount in cash regardless of how many calatlantic stockholders exercise the cash election option. no fractional shares of our class a common stock will be issued in the merger. any holder of calatlantic's common stock who would be entitled to receive a fraction of a share of our class a common stock will instead receive cash equal to the market value of a share of such class a common stock (based on the last sale price reported on the new york stock exchange on the last trading day before the closing date). on a pro forma basis, calatlantic stockholders are expected to own
41
approximately 26% of the combined company. the transaction, which must be approved by both calatlantic and our stockholders, is expected to close on or shortly after february 12, 2018.
the transaction will make us the largest homebuilder in the united states in terms of revenues. we expect that the transaction will result in significant savings in the cost of producing homes and reductions of general and administrative costs as a percentage of total revenues. when our board of directors was considering the transaction, our management estimated that we expected to achieve cost savings and other synergy benefits from the transaction of approximately $100 million in fiscal year 2018 and $365 million per year after that.
for the year ended december 31, 2017, calatlantic had an average of 565 selling communities, had delivered 14,602 homes at an average sales price of $450,000 and had net new orders of 15,205 homes at an average sales price of $459,000. at december 31, 2017, calatlantic had a backlog of 6,420 home sale contracts with a total backlog dollar value of $3.2 billion.
the following table summarizes our lennar homebuilding senior notes and other debts payable:
november 30,
(dollars in thousands)                 2017   2016
6.95% senior notes due 2018        $249,342               248,474
4.125% senior notes due december 2018         274,459               273,889
4.500% senior notes due 2019         498,793               498,002
4.50% senior notes due 2019         598,325               597,474
2.95% senior notes due 2020         298,305                     -
4.750% senior notes due 2021         497,329               496,547
4.125% senior notes due 2022         595,904                     -
4.750% senior notes due 2022         569,484               568,404
4.875% senior notes due december 2023         394,964               394,170
4.500% senior notes due 2024         645,353                     -
4.750% senior notes due 2025         496,671               496,226
4.75% senior notes due 2027         892,657                     -
4.75% senior notes due december 2017               -               398,479
12.25% senior notes due 2017               -               398,232
mortgages notes on land and other debt         398,417               206,080
$6,410,003             4,575,977
the carrying amounts of the senior notes listed above are net of debt issuance costs of $33.5 million and $22.1 million, as of november 30, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
our lennar homebuilding average debt outstanding was $5.7 billion with an average rate for interest incurred of 4.8% for the year ended november 30, 2017, compared to $5.1 billion with an average rate for interest incurred of 5.1% for the year ended november 30, 2016. interest incurred related to lennar homebuilding debt for the year ended november 30, 2017 was $290.3 million, compared to $281.4 million in 2016. the majority of our short-term financing needs, including financings for land acquisition and development activities and general operating needs, are met with cash generated from operations, proceeds from debt as well as borrowings under our credit facility.
42
the terms of each of our senior notes outstanding at november 30, 2017 were as follows:
senior notes outstanding (1)        principal amount      net proceeds (2)            price   dates issued
(dollars in thousands)
6.95% senior notes due 2018        $250,000            243,900                 98.929    %   may 2010
4.125% senior notes due december 2018         275,000            271,718                 99.998    %   february 2013
4.500% senior notes due 2019         500,000            495,725                    (3)        february 2014
4.50% senior notes due 2019         600,000            595,801                    (4)        november 2014, february 2015
2.95% senior notes due 2020         300,000            298,800                    100    %   november 2017
4.750% senior notes due 2021         500,000            495,974                    100    %   march 2016
4.125% senior notes due 2022         600,000            595,160                    100    %   january 2017
4.750% senior notes due 2022         575,000            567,585                    (5)        october 2012, february 2013, april 2013
4.875% senior notes due december 2023         400,000            393,622                 99.169    %   november 2015
4.500% senior notes due 2024         650,000            644,838                    100    %   april 2017
4.750% senior notes due 2025         500,000            495,528                    100    %   april 2015
4.75% senior notes due 2027         900,000            894,650                    100    %   november 2017
(1)   interest is payable semi-annually for each of the series of senior notes. the senior notes are unsecured and unsubordinated, but are guaranteed by substantially all of the our 100% owned homebuilding subsidiaries.
(2)   we generally uses the net proceeds for working capital and general corporate purposes, which can include the repayment or repurchase of other outstanding senior notes, except the proceeds from issuance of our 2.95% senior notes due 2020 and our 4.750% senior notes due 2027 will be used primarily for the cash election option in connection with the merger of calatlantic.
(3)   we issued $400 million aggregate principal amount at a price of 100% and $100 million aggregate principal amount at a price of 100.5%.
(4)   we issued $350 million aggregate principal amount at a price of 100% and $250 million aggregate principal amount at a price of 100.25%.
(5)   we issued $350 million aggregate principal amount at a price of 100%, $175 million aggregate principal amount at a price of 98.073% and $50 million aggregate principal amount at a price of 98.250%.
in november 2017, we redeemed the $400 million aggregate principal amount of our 4.75% senior notes due 2017. the redemption price, which was paid in cash, was 100% of the principal amount plus accrued interest.
in november 2017, we issued $300 million aggregate principal amount of 2.95% senior notes and $900 million aggregate principal amount of 4.750% senior notes at a price of 100% in a private placement. proceeds from the offering, after payment of initial purchaser's discount and certain expenses, were $1.19 billion. we intend to use the net proceeds of this offering to fund the portion of cash consideration payable by us in connection with the merger, to pay expenses related to the merger and for general corporate purposes. interest on the 2.95% senior notes and 4.750% senior notes is due semi-annually beginning may 29, 2018.
in august 2017, we redeemed the $250 million aggregate principal amount of the 6.875% senior notes due 2021 that we assumed as a result of our wci acquisition in february 2017. the redemption price, which was paid in cash, was 103.438% of the principal amount plus accrued but unpaid interest up to, but not including, the redemption date. there was no gain or loss recorded on redemption as it had been recorded at fair value on the acquisition date.
in march 2017, we retired our 12.25% senior notes for 100% of the $400 million aggregate principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest.
currently, substantially all of our 100% owned homebuilding subsidiaries are guaranteeing all our senior notes (the "guaranteed notes"). the guarantees are full and unconditional. the principal reason our 100% owned homebuilding subsidiaries are guaranteeing the guaranteed notes is so holders of the guaranteed notes will have rights at least as great with regard to those subsidiaries as any other holders of a material amount of our unsecured debt. therefore, the guarantees of the guaranteed notes will remain in effect with regard to a guarantor subsidiary only while it guarantees a material amount of the debt of lennar corporation, as a separate entity, to others. at any time when a guarantor subsidiary is no longer guaranteeing at least $75 million of lennar corporation's debt other than the guaranteed notes, either directly or by guaranteeing other subsidiaries' obligations as guarantors of lennar corporation's debt, the guarantor subsidiary's guarantee of the guaranteed notes will be suspended. therefore, if the guarantor subsidiaries cease guaranteeing lennar corporation's obligations under our credit facility and our letter of credit facilities and are not guarantors of any new debt, the guarantor subsidiaries' guarantees of the guaranteed notes will be suspended until such time, if any, as they again are guaranteeing at least $75 million of lennar corporation's debt other than the guaranteed notes.
43
if our guarantor subsidiaries are guaranteeing revolving credit lines totaling at least $75 million, we will treat the guarantees of the guaranteed notes as remaining in effect even during periods when lennar corporation's borrowings under the revolving credit lines are less than $75 million. a subsidiary will be released from its guarantee and any other obligations it may have regarding the senior notes if all or substantially all its assets, or all of its capital stock, are sold or otherwise disposed of.
in may 2017, we amended our credit facility to increase the maximum borrowings from $1.8 billion to $2.0 billion and extended the maturity on $1.4 billion of the credit facility from june 2020 to june 2022, with another $160 million maturing in june 2018 and the remaining $50 million maturing in june 2020. as of november 30, 2017, the credit facility included a $403 million accordion feature, subject to additional commitments. the proceeds available under our credit facility, which are subject to specified conditions for borrowing, may be used for working capital and general corporate purposes. the credit agreement also provides that up to $500 million in commitments may be used for letters of credit. as of both november 30, 2017 and 2016, we had no outstanding borrowings under the credit facility. we may from time to time, borrow and repay amounts under our credit facility. consequently, the amount outstanding under the credit facility at the end of a period may not be reflective of the total amounts outstanding during the period. in addition, we had $330 million letter of credit facilities with different financial institutions at november 30, 2017.
under the amended credit agreement executed in may 2017, as of the end of each fiscal quarter, we are required to maintain minimum consolidated tangible net worth of approximately $4.2 billion plus the sum of 50% of the cumulative consolidated net income from february 28, 2017, if positive, and 50% of the net cash proceeds from any equity offerings from and after february 28, 2017, minus the lesser of 50% of the amount paid after may 18, 2017 to repurchase common stock and $100 million. we are required to maintain a leverage ratio that shall not exceed 65% and may be reduced by 2.5% per quarter if our interest coverage ratio is less than 2.25:1.00 for two consecutive fiscal calendar quarters. the leverage ratio will have a floor of 60%. if our interest coverage ratio subsequently exceeds 2.25:1.00 for two consecutive fiscal calendar quarters, the leverage ratio we will be required to maintain will be increased by 2.5% per quarter to a maximum of 65%. as of the end of each fiscal quarter, we are also required to maintain either (1) liquidity in an amount equal to or greater than 1.00x consolidated interest incurred for the last twelve months then ended or (2) an interest coverage ratio equal to or greater than 1.50:1.00 for the last twelve months then ended. we believe that we were in compliance with our debt covenants at november 30, 2017
the following summarizes our required debt covenants and our actual levels or ratios with respect to those covenants as calculated per the credit agreement as of november 30, 2017:
(dollars in thousands)         covenant level           level achieved as of november 30, 2017
minimum net worth test      $4,498,214                         6,476,907
maximum leverage ratio            65.0      %                       32.8                     %
liquidity test (1)                1.00                              8.13
(1)   we are only required to maintain either (1) liquidity in an amount equal to or greater than 1.00x consolidated interest incurred for the last twelve months then ended or (2) an interest coverage ratio of equal to or greater than 1.50:1.00 for the last twelve months then ended. although we are in compliance with our debt covenants for both calculations, we have only disclosed our liquidity test.
the terms minimum net worth test, maximum leverage ratio, liquidity test and interest coverage ratio used in the credit agreement are specifically calculated per the credit agreement and differ in specified ways from comparable gaap or common usage terms.
our performance letters of credit outstanding were $384.4 million and $270.8 million at november 30, 2017 and 2016, respectively. our financial letters of credit outstanding were $127.4 million and $210.3 million at november 30, 2017 and 2016, respectively. performance letters of credit are generally posted with regulatory bodies to guarantee the performance of certain development and construction activities. financial letters of credit are generally posted in lieu of cash deposits on option contracts, for insurance risks, credit enhancements and as other collateral. additionally, at november 30, 2017, we had outstanding surety bonds of $1.3 billion including performance surety bonds related to site improvements at various projects (including certain projects of our joint ventures) and financial surety bonds.
44
at november 30, 2017, our lennar financial services segment warehouse facilities were as follows:
(in thousands)        maximum aggregate commitment
364-day warehouse repurchase facility that matures december 2017 (1) (2)                $400,000
364-day warehouse repurchase facility that matures march 2018 (3)                 150,000
364-day warehouse repurchase facility that matures june 2018                 600,000
364-day warehouse repurchase facility that matures september 2018                 300,000
total              $1,450,000
(1)   maximum aggregate commitment includes an uncommitted amount of $250 million.
(2)   subsequent to november 30, 2017, the warehouse repurchase facility maturity was extended to december 2018.
(3)   maximum aggregate commitment includes an uncommitted amount of $75 million.
our lennar financial services segment uses these facilities to finance its lending activities until the mortgage loans are sold to investors and the proceeds are collected. the facilities are non-recourse to us and are expected to be renewed or replaced with other facilities when they mature. borrowings under the facilities and their prior year predecessors were $937.2 million and $1.1 billion, at november 30, 2017 and 2016, respectively, and were collateralized by mortgage loans and receivables on loans sold to investors but not yet paid for with outstanding principal balances of $974.1 million and $1.1 billion, at november 30, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the combined effective interest rate on the facilities at november 30, 2017 was 3.6%. if the facilities are not renewed or replaced, the borrowings under the lines of credit will be paid off by selling the mortgage loans held-for-sale to investors and by collecting on receivables on loans sold but not yet paid. without the facilities, the lennar financial services segment would have to use cash from operations and other funding sources to finance its lending activities.
at november 30, 2017, our rialto warehouse facilities were as follows:
(in thousands)                                                                                maximum aggregate commitment warehouse repurchase facility that matures december 2017 (1)                                          $200,000
364-day warehouse repurchase facility that matures january 2018 (2)                                    250,000
364-day warehouse repurchase facility that matures october 2018                                        400,000
364-day warehouse repurchase facility that matures november 2018 (one year extension)                  200,000
total - loans origination and securitization business (rmf)                                         $1,050,000
warehouse repurchase facility that matures august 2018 (two - one year extensions) (3)                 100,000
totals                                                                                              $1,150,000
(1)   subsequent to november 30, 2017, the warehouse repurchase facility maturity date was extended to december 2019.
(2)   subsequent to november 30, 2017, the warehouse repurchase facility maturity date was extended to december 2018 and the maximum aggregate commitment of the facility was reduced to $200 million.
(3)   rialto uses this warehouse repurchase facility to finance the origination of floating rate accrual loans, which are reported as accrual loans within loans receivable, net. there were no borrowings under this facility as of november 30, 2017. borrowings under this facility were $43.3 million as of november 30, 2016.
borrowings under the facilities that finance rmf's loan originations and securitization activities were $162.1 million and $180.2 million as of november 30, 2017 and 2016, respectively, and were secured by a 75% interest in the originated commercial loans financed. the facilities require immediate repayment of the 75% interest in the secured commercial loans when the loans are sold in a securitization and the proceeds are collected. these warehouse repurchase facilities are non-recourse to us and are expected to be renewed or replaced with other facilities when they mature.
as of november 30, 2017 and 2016, the carrying amount, net of debt issuance costs, of rialto's 7.00% senior notes was $349.4 million and $348.7 million, respectively. under the indenture, rialto is subject to certain covenants limiting, among other things, rialto's ability to incur indebtedness, to make investments, to make distributions to, or enter into transactions with lennar or to create liens, subject to certain exceptions and qualifications. rialto also has quarterly and annual reporting requirements, similar to an sec registrant, to holders of the 7.00% senior notes. we believe rialto was in compliance with its debt covenants at november 30, 2017.
changes in capital structure we have a stock repurchase program adopted in 2001, which originally authorized us to purchase up to 20 million shares of our outstanding common stock. during the years ended november 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015, there were no repurchases of common stock under the stock repurchase program. as of november 30, 2017, the remaining authorized shares that can be purchased under the stock repurchase program were 6.2 million shares of common stock.
45
during the years ended november 30, 2017 and 2016, treasury stock increased by 0.6 million shares and 0.1 million shares of class a common stock, respectively, primarily due to activity related to our equity compensation plan.
during the years ended november 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015, our class a and class b common stockholders received a per share annual dividend of $0.16.
on november 27, 2017, we paid a stock dividend of one share of class b common stock for each 50 shares of class a common stock or class b common stock to holders of record at the close of business on november 10, 2017, as declared by our board of directors on october 30, 2017.
based on our current financial condition and credit relationships, we believe that our operations and borrowing resources will provide for our current and long-term capital requirements at our anticipated levels of activity.
off-balance sheet arrangements lennar homebuilding - investments in unconsolidated entities at november 30, 2017, we had equity investments in 38 homebuilding and land unconsolidated entities (of which 3 had recourse debt, 10 had non-recourse debt and 25 had no debt), compared to 38 homebuilding and land unconsolidated entities at november 30, 2016. historically, we have invested in unconsolidated entities that acquired and developed land (1) for our homebuilding operations or for sale to third parties or (2) for the construction of homes for sale to third-party homebuyers. through these entities, we have primarily sought to reduce and share our risk by limiting the amount of our capital invested in land, while obtaining access to potential future homesites and allowing us to participate in strategic ventures. the use of these entities also, in some instances, has enabled us to acquire land which we could not otherwise obtain access, or could not obtain access on as favorable terms, without the participation of a strategic partner. participants in these joint ventures have been land owners/developers, other homebuilders and financial or strategic partners. joint ventures with land owners/developers have given us access to homesites owned or controlled by our partners. joint ventures with other homebuilders have provided us with the ability to bid jointly with our partners for large land parcels. joint ventures with financial partners have allowed us to combine our homebuilding expertise with access to our partners' capital. joint ventures with strategic partners have allowed us to combine our homebuilding expertise with the specific expertise (e.g. commercial or infill experience) of our partner. each joint venture is governed by an executive committee consisting of members from the partners.
although the strategic purposes of our joint ventures and the nature of our joint ventures' partners vary, the joint ventures are generally designed to acquire, develop and/or sell specific assets during a limited life-time. the joint ventures are typically structured through non-corporate entities in which control is shared with our venture partners. each joint venture is unique in terms of its funding requirements and liquidity needs. we and the other joint venture participants typically make pro-rata cash contributions to the joint venture. in many cases, our risk is limited to our equity contribution and potential future capital contributions. additionally, most joint ventures obtain third-party debt to fund a portion of the acquisition, development and construction costs of their communities. the joint venture agreements usually permit, but do not require, the joint ventures to make additional capital calls in the future. however, capital calls relating to the repayment of joint venture debt under payment guarantees generally is required.
under the terms of our joint venture agreements, we generally have the right to share in earnings and distributions of the entities on a pro-rata basis based on our ownership percentage. some joint venture agreements provide for a different allocation of profit and cash distributions if and when the cumulative results of the joint venture exceed specified targets (such as a specified internal rate of return). lennar homebuilding equity in earnings (loss) from unconsolidated entities excludes our pro-rata share of joint ventures' earnings resulting from land sales to our homebuilding divisions. instead, we account for those earnings as a reduction of our costs of purchasing the land from the joint ventures or reduce the investment in certain cost sharing unconsolidated entities. this in effect defers recognition of our share of the joint ventures' earnings related to these sales until we deliver a home and title passes to a third-party homebuyer.
in many instances, we are designated as the manager of a venture under the direction of a management committee that has shared power among the partners of the unconsolidated entity and we receive fees for such services. in addition, we often enter into option or purchase contracts to acquire properties from our joint ventures, generally for market prices at specified dates in the future. option contracts, in some instances, require us to make deposits using cash or irrevocable letters of credit toward the exercise price. these option deposits are generally negotiated on a case by case basis.
we regularly monitor the results of our unconsolidated joint ventures and any trends that may affect their future liquidity or results of operations. joint ventures in which we have investments may be subject to a variety of financial and non-financial debt covenants related primarily to equity maintenance, fair value of collateral and minimum homesite takedown or sale requirements. we monitor the performance of joint ventures in which we have investments on a regular basis to assess compliance with debt covenants. for those joint ventures not in compliance with the debt covenants, we evaluate and assess possible impairment of our investment.
46
our arrangements with joint ventures generally do not restrict our activities or those of the other participants. however, in certain instances, we agree not to engage in some types of activities that may be viewed as competitive with the activities of these ventures in the localities where the joint ventures do business.
as discussed above, the joint ventures in which we invest generally supplement equity contributions with third-party debt to finance their activities. in some instances, the debt financing is non-recourse, thus neither we nor the other equity partners are a party to the debt instruments. in other cases, we and the other partners agree to provide credit support in the form of repayment guarantees.
material contractual obligations of our unconsolidated joint ventures primarily relate to the debt obligations described above. the joint ventures generally do not enter into lease commitments because the entities are managed either by us, or another of the joint venture participants, who supply the necessary facilities and employee services in exchange for market-based management fees. however, they do enter into management contracts with the participants who manage them. some joint ventures also enter into agreements with developers, which may be us or other joint venture participants, to develop raw land into finished homesites or to build homes.
the joint ventures often enter into option or purchase agreements with buyers, which may include us or other joint venture participants, to deliver homesites or parcels in the future at market prices. option deposits are recorded by the joint ventures as liabilities until the exercise dates at which time the deposit and remaining exercise proceeds are recorded as revenue. any forfeited deposit is recognized as revenue at the time of forfeiture. our unconsolidated joint ventures generally do not enter into off-balance sheet arrangements.
as described above, the liquidity needs of joint ventures in which we have investments vary on an entity-by-entity basis depending on each entity's purpose and the stage in its life cycle. during formation and development activities, the entities generally require cash, which is provided through a combination of equity contributions and debt financing, to fund acquisition and development of properties. as the properties are completed and sold, cash generated is available to repay debt and for distribution to the joint venture's members. thus, the amount of cash available for a joint venture to distribute at any given time is primarily a function of the scope of the joint venture's activities and the stage in the joint venture's life cycle.
we track our share of cumulative earnings and cumulative distributions of our joint ventures. for purposes of classifying distributions received from joint ventures in our statements of cash flows, cumulative distributions are treated as returns on capital to the extent of cumulative earnings and included in our consolidated statements of cash flows as cash flow from operating activities. cumulative distributions in excess of our share of cumulative earnings are treated as returns of capital and included in our consolidated statements of cash flows as cash flows from investing activities.
summarized financial information on a combined 100% basis related to lennar homebuilding's unconsolidated entities that are accounted for by the equity method was as follows:
statements of operations and selected information years ended november 30,
(dollars in thousands)                                                                         2017                  2016                  2015
revenues                                                                              $471,899               439,874             1,309,517
costs and expenses                                                                     616,217               578,831               969,509
other income                                                                            23,253                     -                49,343
net earnings (loss) of unconsolidated entities                                       $(121,065    )         (138,957    )          389,351
lennar homebuilding equity in earnings (loss) from unconsolidated entities            $(61,708    )          (49,275    )           63,373
lennar homebuilding cumulative share of net earnings - deferred at november 30         $47,621                41,495                42,651
lennar homebuilding investments in unconsolidated entities                            $900,769               811,723               741,551
equity of the unconsolidated entities                                               $4,196,811             3,765,336             2,692,360
lennar homebuilding investment % in the unconsolidated entities (1)                         21    %               22    %               28    %
(1)   our share of profit and cash distributions from operations could be higher compared to our ownership interest in unconsolidated entities if certain specified internal rate of return or cash flow milestones are achieved.
for the year ended november 30, 2017, one of our unconsolidated entities had equity in earnings of $11.9 million relating to an equity method investee selling 475 homesites to a third-party land bank. simultaneous with the purchase by the land bank, we entered into an option contract to purchase all 475 homesites from the land bank. due to our involvement with respect to the homesites sold from the investee entity, we deferred all of our equity in earnings from the unconsolidated entity relating to the sale transaction, which amounted to $4.9 million.
47
for the year ended november 30, 2017, lennar homebuilding equity in loss from unconsolidated entities was primarily attributable to our share of net operating losses from our unconsolidated entities, which were primarily driven by general and administrative expenses and valuation adjustments related to assets of lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities, partially offset by the profits from land sales.
for the year ended november 30, 2016, lennar homebuilding equity in loss from unconsolidated entities was primarily attributable to our share of costs associated with the fivepoint combination and operational net losses from the new fivepoint unconsolidated entity, totaling $42.6 million. this was partially offset by $12.7 million of equity in earnings primarily due to sales of homesites to third parties by one of our unconsolidated entities.
for the year ended november 30, 2015, lennar homebuilding equity in earnings included $82.8 million of equity in earnings from one of our unconsolidated entities primarily due to (1) sales of approximately 800 homesites to a joint venture in which we have a 50% investment and for which our portion of the gross profit from the sale was deferred, (2) sales of approximately 700 homesites and a commercial property to third parties and (3) a gain on debt extinguishment. in addition, for the year ended november 30, 2015, net earnings of unconsolidated entities included sales of approximately 300 homesites to us by one of our unconsolidated entities that resulted in $49.3 million of gross profit, of which our portion was deferred.
balance sheets november 30,
(in thousands)                                         2017   2016
assets:
cash and cash equivalents                     $953,261               221,334
inventories                                  3,751,525             3,889,795
other assets                                 1,061,507             1,334,116
$5,766,293             5,445,245
liabilities and equity:
accounts payable and other liabilities        $832,151               791,245
debt (1)                                       737,331               888,664
equity                                       4,196,811             3,765,336
$5,766,293             5,445,245
(1)   debt is net of debt issuance costs of $5.7 million and $4.2 million, for the years ended november 30, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
on may 2, 2016, we contributed, or obtained the right to contribute, our investment in three strategic joint ventures previously managed by fivepoint communities in exchange for an investment in a fivepoint entity. the fair values of the assets contributed to this fivepoint entity are included within the unconsolidated entities summarized condensed balance sheet presented above. a portion of the assets of one of the three strategic joint ventures transferred to a new unconsolidated entity was retained by us and our venture partner. the transactions did not have a material impact to our financial position or cash flows for the year ended november 30, 2016. for the year ended november 30, 2016, we recorded $42.6 million of our share of combination costs and operational net losses in equity in loss from unconsolidated entities on the consolidated statement of operations.
in may 2017, fivepoint completed its initial public offering ("ipo"). concurrent with the ipo, we invested an additional $100 million in fivepoint in a private placement. as of november 30, 2017, we own approximately 40% of fivepoint and the carrying amount of our investment is $359.2 million.
as of november 30, 2017 and 2016, our recorded investments in lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities were $900.8 million and $811.7 million, respectively, while the underlying equity in lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities partners' net assets as of november 30, 2017 and 2016 was $1.3 billion and $1.2 billion, respectively. the basis difference is primarily as a result of us contributing our investment in three strategic joint ventures with a higher fair value than book value for an investment in the fivepoint entity and deferring equity in earnings on land sales to us.
the lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities in which we have investments usually finance their activities with a combination of partner equity and debt financing. in some instances, we and our partners have guaranteed debt of certain unconsolidated entities.
48
debt to total capital of the lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities in which we have investments was calculated as follows:
november 30,
(dollars in thousands)                                               2017                  2016
debt (1)                                                    $737,331               888,664
equity                                                     4,196,811             3,765,336
total capital                                             $4,934,142             4,654,000
debt to total capital of our unconsolidated entities            14.9    %             19.1    %
(1)   debt is net of debt issuance costs of $5.7 million and $4.2 million, for the years ended november 30, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
our investments in lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities by type of venture were as follows:
november 30,
(in thousands)                  2017   2016
land development       $868,015             787,138
homebuilding             32,754              24,585
total investments      $900,769             811,723
indebtedness of an unconsolidated entity is secured by its own assets. some unconsolidated entities own multiple properties and other assets. there is no cross collateralization of debt of different unconsolidated entities. we also do not use our investment in one unconsolidated entity as collateral for the debt of another unconsolidated entity or commingle funds among lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities.
in connection with loans to a lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entity, we and our partners often guarantee to a lender, either jointly and severally or on a several basis, any or all of the following: (i) the completion of the development, in whole or in part, (ii) indemnification of the lender from environmental issues, (iii) indemnification of the lender from "bad boy acts" of the unconsolidated entity (or full recourse liability in the event of an unauthorized transfer or bankruptcy) and (iv) that the loan to value and/or loan to cost will not exceed a certain percentage (maintenance or remargining guarantee) or that a percentage of the outstanding loan will be repaid (repayment guarantee).
the total debt of lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities in which we have investments, including lennar's maximum recourse exposure, were as follows:
november 30,
(dollars in thousands)                                                                    2017                2016
non-recourse bank debt and other debt (partner's share of several recourse)       $64,197              48,945
non-recourse land seller debt and other debt (1)                                    1,997             323,995
non-recourse debt with completion guarantees                                      255,903             147,100
non-recourse debt without completion guarantees                                   351,800             320,372
non-recourse debt to lennar                                                       673,897             840,412
lennar's maximum recourse exposure (2)                                             69,181              52,438
debt issuance costs                                                               $(5,747    )         (4,186    )
total debt                                                                       $737,331             888,664
lennar's maximum recourse exposure as a % of total jv debt                              9    %              6    %
(1)   non-recourse land seller debt and other debt as of november 30, 2016 included a $320 million non-recourse note related to a transaction between one of our unconsolidated entities and another unconsolidated joint venture, which was settled in december 2016.
(2)   as of november 30, 2017, the increase in our maximum recourse exposure was primarily related to us providing repayment guarantees on one new unconsolidated entity's debt.
during the year ended november 30, 2017, our maximum recourse exposure related to indebtedness of lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities increased by $16.7 million, as a result of us providing a repayment guarantee on unconsolidated entities' debt of $24.9 million on lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities debt and an increase in recourse debt due to additional borrowings of $7.1 million, partially offset by a decrease due to $13.9 million primarily related to the joint ventures selling assets and a debt repayment of $1.4 million.
49
the recourse debt exposure in the previous table represents our maximum exposure to loss from guarantees and does not take into account the underlying value of the collateral or the other assets of the borrowers that are available to repay debt or to reimburse us for any payments on our guarantees.
in addition, in most instances in which we have guaranteed debt of a lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entity, our partners have also guaranteed that debt and are required to contribute their share of the guarantee payment. in a repayment guarantee, we and our venture partners guarantee repayment of a portion or all of the debt in the event of a default before the lender would have to exercise its rights against the collateral.
in connection with many of the loans to lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities, we and our joint venture partners (or entities related to them) have been required to give guarantees of completion to the lenders. those completion guarantees may require that the guarantors complete the construction of the improvements for which the financing was obtained. if the construction is to be done in phases, the guarantee generally is limited to completing only the phases as to which construction has already commenced and for which loan proceeds were used.
if we are required to make a payment under any guarantee, the payment would generally constitute a capital contribution or loan to the lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entity and increase our share of any funds the unconsolidated entity distributes.
as of both november 30, 2017 and 2016, the fair values of the repayment and completion guarantees were not material. we believe that as of november 30, 2017, in the event we become legally obligated to perform under a guarantee of the obligation of a lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entity due to a triggering event under a guarantee, the collateral is expected to be sufficient to repay at least a significant portion of the obligation or we and our partners would contribute additional capital into the venture. in certain instances, we have placed performance letters of credit and surety bonds with municipalities for our joint ventures (see note 7 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements).
in view of credit market conditions during the past several years, it is not uncommon for lenders and/or real estate developers, including joint ventures in which we have interests, to assert non-monetary defaults (such as failure to meet construction completion deadlines or declines in the market value of collateral below required amounts) or technical monetary defaults against the real estate developers. in most instances, those asserted defaults are resolved by modifications of the loan terms, additional equity investments or other concessions by the borrowers. in addition, in some instances, real estate developers, including joint ventures in which we have interests, are forced to request temporary waivers of covenants in loan documents or modifications of loan terms, which are often, but not always obtained. however, in some instances developers, including joint ventures in which we have interests, are not able to meet their monetary obligations to lenders, and are thus declared in default. because we sometimes guarantee all or portions of the obligations to lenders of joint ventures in which we have interests, when these joint ventures default on their obligations, lenders may or may not have claims against us. normally, we do not make payments with regard to guarantees of joint venture obligations while the joint ventures are contesting assertions regarding sums due to their lenders. when it is determined that a joint venture is obligated to make a payment that we have guaranteed and the joint venture will not be able to make that payment, we accrue the amounts probable to be paid by us as a liability. although we generally fulfill our guarantee obligations within a reasonable time after we determine that we are obligated with regard to them, at any point in time it is possible that we will have some balance of unpaid guarantee liability. at both november 30, 2017 and 2016, we had no liabilities accrued for unpaid guarantees of joint venture indebtedness on our consolidated balance sheets.
the following table summarizes the principal maturities of our lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities ("jvs") debt as per current debt arrangements as of november 30, 2017 and it does not represent estimates of future cash payments that will be made to reduce debt balances. many jv loans have extension options in the loan agreements that would allow the loans to be extended into future years.
principal maturities of unconsolidated jvs by period
(in thousands)                                   total jvdebt   2018                2019                2020                    thereafter             other maximum recourse debt exposure to lennar       $69,181                 6,560              38,566             24,055             -                      -
debt without recourse to lennar                673,897               179,064             261,194             44,670             186,972                1,997
debt issuance costs                             (5,747      )              -                   -                  -             -                      (5,747   )
total                                         $737,331               185,624             299,760             68,725             186,972                (3,750   )
50
the table below indicates the assets, debt and equity of our 10 largest lennar homebuilding unconsolidated joint venture investments as of november 30, 2017:
(dollars in thousands)                        lennar'sinvestment        total jvassets   maximumrecoursedebtexposureto lennar        totaldebtwithoutrecourseto lennar       total jvdebt        total jvequity         jv debtto totalcapitalratio top ten jvs (1):
fivepoint                                      $359,227            2,496,531             -                                                   69,790                       69,790            1,818,434                             4               %
heritage hills irvine                           115,678              391,879             15,576                                             109,033                      124,609              260,199                            32               %
heritage fields el toro                         111,967            1,593,422             -                                                    9,182                        9,182            1,418,181                             1               %
treasure island community development            41,595              171,265             -                                                   78,377                       78,377               83,220                            49               %
runkle canyon                                    40,025              102,312             -                                                   19,977                       19,977               81,950                            20               %
ballpark village                                 28,893               88,681             -                                                   25,235                       25,235               57,786                            30               %
krome groves land trust                          22,974               89,860             7,616                                               18,639                       26,255               63,209                            29               %
fifth wall ventures spv i                        22,629               22,761             -                                                        -                            -               22,750                             -               %
lennar intergulf (150 ocean)                     17,758               66,414             -                                                   29,095                       29,095               35,515                            45               %
el at monroe                                     17,369               37,584             -                                                    3,770                        3,770               32,794                            10               %
10 largest jv investments                       778,115            5,060,709             23,192                                             363,098                      386,290            3,874,038                             9               %
other jvs                                       122,654              705,584             45,989                                             308,802                      354,791              322,773                            52               %
total                                          $900,769            5,766,293             69,181                                             671,900                      741,081            4,196,811                            15               %
land seller debt and other debt                                                          -                                                    1,997                        1,997
debt issuance costs                                                                      -                                                   (5,747   )                   (5,747   )
total jv debt                                                                            69,181                                             668,150                      737,331
(1)   the 10 largest joint ventures presented above represent the majority of total jvs assets and equity, 34% of total jv maximum recourse debt exposure to lennar and 53% of total jv debt without recourse to lennar. in addition, all of the joint ventures presented in the table above operate in our homebuilding west segment except for krome groves land trust and el at monroe, llc, which operate in our homebuilding east segment.
rialto - investments in unconsolidated entities the following table reflects rialto's investments in funds that invest in and manage real estate related assets and other investments:
november 30,         november 30,           november 30,
2017                 2017                   2016
(in thousands)                       inception year         equity commitments        equity commitments called         commitment to fund by the company       funds contributed by the company                                  investment rialto real estate fund, lp                    2010          $700,006                       $700,006                                $75,000                                 $75,000                    $41,860               58,116
rialto real estate fund ii, lp                 2012         1,305,000                      1,305,000                                100,000                                 100,000                     86,904               96,192
rialto mezzanine partners fund, lp             2013           300,000                        300,000                                 33,799                                  33,799                     19,189               23,643
rialto capital cmbs funds                      2014           119,174                        119,174                                 52,474                                  52,474                     54,018               50,519
rialto real estate fund iii                    2015         1,887,000                        569,482                                140,000                                  40,104                     41,223                9,093
rialto credit partnership, lp                  2016           220,000                        159,886                                 19,999                                  14,534                     13,288                5,794
other investments                                                                                                                                                                                        8,936                2,384
$265,418              245,741
during the years ended november 30, 2017, 2016, and 2015, rialto's share of earnings from unconsolidated entities was $25.4 million, $19.0 million and $22.3 million, respectively.
51
as manager of real estate funds, rialto is entitled to receive additional revenue through carried interests if the funds meet certain performance thresholds. rialto also periodically receives advance distributions related to rialto's carried interests in order to cover income tax obligations resulting from allocations of taxable income to its carried interests in its real estate funds. these distributions are not subject to clawbacks but will reduce future carried interest payments to which rialto becomes entitled from the applicable funds and have been recorded as revenues. the amounts presented in the table below include advance and carried interest distributions received as follows:
years ended november 30,
(in thousands)                                 2017               2016               2015
rialto real estate fund, lp (1)        $36,973              7,633              9,588
rialto real estate fund ii, lp           1,656                100              9,383
rialto real estate fund iii, lp          2,948                  -                  -
rialto mezzanine partners fund, lp         311                750                513
rialto capital cmbs funds                2,281              1,639                516
$44,169             10,122             20,000
(1)   rialto received $36.8 million of distributions, net of prior advance distributions, with regard to its carried interest in rialto real estate fund, lp during the year ended november 30, 2017.
the following table represents amounts rialto would have received had the funds ceased operations and hypothetically liquidated all their investments at their estimated fair values on november 30, 2017, both gross and net of amounts already received as advanced tax distributions. the actual amounts rialto may receive could be materially different from amounts presented in the table below.
(in thousands)                           hypothetical carried interest     paid as advanced tax distribution   paid as carried interest         hypothetical carried interest, net rialto real estate fund, lp                       $166,989                         52,062                      36,824                                   78,103
rialto real estate fund ii, lp (1)                  52,308                         11,139                      -                                        41,169
$219,297                         63,201                      36,824                                  119,272
(1)   net of interests of participating employees (refer to paragraph below).
during 2015, rialto adopted a carried interest incentive plan (the "plan"), under which participating employees in the aggregate may receive up to 40% of the equity units of a limited liability company (a "carried interest entity") that is entitled to distributions made by a fund or other investment vehicle (a "fund") managed by a subsidiary of rialto. as such, those employees receiving equity units in a carried interest entity may benefit from distributions made by a fund to the extent the carried interest entity makes distributions to its equity holders. the units issued to employees are equity awards and are subject to vesting schedules and forfeiture or repurchase provisions in the case of termination of employment.
52
summarized condensed financial information on a combined 100% basis related to rialto's investments in unconsolidated entities that are accounted for by the equity method was as follows:
balance sheets november 30,
(in thousands)                                         2017   2016
assets:
cash and cash equivalents                      $95,552               230,229
loans receivable                               538,317               406,812
real estate owned                              348,601               439,191
investment securities                        1,849,795             1,379,155
investments in partnerships                    393,874               398,535
other assets                                    42,949                29,036
$3,269,088             2,882,958
liabilities and equity:
accounts payable and other liabilities         $48,374                36,131
notes payable (1)                              576,810               532,264
equity                                       2,643,904             2,314,563
$3,269,088             2,882,958
(1)   notes payable are net of debt issuance costs of $3.1 million and $2.9 million, as of november 30, 2017 and november 30, 2016, respectively.
statements of operations and selected information years ended november 30,
(in thousands)                                                         2017                  2016                  2015
revenues                                                      $238,981               200,346               170,921
costs and expenses                                             104,343                96,343                97,162
other income, net (1)                                          109,927                49,342               144,941
net earnings of unconsolidated entities                       $244,565               153,345               218,700
rialto equity in earnings from unconsolidated entities         $25,447                18,961                22,293
rialto's investments in unconsolidated entities               $265,418               245,741               224,869
equity of the unconsolidated entities                       $2,643,904             2,314,563             2,317,588
rialto's investment % in the unconsolidated entities                10    %               11    %               10    %
(1)   other income, net, included realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments.
lennar multifamily - investments in unconsolidated entities at november 30, 2017, lennar multifamily had equity investments in 27 unconsolidated entities that are engaged in multifamily residential developments (of which 13 had non-recourse debt and 14 had no debt), compared to 28 unconsolidated entities at november 30, 2016. we invest in unconsolidated entities that acquire and develop land to construct multifamily rental properties. through these entities, we are focusing on developing a geographically diversified portfolio of institutional quality multifamily rental properties in select u.s. markets. participants in these joint ventures have been financial partners. joint ventures with financial partners have allowed us to combine our development and construction expertise with access to our partners' capital. each joint venture is governed by an operating agreement that provides significant substantive participating voting rights on major decisions to our partners.
the venture is a long-term multifamily development investment vehicle involved in the development, construction and property management of class-a multifamily assets with $2.2 billion in equity commitments, including a $504 million co-investment commitment by us comprised of cash, undeveloped land and preacquisition costs. the venture is currently seeded with 35 undeveloped multifamily assets that were previously purchased or under contract by the lennar multifamily segment totaling approximately 10,600 apartments with projected project costs of $3.9 billion as of november 30, 2017. there are four completed and operating multifamily assets with 1,062 apartments. during the year ended november 30, 2017, $586.4 million in equity commitments were called, of which we contributed $134.9 million representing our pro-rata portion of the called equity. during the year ended november 30, 2017, we received $26.8 million of distributions as a return of capital from the
53
venture, except for distributions of capital related to land contributions. as of november 30, 2017, $1.5 billion of the $2.2 billion in equity commitments had been called, of which we had contributed $350.7 million representing our pro-rata portion of the called equity, resulting in a remaining equity commitment for us of $153.3 million. as of november 30, 2017 and 2016, the carrying value of our investment in the venture was $323.8 million and $198.2 million, respectively.
the joint ventures are typically structured through non-corporate entities in which control is shared with our venture partners. each joint venture is unique in terms of its funding requirements and liquidity needs. we and the other joint venture participants typically make pro-rata cash contributions to the joint venture except for cost over-runs relating to the construction of the project. in all cases, we have been required to provide guarantees of completion and cost over-runs to the lenders and partners. these completion guarantees may require us to complete the improvements for which the financing was obtained. therefore, our risk is limited to our equity contribution, draws on letters of credit and potential future payments under the guarantees of completion and cost over-runs. in certain instances, payments made under the cost over-run guarantees are considered capital contributions.
additionally, the joint ventures obtain third-party debt to fund a portion of the acquisition, development and construction costs of the rental projects. the joint venture agreements usually permit, but do not require, the joint ventures to make additional capital calls in the future. however, the joint venture debt does not have repayment or maintenance guarantees. neither we nor the other equity partners are a party to the debt instruments. in some cases, we agree to provide credit support in the form of a letter of credit provided to the bank.
we regularly monitor the results of our unconsolidated joint ventures and any trends that may affect their future liquidity or results of operations. we also monitor the performance of joint ventures in which we have investments on a regular basis to assess compliance with debt covenants. for those joint ventures not in compliance with the debt covenants, we evaluate and assess possible impairment of our investment. we believe all of the joint ventures were in compliance with their debt covenants at november 30, 2017.
under the terms of our joint venture agreements, we generally have the right to share in earnings and distributions of the entities on a pro-rata basis based on our ownership percentages. most joint venture agreements provide for a different allocation of profit and cash distributions if and when the cumulative results of the joint venture exceed specified targets (such as a specified internal rate of return).
in many instances, we are designated as the development manager and/or the general contractor and/or the property manager of the unconsolidated entity and receive fees for such services. in addition, we do not plan to enter into option and purchase contracts to acquire properties from our lennar multifamily joint ventures.
our arrangements with joint ventures generally do not restrict our activities or those of the other participants. however, in certain instances, we agree not to engage in some types of activities that may be viewed as competitive with the activities of these ventures in the localities where the joint ventures do business.
material contractual obligations of our unconsolidated joint ventures primarily relate to the debt obligations described above. the joint ventures generally do not enter into lease commitments because the entities are managed either by us or the other partners, who supply the necessary facilities and employee services in exchange for market-based management fees. however, they do enter into management contracts with the participants who manage them.
as described above, the liquidity needs of joint ventures in which we have investments vary on an entity-by-entity basis depending on each entity's purpose and the stage in its life cycle. during formation and development activities, the entities generally require cash, which is provided through a combination of equity contributions and debt financing, to fund acquisition, development and construction of multifamily rental properties. as the properties are completed and sold, cash generated will be available to repay debt and for distribution to the joint venture's members. thus, the amount of cash available for a joint venture to distribute at any given time is primarily a function of the scope of the joint venture's activities and the stage in the joint venture's life cycle.
54
summarized financial information on a combined 100% basis related to lennar multifamily's investments in unconsolidated entities that are accounted for by the equity method was as follows:
balance sheets november 30,
(in thousands)                                         2017   2016
assets:
cash and cash equivalents                      $37,073                43,658
operating properties and equipment           2,952,070             2,210,627
other assets                                    36,772                33,703
$3,025,915             2,287,988
liabilities and equity:
accounts payable and other liabilities        $212,123               196,617
notes payable (1)                              879,047               577,085
equity                                       1,934,745             1,514,286
$3,025,915             2,287,988
(1)   notes payable are net of debt issuance costs of $17.6 million and $12.3 million, for the years ended november 30, 2017 and november 30, 2016, respectively.
the following table summarizes the principal maturities of our lennar multifamily unconsolidated entities debt as per current debt arrangements as of november 30, 2017 and does not represent estimates of future cash payments that will be made to reduce debt balances.
principal maturities of lennar multifamily unconsolidated jvs by period
(in thousands)                                      total jvdebt   2018                      2019                      2020                            thereafter              other debt without recourse to lennar multifamily      $896,683                    252,767                   318,082                   299,777               26,057                  -
debt issuance costs                               (17,636      )                   -                         -                         -               -                       (17,636       )
total                                            $879,047                   $252,767                  $318,082                  $299,777               $26,057                 $(17,636      )
statements of operations and selected information years ended november 30,
(in thousands)                                                                         2017                  2016                2015
revenues                                                                       $67,578                45,287              16,309
costs and expenses                                                             108,610                68,976              27,190
other income, net                                                              207,793               191,385              43,340
net earnings of unconsolidated entities                                       $166,761               167,696              32,459
lennar multifamily equity in earnings from unconsolidated entities (1)         $85,739                85,519              19,518
our investments in unconsolidated entities                                    $407,544               318,559             250,876
equity of the unconsolidated entities                                       $1,934,745             1,514,286             817,473
our investment % in the unconsolidated entities (2)                                 21    %               21    %             31    %
(1)   during the years ended november 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015, our lennar multifamily segment sold seven, seven and two operating properties, respectively, through its unconsolidated entities resulting in the segment's $96.7 million, $91.0 million and $22.2 million share of gains, respectively.
(2)   our share of profit and cash distributions from sales of operating properties could be higher compared to our ownership interest in unconsolidated entities if certain specified internal rate of return milestones are achieved.
55
option contracts we often obtain access to land through option contracts, which generally enable us to control portions of properties owned by third parties (including land funds) and unconsolidated entities until we have determined whether to exercise the options.
the table below indicates the number of homesites owned and homesites to which we had access through option contracts with third parties ("optioned") or unconsolidated jvs (i.e., controlled homesites) at november 30, 2017 and 2016:
controlled homesites november 30, 2017        optioned               jvs              total      ownedhomesites      totalhomesites east                17,809          482                    18,291         64,317              82,608
central             10,069               1,135             11,204         31,862              43,066
west                 2,271               3,828              6,099         38,265              44,364
other                1,933                   -              1,933          6,682               8,615
total homesites     32,082               5,445             37,527        141,126             178,653
controlled homesites november 30, 2016        optioned               jvs              total      ownedhomesites      totalhomesites east                17,185          482                    17,667         51,453              69,120
central              5,726               1,135              6,861         32,690              39,551
west                 2,409               4,899              7,308         35,451              42,759
other                1,330                   -              1,330          6,285               7,615
total homesites     26,650               6,516             33,166        125,879             159,045
we evaluate all option contracts for land to determine whether they are vies and, if so, whether we are the primary beneficiary of certain of these option contracts. although we do not have legal title to the optioned land, if we are deemed to be the primary beneficiary or make a significant deposit for optioned land, we may need to consolidate the land under option at the purchase price of the optioned land.
during the year ended november 30, 2017, consolidated inventory not owned increased by $272.3 million with a corresponding increase to liabilities related to consolidated inventory not owned in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of november 30, 2017. the increase was primarily related to a transaction in which one of our unconsolidated entities sold 475 homesites to a third-party land bank and simultaneous with the purchase by the land bank, we entered into an option contract to purchase all 475 homesites from the land bank. we consolidated the option contract with the land bank due to an amount that we would have to pay if we default under the option contract. the consolidation resulted in a $320.1 million increase in consolidated inventory not owned and liabilities related to consolidated not owned. the increase from the land bank transaction was partially offset by us exercising our option to acquire land under previously consolidated contracts. to reflect the purchase price of the inventory consolidated, we had a net reclass related to option deposits from land under development to consolidated inventory not owned in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of november 30, 2017. the liabilities related to consolidated inventory not owned primarily represent the difference between the option exercise prices for the optioned land and our cash deposits.
our exposure to loss related to our option contracts with third parties and unconsolidated entities consisted of our non-refundable option deposits and pre-acquisition costs totaling $137.0 million and $85.0 million at november 30, 2017 and 2016, respectively. additionally, we had posted $51.8 million and $45.1 million of letters of credit in lieu of cash deposits under certain land and option contracts as of november 30, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
56
contractual obligations and commercial commitments the following table summarizes certain of our contractual obligations at november 30, 2017:
payments due by period
(in thousands)                                                               total       less than1 year              1 to 3years              3 to 5years            more than5 years lennar homebuilding - senior notes and other debts payable (1)      $6,448,504         357,655                  1,853,047                1,726,355                2,511,447
lennar financial services - notes and other debts payable              937,431         937,356             75                                    -                        -
rialto - notes and other debts payable (2)                             633,281         183,875                    350,000                   12,485                   86,921
interest commitments under interest bearing debt (3)                 1,494,395         312,568                    471,716                  334,134                  375,977
operating leases                                                       153,172          46,228                     63,072                   31,411                   12,461
other contractual obligations (4)                                      276,600         233,500                     43,100                        -                        -
total contractual obligations (5)                                   $9,943,383       2,071,182                  2,781,010                2,104,385                2,986,806
(1)   the amounts presented in the table above exclude debt issuance costs and any discounts/premiums.
(2)   amounts include notes payable and other debts payable of $350 million related to rialto's 7.00% senior notes and $162.1 million related to the rialto warehouse repurchase facilities. these amounts exclude debt issuance costs and any discounts/premiums.
(3)   interest commitments on variable interest-bearing debt are determined based on the interest rate as of november 30, 2017.
(4)   amounts include $153.3 million remaining equity commitment to fund the venture for future expenditures related to the construction and development of the projects, $99.9 million of commitments to fund rialto's fund iii, $5.5 million of commitments to fund rialto's rcp and an $18.0 million commitment to invest in a real estate investment trust.
(5)   total contractual obligations exclude our gross unrecognized tax benefits and accrued interest and penalties totaling $62.0 million as of november 30, 2017, because we are unable to make reasonable estimates as to the period of cash settlement with the respective taxing authorities.
we are subject to the usual obligations associated with entering into contracts (including option contracts) for the purchase, development and sale of real estate in the routine conduct of our business. option contracts for the purchase of land generally enable us to defer acquiring portions of properties owned by third parties or unconsolidated entities until we have determined whether to exercise our options. this reduces our financial risk associated with land holdings. at november 30, 2017, we had access to 37,527 homesites through option contracts with third parties and unconsolidated entities in which we have investments. at november 30, 2017, we had $137.0 million of non-refundable option deposits and pre-acquisition costs related to certain of these homesites and had posted $51.8 million of letters of credit in lieu of cash deposits under certain land and option contracts.
at november 30, 2017, we had letters of credit outstanding in the amount of $511.8 million (which included the $51.8 million of letters of credit discussed above). these letters of credit are generally posted either with regulatory bodies to guarantee our performance of certain development and construction activities, or in lieu of cash deposits on option contracts, for insurance risks, credit enhancements and as other collateral. additionally, at november 30, 2017, we had outstanding surety bonds of $1.3 billion including performance surety bonds related to site improvements at various projects (including certain projects of our joint ventures) and financial surety bonds. although significant development and construction activities have been completed related to these site improvements, these bonds are generally not released until all of the development and construction activities are completed. as of november 30, 2017, there were approximately $570.4 million, or 44%, of anticipated future costs to complete related to these site improvements. we do not presently anticipate any draws upon these bonds or letters of credit, but if any such draws occur, we do not believe they would have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
our lennar financial services segment had a pipeline of loan applications in process of $2.4 billion at november 30, 2017. loans in process for which interest rates were committed to the borrowers totaled approximately $500 million as of november 30, 2017. substantially all of these commitments were for periods of 60 days or less. since a portion of these commitments is expected to expire without being exercised by the borrowers or borrowers may not meet certain criteria at the time of closing, the total commitments do not necessarily represent future cash requirements.
our lennar financial services segment uses mandatory mortgage-backed securities ("mbs") forward commitments, option contracts, futures contracts and investor commitments to hedge our mortgage-related interest rate exposure. these instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest rate risk. credit risk associated with mbs forward commitments, option contracts, futures contracts and loan sales transactions is managed by limiting our counterparties to investment banks, federally regulated bank affiliates and other investors meeting our credit standards. our risk, in the event of default by the purchaser, is the difference between the contract price and fair value of the mbs forward commitments and the option contracts. at november 30, 2017, we had open commitments amounting to $1.1 billion to sell mbs with varying
57
settlement dates through february 2018 and open futures contracts in the amount of $332.0 million with the settlement dates through september 2024.
the following sections discuss market and financing risk, seasonality and interest rates and changing prices that may have an impact on our business:
market and financing risk we finance our contributions to jvs, land acquisition and development activities, construction activities, financial services activities, rialto activities, lennar multifamily activities and general operating needs primarily with cash generated from operations, debt and equity issuances, as well as borrowings under our credit facility and warehouse repurchase facilities. we also purchase land under option agreements, which enables us to control homesites until we have determined whether to exercise the options. we try to manage the financial risks of adverse market conditions associated with land holdings by what we believe to be prudent underwriting of land purchases in areas we view as desirable growth markets, careful management of the land development process and, until recent years, limitation of risks by using partners to share the costs of purchasing and developing land as well as obtaining access to land through option contracts. although we believed our land underwriting standards were conservative, we did not anticipate the severe decline in land values and the sharply reduced demand for new homes encountered in the prior economic downturn.
seasonality we historically have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, variability in quarterly results. our homebuilding business is seasonal in nature and generally reflects higher levels of new home order activity in our second fiscal quarter and increased deliveries in the second half of our fiscal year. however, periods of economic downturn in the industry can alter seasonal patterns.
interest rates and changing prices inflation can have a long-term impact on us because increasing costs of land, materials and labor result in a need to increase the sales prices of homes. in addition, inflation is often accompanied by higher interest rates, which can have a negative impact on housing demand and the costs of financing land development activities and housing construction. rising interest rates as well as increased material and labor costs, may reduce gross margins. an increase in material and labor costs is particularly a problem during a period of declining home prices. conversely, deflation can impact the value of real estate and make it difficult for us to recover our land costs. therefore, either inflation or deflation could adversely impact our future results of operations.
new accounting pronouncements see note 1 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements for a comprehensive list of new accounting pronouncements.
critical accounting policies and estimates our accounting policies are more fully described in note 1 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this document. as discussed in note 1, the preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america requires management to make estimates and assumptions about future events that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. future events and their effects cannot be determined with absolute certainty. therefore, the determination of estimates requires the exercise of judgment. actual results could differ from those estimates, and such differences may be material to our consolidated financial statements. listed below are those policies and estimates that we believe are critical and require the use of significant judgment in their application.
valuation of deferred tax assets we record income taxes under the asset and liability method, whereby deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on the future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and attributable to operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply in the years in which the temporary differences are expected to be recovered or paid. the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in earnings in the period when the changes are enacted. interest related to unrecognized tax benefits is recognized in the financial statements as a component of income tax expense.
58
a reduction of the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets by a valuation allowance is required if, based on the available evidence, it is more likely than not that such assets will not be realized. accordingly, the need to establish valuation allowances for deferred tax assets is assessed each reporting period by us based on the consolidation of all available positive and negative evidence using a "more-likely-than-not" standard with respect to whether deferred tax assets will be realized. this assessment considers, among other matters, the nature, frequency and severity of current and cumulative losses, actual earnings, forecasts of future profitability, the duration of statutory carryforward periods, our experience with loss carryforwards not expiring unused and tax planning alternatives.
we believe that the accounting estimate for the valuation of deferred tax assets is a critical accounting estimate because of the judgment required in assessing the likely future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our financial statements or tax returns. we base our estimate of deferred tax assets and liabilities on current tax laws and rates and, in certain cases, business plans and other expectations about future outcomes. changes in existing tax laws or rates could affect actual tax results and future business results, which may affect the amount of deferred tax liabilities or the valuation of deferred tax assets over time. our accounting for deferred tax consequences represents our best estimate of future events.
in december 2017, the tax cuts and jobs act was enacted which will have a positive impact on our effective tax rate in 2018 and subsequent years. the tax reform bill will reduce our effective tax rate in 2018 from 34% to approximately 25%. excluded from our 2018 effective tax rate is a one-time non-cash write-down of our deferred tax assets of approximately $70 million that will be recorded in the first quarter of 2018 as a result of our lower effective tax rate.
lennar homebuilding and lennar multifamily operations lennar homebuilding revenue recognition revenues from sales of homes are recognized when the sales are closed and title passes to the new homeowner, the new homeowner's initial and continuing investment is adequate to demonstrate a commitment to pay for the home, the new homeowner's receivable is not subject to future subordination and we do not have a substantial continuing involvement with the new home. revenues from sales of land are recognized when a significant down payment is received, the earnings process is complete, title passes and collectability of the receivable is reasonably assured. we believe that the accounting policy related to revenue recognition is a critical accounting policy because of the significance of revenue.
lennar multifamily revenue recognition our lennar multifamily segment provides management services with respect to the development, construction and property management of rental projects in joint ventures in which we have investments. as a result, our lennar multifamily segment earns and receives fees, which are generally based upon a stated percentage of development and construction costs and a percentage of gross rental collections. these fees are included in lennar multifamily revenue and are recorded over the period in which the services are performed, fees are determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. in addition, our lennar multifamily segment provides general contractor services for the construction of some of its rental projects and recognizes the revenue over the period in which the services are performed under the percentage of completion method. we believe that the accounting policy related to lennar multifamily revenue recognition is a critical accounting policy because it represents a significant portion of our lennar multifamily's revenues and is expected to continue to grow in the future as the segment builds more rental properties.
inventories inventories are stated at cost unless the inventory within a community is determined to be impaired, in which case the impaired inventory is written down to fair value. inventory costs include land, land development and home construction costs, real estate taxes, deposits on land purchase contracts and interest related to development and construction. we review our inventory for indicators of impairment by evaluating each community during each reporting period. the inventory within each community is categorized as finished homes and construction in progress or land under development based on the development state of the community. there were 761 and 693 active communities, excluding unconsolidated entities, as of november 30, 2017 and 2016, respectively. if the undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by a community are less than its carrying amount, an impairment charge is recorded to write down the carrying amount of such community to its estimated fair value.
in conducting our review for indicators of impairment on a community level, we evaluate, among other things, the margins on homes that have been delivered, margins on homes under sales contracts in backlog, projected margins with regard to future home sales over the life of the community, projected margins with regard to future land sales, and the estimated fair value of the land itself. we pay particular attention to communities in which inventory is moving at a slower than anticipated absorption pace and communities whose average sales price and/or margins are trending downward and are anticipated to continue to trend downward. from this review, we identify communities in which to assess if the carrying values exceed their undiscounted cash flows. although gross margin percentages for the year ended november 30, 2017 have decreased compared
59
to the year ended november 30, 2016 primarily due to an increase in direct construction and land costs, revenues have increased for all of our homebuilding segments and homebuilding other, compared to the year ended november 30, 2016. the increase is primarily due to an increase in home deliveries in all of our homebuilding segments and homebuilding other, and an increase in the average sales price of homes delivered in all of our homebuilding segments, but not in homebuilding other.
we estimate the fair value of our communities using a discounted cash flow model. the projected cash flows for each community are significantly impacted by estimates related to market supply and demand, product type by community, homesite sizes, sales pace, sales prices, sales incentives, construction costs, sales and marketing expenses, the local economy, competitive conditions, labor costs, costs of materials and other factors for that particular community. every division evaluates the historical performance of each of its communities as well as current trends in the market and economy impacting the community and its surrounding areas. these trends are analyzed for each of the estimates listed above.
each of the homebuilding markets in which we operate is unique, as homebuilding has historically been a local business driven by local market conditions and demographics. each of our homebuilding markets has specific supply and demand relationships reflective of local economic conditions. our projected cash flows are impacted by many assumptions. some of the most critical assumptions in our cash flow models are our projected absorption pace for home sales, sales prices and costs to build and deliver our homes on a community by community basis.
in order to arrive at the assumed absorption pace for home sales and the assumed sales prices included in our cash flow model, we analyze our historical absorption pace and historical sales prices in the community and in other comparable communities in the geographical area. in addition, we consider internal and external market studies and place greater emphasis on more current metrics and trends, which generally include, but are not limited to, statistics and forecasts on population demographics and on sales prices in neighboring communities, unemployment rates and availability and sales price of competing product in the geographical area where the community is located as well as the absorption pace realized in our most recent quarters and the sales prices included in our current backlog for such communities.
generally, if we notice a variation from historical results over a span of two fiscal quarters, we consider such variation to be the establishment of a trend and adjust our historical information accordingly in order to develop assumptions on the projected absorption pace and sales prices in the cash flow model for a community.
in order to arrive at our assumed costs to build and deliver our homes, we generally assume a cost structure reflecting contracts currently in place with our vendors adjusted for any anticipated cost reduction initiatives or increases in cost structure. those costs assumed are used in our cash flow models for our communities.
since the estimates and assumptions included in our cash flow models are based upon historical results and projected trends, they do not anticipate unexpected changes in market conditions or strategies that may lead to us incurring additional impairment charges in the future.
using all the available information, we calculate our best estimate of projected cash flows for each community. while many of the estimates are calculated based on historical and projected trends, all estimates are subjective and change from market to market and community to community as market and economic conditions change. the determination of fair value also requires discounting the estimated cash flows at a rate we believe a market participant would determine to be commensurate with the inherent risks associated with the assets and related estimated cash flow streams. the discount rate used in determining each asset's fair value depends on the community's projected life and development stage. we generally use a discount rate of approximately 20%, subject to the perceived risks associated with the community's cash flow streams relative to its inventory.
we estimate the fair value of inventory evaluated for impairment based on market conditions and assumptions made by management at the time the inventory is evaluated, which may differ materially from actual results if market conditions or our assumptions change. for example, changes in market conditions and other specific developments or changes in assumptions may cause us to re-evaluate our strategy regarding previously impaired inventory, as well as inventory not currently impaired but for which indicators of impairment may arise if market deterioration occurs, and certain other assets that could result in further valuation adjustments and/or additional write-offs of option deposits and pre-acquisition costs due to abandonment of those options contracts.
we also have access to land inventory through option contracts, which generally enables us to defer acquiring portions of properties owned by third parties and unconsolidated entities until we have determined whether to exercise our options. a majority of our option contracts require a non-refundable cash deposit or irrevocable letter of credit based on a percentage of the purchase price of the land. in determining whether to walk-away from an option contract, we evaluate the option primarily based upon the expected cash flows from the property under option.
our investments in option contracts are recorded at cost unless those investments are determined to be impaired, in which case our investments are written down to fair value. we review option contracts for indicators of impairment during each reporting period. the most significant indicator of impairment is a decline in the fair value of the optioned property such that
60
the purchase and development of the optioned property would no longer meet our targeted return on investment with appropriate consideration given to the length of time available to exercise the option. such declines could be caused by a variety of factors including increased competition, decreases in demand or changes in local regulations that adversely impact the cost of development. changes in any of these factors would cause us to re-evaluate the likelihood of exercising our land options.
if we intend to walk-away from an option contract, we record a charge to earnings in the period such decision is made for the deposit amount and any related pre-acquisition costs associated with the option contract.
we believe that the accounting related to inventory valuation and impairment is a critical accounting policy because: (1) assumptions inherent in the valuation of our inventory are highly subjective and susceptible to change and (2) the impact of recognizing impairments on our inventory has been and could continue to be material to our consolidated financial statements. our evaluation of inventory impairment, as discussed above, includes many assumptions. the critical assumptions include the timing of the home sales within a community, management's projections of selling prices and costs and the discount rate applied to estimate the fair value of the homesites within a community on the balance sheet date. our assumptions on the timing of home sales are critical because the homebuilding industry has historically been cyclical and sensitive to changes in economic conditions such as interest rates, credit availability, unemployment levels and consumer sentiment. changes in these economic conditions could materially affect the projected sales price, costs to develop the homesites and/or absorption rate in a community. our assumptions on discount rates are critical because the selection of a discount rate affects the estimated fair value of the homesites within a community. a higher discount rate reduces the estimated fair value of the homesites within the community, while a lower discount rate increases the estimated fair value of the homesites within a community. because of changes in economic and market conditions and assumptions and estimates required of management in valuing inventory during changing market conditions, actual results could differ materially from management's assumptions and may require material inventory impairment charges to be recorded in the future.
product warranty although we subcontract virtually all aspects of construction to others and our contracts call for the subcontractors to repair or replace any deficient items related to their trades, we are primarily responsible to homebuyers to correct any deficiencies. additionally, in some instances, we may be held responsible for the actions of or losses incurred by subcontractors. warranty and similar reserves for homes are established at an amount estimated to be adequate to cover potential costs for materials and labor with regard to warranty-type claims expected to be incurred subsequent to the delivery of a home. reserves are determined based upon historical data and trends with respect to similar product types and geographical areas. we believe the accounting estimate related to the reserve for warranty costs is a critical accounting estimate because the estimate requires a large degree of judgment.
at november 30, 2017, the reserve for warranty costs was $164.6 million, which included $16.0 million of adjustments to pre-existing warranties from changes in estimates during the current year primarily related to specific claims related to certain of our homebuilding communities and other adjustments as well as $6.3 million of warranties assumed related to the wci acquisition. while we believe that the reserve for warranty costs is adequate, there can be no assurances that historical data and trends will accurately predict our actual warranty costs. additionally, there can be no assurances that future economic or financial developments might not lead to a significant change in the reserve.
lennar homebuilding and lennar multifamily investments in unconsolidated entities we strategically invest in unconsolidated entities that acquire and develop land (1) for our homebuilding operations or for sale to third parties, (2) for construction of homes for sale to third-party homebuyers or (3) for the construction and sale of multifamily rental properties. our lennar homebuilding partners generally are unrelated homebuilders, land owners/developers and financial or other strategic partners. our lennar multifamily partners are all financial partners.
most of the unconsolidated entities through which we acquire and develop land are accounted for by the equity method of accounting because we are not the primary beneficiary or a de-facto agent, and we have a significant, but less than controlling, interest in the entities. we record our investments in these entities in our consolidated balance sheets as "lennar homebuilding or lennar multifamily investments in unconsolidated entities" and our pro-rata share of the entities' earnings or losses in our consolidated statements of operations as "lennar homebuilding or lennar multifamily equity in earnings (loss) from unconsolidated entities," as described in note 5 and note 10 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements. for most unconsolidated entities, we generally have the right to share in earnings and distributions on a pro-rata basis based upon ownership percentages. however, certain lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities and all of our lennar multifamily unconsolidated entities provide for a different allocation of profit and cash distributions if and when cumulative results of the joint venture exceed specified targets (such as a specified internal rate of return). advances to these entities are included in the investment balance.
61
management looks at specific criteria and uses its judgment when determining if we are the primary beneficiary of, or have a controlling interest in, an unconsolidated entity. factors considered in determining whether we have significant influence or we have control include risk and reward sharing, experience and financial condition of the other partners, voting rights, involvement in day-to-day capital and operating decisions and continuing involvement. the accounting policy relating to the use of the equity method of accounting is a critical accounting policy due to the judgment required in determining whether we are the primary beneficiary or have control or significant influence.
as of november 30, 2017, we believe that the equity method of accounting is appropriate for our investments in unconsolidated entities where we are not the primary beneficiary and we do not have a controlling interest, but rather share control with our partners. at november 30, 2017, the lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities in which we had investments had total assets of $5.8 billion and total liabilities of $1.6 billion. at november 30, 2017, the lennar multifamily unconsolidated entities in which we had investments had total assets of $3.0 billion and total liabilities of $1.1 billion.
we evaluate the long-lived assets in unconsolidated entities for indicators of impairment during each reporting period. a series of operating losses of an investee or other factors may indicate that a decrease in the fair value of our investment in the unconsolidated entity below its carrying amount has occurred which is other-than-temporary. the amount of impairment recognized is the excess of the investment's carrying amount over its estimated fair value.
the evaluation of our investment in unconsolidated entities includes certain critical assumptions: (1) projected future distributions from the unconsolidated entities, (2) discount rates applied to the future distributions and (3) various other factors.
our assumptions on the projected future distributions from unconsolidated entities are dependent on market conditions. specifically, distributions are dependent on cash to be generated from the sale of inventory by the lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities or operating assets by the lennar multifamily unconsolidated entities. such long-lived assets are also reviewed for potential impairment by the unconsolidated entities. the unconsolidated entities generally also use a discount rate of between 10% and 20% in their reviews for impairment, subject to the perceived risks associated with the community's cash flow streams relative to its inventory. if a valuation adjustment is recorded by an unconsolidated entity related to its assets, our proportionate share is reflected in our lennar homebuilding or lennar multifamily equity in earnings (loss) from unconsolidated entities with a corresponding decrease to our lennar homebuilding or lennar multifamily investment in unconsolidated entities. we believe our assumptions on the projected future distributions from the unconsolidated entities are critical because the operating results of the unconsolidated entities from which the projected distributions are derived are dependent on the status of the homebuilding industry, which has historically been cyclical and sensitive to changes in economic conditions such as interest rates, credit availability, unemployment levels and consumer sentiment. changes in these economic conditions could materially affect the projected operational results of the unconsolidated entities from which the distributions are derived.
additionally, we evaluate if a decrease in the value of an investment below its carrying amount is other than-temporary. this evaluation includes certain critical assumptions made by management and other factors such as age of the venture, intent and ability for us to recover our investment in the entity, financial condition and long-term prospects of the unconsolidated entity, short-term liquidity needs of the unconsolidated entity, trends in the general economic environment of the land, entitlement status of the land held by the unconsolidated entity, overall projected returns on investments, defaults under contracts with third parties (including bank debt), recoverability of the investment through future cash flows and relationships with the other partners and banks. if the decline in the fair value of the investment is other-than-temporary, then these losses are included in lennar homebuilding other income, net or lennar multifamily costs and expenses.
we believe our assumptions on discount rates are critical accounting policies because the selection of the discount rates affects the estimated fair value of our investments in unconsolidated entities. a higher discount rate reduces the estimated fair value of our investments in unconsolidated entities, while a lower discount rate increases the estimated fair value of our investments in unconsolidated entities. because of changes in economic conditions, actual results could differ materially from management's assumptions and may require material valuation adjustments to our investments in unconsolidated entities to be recorded in the future.
consolidation of variable interest entities gaap requires the consolidation of vies in which an enterprise has a controlling financial interest. a controlling financial interest will have both of the following characteristics: (a) the power to direct the activities of a vie that most significantly impact the vie's economic performance and (b) the obligation to absorb losses of the vie that could potentially be significant to the vie or the right to receive benefits from the vie that could potentially be significant to the vie.
62
our variable interest in vies may be in the form of (1) equity ownership, (2) contracts to purchase assets, (3) management services and development agreements between us and a vie, (4) loans provided by us to a vie or other partner and/or (5) guarantees provided by members to banks and other third parties. we examine specific criteria and use our judgment when determining if we are the primary beneficiary of a vie. factors considered in determining whether we are the primary beneficiary include risk and reward sharing, experience and financial condition of other partner(s), voting rights, involvement in day-to-day capital and operating decisions, representation on a vie's executive committee, existence of unilateral kick-out rights or voting rights, level of economic disproportionality between us and the other partner(s) and contracts to purchase assets from vies.
generally, all major decision making in our joint ventures is shared among all partners. in particular, business plans and budgets are generally required to be unanimously approved by all partners. usually, management and other fees earned by us are nominal and believed to be at market and there is no significant economic disproportionality between us and other partners. generally, we purchase less than a majority of the jv's assets and the purchase prices under our option contracts are believed to be at market.
generally, our unconsolidated entities become vies and consolidate when the other partner(s) lack the intent and financial wherewithal to remain in the entity. as a result, we continue to fund operations and debt paydowns through partner loans or substituted capital contributions. the accounting policy relating to variable interest entities is a critical accounting policy because the determination of whether an entity is a vie and, if so, whether we are primary beneficiary may require us to exercise significant judgment.
lennar financial services operations revenue recognition title premiums on policies issued directly by us are recognized as revenue on the effective date of the title policies and escrow fees and loan origination revenues are recognized at the time the related real estate transactions are completed, usually upon the close of escrow. revenues from title policies issued by independent agents are recognized as revenue when notice of issuance is received from the agent, which is generally when cash payment is received by us. expected gains and losses from the sale of loans and their related servicing rights are included in the measurement of all written loan commitments that are accounted for at fair value through earnings at the time of commitment. interest income on loans held-for-sale and loans held-for-investment is recognized as earned over the terms of the mortgage loans based on the contractual interest rates. we believe that the accounting policy related to revenue recognition is a critical accounting policy because of the significance of revenue.
loan origination liabilities substantially all of the loans our lennar financial services segment originates are sold within a short period in the secondary mortgage market on a servicing released, non-recourse basis. after the loans are sold, we retain potential liability for possible claims by purchasers that we breached certain limited industry-standard representations and warranties related to loan sales. over the last several years there has been an industry-wide effort by purchasers to defray their losses by purporting to have found inaccuracies related to sellers' representations and warranties in particular loan sale agreements. a number of claims of that type have been brought against us. we do not believe these claims will have a material adverse effect on our business.
our mortgage operations have established reserves for possible losses associated with mortgage loans previously originated and sold to investors. we establish reserves for such possible losses based upon, among other things, an analysis of repurchase requests received, an estimate of potential repurchase claims not yet received and actual past repurchases and losses through the disposition of affected loans, as well as previous settlements. while we believe that we have adequately reserved for known losses and projected repurchase requests, given the volatility in the mortgage industry and the uncertainty regarding the ultimate resolution of these claims, if either actual repurchases or the losses incurred resolving those repurchases exceed our expectations, additional recourse expense may be incurred. this allowance requires management's judgment and estimates. for these reasons, we believe that the accounting estimate related to the loan origination losses is a critical accounting estimate.
rialto operations management fee revenue our rialto segment provides services to a variety of legal entities and investment vehicles such as funds, joint ventures, co-invests, and other private equity structures to manage their respective investments. as a result, rialto earns and receives management fees, underwriting fees and due diligence fees. these fees are included in rialto revenues and are recorded over the period in which the services are performed, fees are determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. rialto receives investment management fees from investment vehicles based on 1) a percentage of committed or called capital during the commitment period and called capital after the commitment period ends and 2) a percentage of invested capital less the portion of such invested capital utilized to acquire investments that have been sold (in whole or in part) or liquidated. fees
63
earned for underwriting and due diligence services are based on actual costs incurred. in certain situations, rialto may earn additional fees when the return on assets managed exceeds contractually established thresholds. such revenue is only booked when the contract terms are met, the contract is at, or near, completion and the amounts are known and collectability is reasonably assured. since such revenue is recognized during the latter half of the life of the investment vehicle, after substantially all of the assets have been sold and investment gains and losses realized, the possibility of claw backs is limited. in addition, rialto may also receive tax distributions in order to cover income tax obligations resulting from allocations of taxable income due to rialto's carried interests in the funds. these distributions are not subject to clawbacks and therefore are recorded as revenue when received.
we believe the way we record rialto management fee revenue is a significant accounting policy because it represents a significant portion of our rialto segment's revenues and is expected to continue to grow in the future as the segment manages more assets.
rialto mortgage finance - loans held-for-sale the originated mortgage loans are classified as loans held-for-sale and are recorded at fair value. we elected the fair value option for rmf's loans held-for-sale in accordance with asc 825, financial instruments, which permits entities to measure various financial instruments and certain other items at fair value on a contract-by-contract basis. changes in fair values of the loans are reflected in rialto revenues in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. interest income on these loans is calculated based on the interest rate of the loan and is recorded in rialto revenues in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. substantially all of the mortgage loans originated are sold within a short period of time in securitizations on a servicing released, non-recourse basis; although, we remain liable for certain limited industry-standard representations and warranties related to loan sales. we recognize revenue on the sale of loans into securitization trusts when control of the loans has been relinquished.
we believe this is a critical accounting policy due to the significant judgment involved in estimating the fair values of loans held-for-sale during the period between when the loans are originated and the time the loans are sold and because of its significance to our rialto segment.
real estate owned reo represents real estate that our rialto segment has taken control, or has effective control of, in partial or full satisfaction of loans receivable. at the time of acquisition of a property through foreclosure of a loan, reo is recorded at fair value less estimated costs to sell if classified as held-for-sale or at fair value if classified as held-and-used, which becomes the property's new basis. the fair values of these assets are determined in part by placing reliance on third-party appraisals of the properties and/or internally prepared analyses of recent offers or prices on comparable properties in the proximate vicinity. the third-party appraisals and internally developed analyses are significantly impacted by the local market economy, market supply and demand, competitive conditions and prices on comparable properties, adjusted for anticipated date of sale, location, property size, and other factors. each reo is unique and is analyzed in the context of the particular market where the property is located. in order to establish the significant assumptions for a particular reo, we analyze historical trends, including trends achieved by our local homebuilding operations, if applicable, and current trends in the market and economy impacting the reo. using available trend information, we then calculate our best estimate of fair value, which can include projected cash flows discounted at a rate we believe a market participant would determine to be commensurate with the inherent risks associated with the assets and related estimated cash flow streams.
changes in economic factors, consumer demand and market conditions, among other things, could materially impact estimates used in the third-party appraisals and/or internally prepared analyses of recent offers or prices on comparable properties. thus, estimates can differ significantly from the amounts ultimately realized by our rialto segment from disposition of these assets. the amount by which the recorded investment in the loan is less than the reo's fair value (net of estimated cost to sell if held-for-sale), is recorded as an unrealized gain on foreclosure in our consolidated statement of operations. the amount by which the recorded investment in the loan is greater than the reo's fair value (net of estimated cost to sell if held-for-sale) is recorded as a provision for loan losses in our consolidated statement of operations.
subsequent to obtaining reo via foreclosure or directly from a financial institution, management periodically performs valuations using the methodologies described above such that the real estate is carried at the lower of its carrying value or current fair value, less estimated costs to sell if classified as held-for-sale. held-and-used assets are tested for recoverability whenever changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable, and impairment losses are recorded for any amount by which the carrying value exceeds its fair value. any subsequent impairment losses, operating expenses or income, and gains and losses on disposition of such properties are also recognized in rialto other income (expense), net. reo assets classified as held-and-used are depreciated using a useful life of forty years for commercial properties and twenty seven and a half years for residential properties. reo assets classified as held-for-sale are not depreciated. occasionally, an asset will require certain improvements to yield a higher return. construction costs incurred prior to acquisition or during development of the asset may be capitalized.
64
we believe that the accounting related to reo is a critical accounting policy because of the significant judgment required in the third-party appraisals and/or internally prepared analyses of recent offers or prices of comparable properties in the proximate vicinity used to estimate the fair value of reos.
consolidations of variable interest entities in 2010, our rialto segment acquired indirectly 40% managing member equity interests in two llcs, in partnership with the fdic. we determined that each of the llcs met the definition of a vie and we were the primary beneficiary. in accordance with asc 810-10-65-2, consolidations, ("asc 810-10-65-2"), we identified the activities that most significantly impact the llcs' economic performance and determined that we have the power to direct those activities. the economic performance of the llcs is most significantly impacted by the performance of the llcs' portfolios of assets, which consist primarily of distressed residential and commercial mortgage loans. thus, the activities that most significantly impact the llcs' economic performance are the servicing and disposition of mortgage loans and real estate obtained through foreclosure of loans, restructuring of loans, or other planned activities associated with the monetizing of loans.
the fdic does not have the unilateral power to terminate our role in managing the llcs and servicing the loan portfolios. while the fdic has the right to prevent certain types of transactions (i.e., bulk sales, selling assets with recourse back to the selling entity, selling assets with representations and warranties and financing the sales of assets without the fdic's approval), the fdic does not have full voting or blocking rights over the llcs' activities, making their voting rights protective in nature, not substantive participating voting rights. other than as described in the preceding sentence, which are not the primary activities of the llcs, we can cause the llcs to enter into both the disposition and restructuring of loans without any involvement of the fdic. additionally, the fdic has no voting rights with regard to the operation/management of the operating properties that are acquired upon foreclosure of loans (e.g. reo) and no voting rights over the business plans of the llcs. the fdic can make suggestions regarding the business plans, but we can decide not to follow the fdic's suggestions and not to incorporate them in the business plans. since the fdic's voting rights are protective in nature and not substantive participating voting rights, we have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the llcs' economic performance.
in accordance with asc 810-10-65-2, we determined that we had an obligation to absorb losses of the llcs that could potentially be significant to the llcs or the right to receive benefits from the llcs that could potentially be significant to the llcs based on the following factors:
•   rialto/lennar owns 40% of the equity of the llcs and has the power to direct the activities of the llcs that most significantly impact their economic performance through loan resolutions and the sale of reo.
•   rialto/lennar has a management/servicer contract under which we earn a 0.5% servicing fee.
•   rialto/lennar has guaranteed, as the servicer, its obligations under the servicing agreement up to $10 million.
we are aware that the fdic, as the owner of 60% of the equity of each of the llcs, may also have an obligation to absorb losses of the llcs that could potentially be significant to the llcs. however, in accordance with asc 810-10-25-38a, only one enterprise, if any, is expected to be identified as the primary beneficiary of a vie.
since both criteria for consolidation in asc 810-10-65-2 are met, we consolidated the llcs. we believe that our assessment that we are the primary beneficiary of the llcs is a critical accounting policy because of the significant judgment required in evaluating all of the key factors and circumstances in determining the primary beneficiary.
