item 1a. risk factors investors should carefully consider all of the information set forth in this report, including the following risk factors, before deciding to invest in any of the company's securities. the risks below are not the only ones that the company faces. additional risks not presently known to the company, or that it presently deems immaterial, may also negatively impact the company. the company's business, consolidated financial condition, revenues, results of operations, profitability, reputation or cash flows could be materially impacted by any of these factors.
this report also includes forward-looking statements that involve risks or uncertainties. the company's results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the risks described below and elsewhere. see "forward-looking statements" in item 7.
changes in payer regulations or policies (or in the interpretation of current regulations or policies), insurance regulations or approvals, or changes in other laws, regulations or policies in the united states (u.s.) may adversely affect u.s.
29
index governmental and third-party coverage or reimbursement for clinical laboratory testing and may have a material adverse effect upon the company.
u.s. and state government payers, such as medicare and medicaid, as well as insurers, including managed care organizations (mcos), have increased their efforts to control the cost, utilization and delivery of healthcare services. from time to time, congress has considered and implemented changes in medicare fee schedules in conjunction with budgetary legislation. the first phase of reductions pursuant to protecting access to medicare act (pama) came into effect on january 1, 2018, and will continue annually subject to certain phase-in limits through 2023, and without limitations for subsequent periods. further reductions due to changes in policy regarding coverage of tests or other requirements for payment, such as prior authorization, diagnosis code and other claims edits, or a physician or qualified practitioner's signature on test requisitions, may be implemented from time to time. reimbursement for pathology services performed by labcorp diagnostics (lcd) is also subject to statutory and regulatory reduction. reductions in the reimbursement rates and changes in payment policies of other third-party payers may occur as well. such changes in the past have resulted in reduced payments as well as added costs and have decreased test utilization for the commercial laboratory industry by adding more complex new regulatory and administrative requirements. further changes in third-party payer regulations, policies, or laboratory benefit or utilization management programs may have a material adverse effect on lcd's business. actions by federal and state agencies regulating insurance, including healthcare exchanges, or changes in other laws, regulations, or policies may also have a material adverse effect upon lcd's business.
the company could face significant monetary damages and penalties and/or exclusion from government programs if it violates federal, state, local or international laws including, but not limited to, anti-fraud and abuse laws.
the company is subject to extensive government regulation at the federal, state, and local levels in the u.s. and other countries where it operates. the company's failure to meet governmental requirements under these regulations, including those relating to billing practices and financial relationships with physicians, hospitals, and health systems could lead to civil and criminal penalties, exclusion from participation in medicare and medicaid and possible prohibitions or restrictions on the use of its laboratories. while the company believes that it is in material compliance with all statutory and regulatory requirements, there is a risk that government authorities might take a contrary position. such occurrences, regardless of their outcome, could damage the company's reputation and adversely affect important business relationships it has with third parties.
the company's business could be harmed from the loss or suspension of a license or imposition of a fine or penalties under, or future changes in, or interpretations of, the law or regulations of the clinical laboratory improvement act of 1967, and the clinical laboratory improvement amendments of 1988 (clia), or those of medicare, medicaid or other national, state or local agencies in the u.s. and other countries where the company operates laboratories.
the commercial laboratory testing industry is subject to extensive u.s. regulation, and many of these statutes and regulations have not been interpreted by the courts. clia extends federal oversight to virtually all clinical laboratories operating in the u.s. by requiring that they be certified by the federal government or by a federally approved accreditation agency. the sanction for failure to comply with clia requirements may be suspension, revocation or limitation of a laboratory's clia certificate, which is necessary to conduct business, as well as significant fines and/or criminal penalties. in addition, the company is subject to regulation under state law. state laws may require that laboratories and/or laboratory personnel meet certain qualifications, specify certain quality controls or require maintenance of certain records. the company also operates laboratories outside of the u.s. and is subject to laws governing its laboratory operations in the other countries where it operates.
applicable statutes and regulations could be interpreted or applied by a prosecutorial, regulatory or judicial authority in a manner that would adversely affect the company's business. potential sanctions for violation of these statutes and regulations include significant fines and the suspension or loss of various licenses, certificates and authorizations, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's business. in addition, compliance with future legislation could impose additional requirements on the company, which may be costly.
u.s. food and drug administration (fda) regulation of diagnostic products and increased fda regulation of laboratory-developed tests (ldts) could result in increased costs and the imposition of fines or penalties, and could have a material adverse effect upon the company's business.
the fda has regulatory responsibility for instruments, test kits, reagents and other devices used by clinical laboratories. the fda enforces laws and regulations that govern the development, testing, manufacturing, performance, labeling, advertising, marketing, distribution and surveillance of diagnostic products, and it regularly inspects and reviews the manufacturing processes and product performance of diagnostic products. lcd's point-of-care testing devices are subject to regulation by the fda.
there are other regulatory and legislative proposals that would increase general fda oversight of clinical laboratories and ldts. on july 26, 2007, the fda issued draft guidance for industry, clinical laboratories, and fda staff: in vitro diagnostic multivariate index assays. the guidance proposed certain changes to the agency's general past practice regarding the regulation of certain ldts and announced that most devices deemed to be in vitro diagnostic multivariate index assays (ivdmias) would
30
index either be class ii or class iii devices, although it is possible that an ivdmia for a low-risk indication could be class i. class ii medical devices typically require fda clearance or a premarket notification submission. class iii devices require the submission of an application for premarket approval. on october 3, 2014, the fda published two additional draft guidance documents: framework for regulatory oversight of laboratory developed tests (ldts), which provides an overview of how the fda would regulate ldts through a risk-based approach, and fda notification and medical device reporting for laboratory developed tests, which describes the process for clinical laboratories to notify the fda of the ldts they "manufacture" and describes the medical device reporting requirements for ldts. on may 28, 2015, and october 22, 2015, the house energy and commerce health subcommittee released discussion drafts of a bill that would reform oversight of in vitro clinical tests (ivcts), including both ldts and test kits. the bill would establish a new regulatory framework in which the fda would regulate ivcts under a new category separate from medical devices, and the centers for medicare and medicaid services (cms) regulation of laboratories under clia would be modernized. on november 16, 2015, the fda issued a report titled, the public health evidence for fda oversight of laboratory developed tests: 20 case studies (ldt report). the ldt report compiles 20 case studies involving ldts where the fda alleges that noncompliance with the fda regulations led to serious issues, such as false-positive or false-negative results, causing potential or actual harm to patients. on december 29, 2015, the fda published notice of its intent to finalize guidance on its policy for regulatory oversight of ldts in 2016. however, on november 18, 2016, the fda announced it would not release final guidance and instead would continue to work with stakeholders, the new administration and congress to determine the right approach, and on january 13, 2017, the fda released a discussion paper outlining a possible risk-based approach for fda and cms oversight of ldts. later in 2017, the commissioner of the fda indicated that congress should enact legislation to address improved oversight of diagnostics including ldts, rather than the fda addressing the issue through administrative policy proposals. there are other regulatory and legislative proposals that would increase general fda oversight of clinical laboratories and ldts. the outcome and ultimate impact of such proposals on the business is difficult to predict at this time.
current fda regulation of the company's diagnostic products and potential future increased regulation of the company's ldts could result in increased costs and administrative and legal actions for noncompliance, including warning letters, fines, penalties, product suspensions, product recalls, injunctions and other civil and criminal sanctions, which could have a material adverse effect upon the company.
failure to comply with u.s., state, local or international environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including the u.s. occupational safety and health administration act and the u.s. needlestick safety and prevention act, could result in fines and penalties and loss of licensure, and have a material adverse effect upon the company's business.
as previously discussed in item 1 of part i of this report, the company is subject to licensing and regulation under laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment and human health and safety, including laws and regulations relating to the handling, transportation and disposal of medical specimens, infectious and hazardous waste and radioactive materials, as well as regulations relating to the safety and health of laboratory employees. failure to comply with these laws and regulations could subject the company to denial of the right to conduct business, fines, criminal penalties and/or other enforcement actions that would have a material adverse effect on its business. in addition, compliance with future legislation could impose additional requirements on the company that may be costly.
failure to comply with privacy and security laws and regulations could result in fines, penalties and damage to the company's reputation with customers and have a material adverse effect upon the company's business.
if the company does not comply with existing or new laws and regulations related to protecting the privacy and security of personal or health information, it could be subject to monetary fines, civil penalties or criminal sanctions.
in the u.s., the health insurance portability and accountability act of 1996 (hipaa) privacy and security regulations, including the expanded requirements under u.s. health information technology for economic and clinical health act (hitech), establish comprehensive standards with respect to the use and disclosure of protected health information (phi) by covered entities, in addition to setting standards to protect the confidentiality, integrity and security of phi.
hipaa restricts the company's ability to use or disclose phi, without patient authorization, for purposes other than payment, treatment or healthcare operations (as defined by hipaa), except for disclosures for various public policy purposes and other permitted purposes outlined in the privacy regulations. hipaa and hitech provide for significant fines and other penalties for wrongful use or disclosure of phi in violation of the privacy and security regulations, including potential civil and criminal fines and penalties. the regulations establish a complex regulatory framework on a variety of subjects, including:
•   the circumstances under which the use and disclosure of phi are permitted or required without a specific authorization by the patient, including, but not limited to, treatment purposes, activities to obtain payments for the company's services, and its healthcare operations activities;
•   a patient's rights to access, amend and receive an accounting of certain disclosures of phi;
•   the content of notices of privacy practices for phi;
31
index
•   administrative, technical and physical safeguards required of entities that use or receive phi; and
•   the protection of computing systems maintaining electronic phi.
the company has implemented policies and procedures designed to comply with the hipaa privacy and security requirements as applicable. the privacy and security regulations establish a "floor" and do not supersede state laws that are more stringent. therefore, the company is required to comply with both additional federal privacy and security regulations and varying state privacy and security laws. in addition, federal and state laws that protect the privacy and security of patient information may be subject to enforcement and interpretations by various governmental authorities and courts, resulting in complex compliance issues. for example, the company could incur damages under state laws pursuant to an action brought by a private party for the wrongful use or disclosure of health information or other personal information.
the company may also be required to comply with the data privacy and security laws of other countries in which it operates or with which it transfers and receives data. for example, in europe both criminal and administrative sanctions are possible for violation of european union (eu) member state implementations of the general data protection directive 95/46/ec. in december 2015, the eu enacted a general data protection regulation (gdpr) to replace directive 95/46/ec, which will take effect may 25, 2018, and which has a broader application and enhanced penalties for noncompliance. the company is executing on its gdpr readiness project to support compliance with the gdpr. the gdpr creates a range of new compliance obligations for subject companies and substantially increases financial penalties for non-compliance. the costs of compliance with the gdpr and the potential for fines and penalties in the event of a violation of the gdpr may have a significant adverse effect on the company's business and operations. in addition, similar data protection regulations addressing access, use, disclosure and transfer of personal data have been enacted or updated in countries where the company does business in asia, latin america, canada and europe. the company expects to make changes to its business practices and to incur additional costs associated with compliance with these evolving and complex regulations.
regulations requiring the use of standard transactions for healthcare services issued under hipaa may negatively impact the company's profitability and cash flows.
pursuant to hipaa, the u.s. department of health and human services (hhs) has issued regulations designed to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of the healthcare system by facilitating the electronic exchange of information in certain financial and administrative transactions while protecting the privacy and security of the information exchanged. the hipaa transaction standards are complex and subject to differences in interpretation by payers. for instance, some payers may interpret the standards to require the company to provide certain types of information, including demographic information, not usually provided to the company by physicians. in addition, requirements for additional standard transactions, such as claims attachments, could prove technically difficult, time-consuming or expensive to implement. as a result of inconsistent application of other transaction standards by payers or the company's inability to obtain certain billing information not usually provided to the company by physicians, the company could face increased costs and complexity, a temporary disruption in receipts and ongoing reductions in reimbursements and net revenues. while the company is working closely with its payers to establish acceptable protocols for claim submission and with its trade association and an industry coalition to present issues and problems as they arise to the appropriate regulators and standards-setting organizations, it may not be successful in these efforts.
failure to maintain the security of customer-related information or compliance with security requirements could damage the company's reputation with customers, cause it to incur substantial additional costs and become subject to litigation.
the company receives certain personal and financial information about its customers. in addition, the company depends upon the secure transmission of confidential information over public networks, including information permitting cashless payments. a compromise in the company's security systems that results in customer personal information being obtained by unauthorized persons or the company's failure to comply with security requirements for financial transactions could adversely affect the company's reputation with its customers and others, as well as the company's results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. it could also result in litigation against the company and the imposition of fines and penalties.
discontinuation or recalls of existing testing products; failure to develop or acquire licenses for new or improved testing technologies; or the company's customers using new technologies to perform their own tests could adversely affect the company's business.
from time to time, manufacturers discontinue or recall reagents, test kits or instruments used by the company to perform laboratory testing. such discontinuations or recalls could adversely affect the company's costs, testing volume and revenue.
the commercial laboratory industry is subject to changing technology and new product introductions. the company's success in maintaining a leadership position in genomic and other advanced testing technologies will depend, in part, on its ability to develop, acquire or license new and improved technologies on favorable terms and to obtain appropriate coverage and reimbursement for these technologies. the company may not be able to negotiate acceptable licensing arrangements, and it cannot be certain that such arrangements will yield commercially successful diagnostic tests. if the company is unable to license these
32
index testing methods at competitive rates, its research and development (r&d) costs may increase as a result. in addition, if the company is unable to license new or improved technologies to expand its esoteric testing operations, its testing methods may become outdated when compared with the company's competition, and testing volume and revenue may be materially and adversely affected.
in addition, advances in technology may lead to the development of more cost-effective technologies such as point-of-care testing equipment that can be operated by physicians or other healthcare providers (including physician assistants, nurse practitioners and certified nurse midwives, generally referred to herein as physicians) in their offices or by patients themselves without requiring the services of freestanding clinical laboratories. development of such technology and its use by the company's customers could reduce the demand for its laboratory testing services and the utilization of certain tests offered by the company and negatively impact its revenues.
currently, most commercial laboratory testing is categorized as high or moderate complexity, and thereby is subject to extensive and costly regulation under clia. the cost of compliance with clia makes it impractical for most physicians to operate clinical laboratories in their offices, and other laws limit the ability of physicians to have ownership in a laboratory and to refer tests to such a laboratory. manufacturers of laboratory equipment and test kits could seek to increase their sales by marketing point-of-care laboratory equipment to physicians and by selling test kits approved for home or physician office use to both physicians and patients. diagnostic tests approved for home use are automatically deemed to be "waived" tests under clia and may be performed in physician office laboratories as well as by patients in their homes with minimal regulatory oversight. other tests meeting certain fda criteria also may be classified as "waived" for clia purposes. the fda has regulatory responsibility over instruments, test kits, reagents and other devices used by clinical laboratories, and it has taken responsibility from the u.s. centers for disease control and prevention for classifying the complexity of tests for clia purposes. increased approval of "waived" test kits could lead to increased testing by physicians in their offices or by patients at home, which could affect the company's market for laboratory testing services and negatively impact its revenues.
healthcare reform and changes to related products (e.g., health insurance exchanges), changes in government payment and reimbursement systems, or changes in payer mix, including an increase in capitated reimbursement mechanisms and evolving delivery models, could have a material adverse effect on the company's net revenues, profitability and cash flow.
lcd's testing services are billed to mcos, medicare, medicaid, physicians and physician groups, hospitals, patients and employer groups. tests ordered by a physician may be billed to different payers depending on the medical insurance benefits of a particular patient. most testing services are billed to a party other than the physician or other authorized person who ordered the test. increases in the percentage of services billed to government and mcos could have an adverse effect on the company's net revenues.
the company serves many mcos. these organizations have different contracting philosophies, which are influenced by the design of their products. some mcos contract with a limited number of clinical laboratories and engage in direct negotiation of rates. other mcos adopt broader networks with generally uniform fee structures for participating clinical laboratories. in some cases, those fee structures are specific to independent clinical laboratories, while the fees paid to hospital-based and physician-office laboratories may be different, and are typically higher. mcos may also offer managed medicare or managed medicaid plans. in addition, some mcos use capitation rates to fix the cost of laboratory testing services for their enrollees. under a capitated reimbursement arrangement, the clinical laboratory receives a per-member, per-month payment for an agreed upon menu of laboratory tests provided to mco members during the month, regardless of the number of tests performed.
capitation shifts the risk of increased test utilization (and the underlying mix of testing services) to the commercial laboratory provider. the company makes significant efforts to ensure that its services are adequately compensated in its capitated arrangements. for the year ended december 31, 2017, such capitated contracts accounted for approximately $259.1 million, or 3.6%, of lcd's net revenues.
the company's ability to attract and retain mcos is critical given the impact of healthcare reform, related products and expanded coverage (e.g. health insurance exchanges and medicaid expansion) and evolving delivery models (e.g., accountable care organizations).
a portion of the managed care fee-for-service revenues is collectible from patients in the form of deductibles, coinsurance and copayments. as patient cost-sharing has been increasing the company's collections may be adversely impacted.
in addition, medicare and medicaid and private insurers have increased their efforts to control the cost, utilization and delivery of healthcare services, including commercial laboratory services. measures to regulate healthcare delivery in general, and clinical laboratories in particular, have resulted in reduced prices, added costs and decreased test utilization for the commercial laboratory industry by increasing complexity and adding new regulatory and administrative requirements. pursuant to legislation passed in late 2003, the percentage of medicare beneficiaries enrolled in managed medicare plans has increased. the percentage of medicaid beneficiaries enrolled in managed medicaid plans has also increased, and is expected to continue to increase; however, changes to, or repeal of, the patient protection and affordable care act (aca) may continue to affect coverage, reimbursement, and
33
index utilization of laboratory services, as well as administrative requirements, in ways that are currently unpredictable. further healthcare reform could adversely affect laboratory reimbursement from medicare, medicaid or commercial carriers.
the company also experienced delays in the pricing and implementation of new molecular pathology codes among various payers, including medicaid, medicare and commercial carriers. while some delays were expected, several non-commercial payers required an extended period of time to price key molecular codes, and a number of those payers, mostly government entities, indicated that they would no longer pay for tests that they had previously covered. these issues (particularly payer policy changes) and changes in coverage had a negative impact on revenue, revenue per requisition, and margins and cash flows in 2014 through 2017, and are expected to have a continuing negative impact. similarly, the clinical laboratory fee schedule (clfs) coding and billing changes related to toxicology and other procedures were implemented in 2016 and 2017. the company experienced delays in the pricing and implementation of the new toxicology codes; however, the company largely overcame issues related to price and margins through direct negotiation with the associated payers. limited coding and billing changes related to other procedure types are expected to be implemented in 2018. the company expects some continued delays in the pricing and implementation of these new codes.
in addition, some mcos are implementing, directly or through third parties, various types of laboratory benefit management programs that may include lab networks, utilization management tools (such as prior authorization and/or prior notification), and claims edits, which may impact coverage or reimbursement for commercial laboratory tests. some of these programs address commercial laboratory testing broadly, while others are focused on molecular and genetic testing.
the company expects the efforts to impose reduced reimbursement, more stringent payment policies, and utilization and cost controls by government and other payers to continue. if lcd cannot offset additional reductions in the payments it receives for its services by reducing costs, increasing test volume, and/or introducing new services and procedures, it could have a material adverse effect on the company's net revenues, profitability and cash flows. in 2014, congress passed pama, requiring medicare to change the way payment rates are calculated for tests paid under the clfs, and to base the payment on the weighted median of rates paid by private payers. on june 23, 2016, cms issued a final rule to implement pama that required applicable laboratories, including lcd, to begin reporting their test-specific private payer payment amounts to cms during the first quarter of 2017. cms exercised enforcement discretion to permit reporting for an additional 60 days, through may 30, 2017. cms used that private market data to calculate weighted median prices for each test (based on applicable cpt codes) to represent the new clfs rates beginning in 2018, subject to certain phase-in limits. for 2018-2020, a test price cannot be reduced by more than 10.0% per year; for 2021-2023, a test price cannot be reduced by more than 15.0% per year. the process of data reporting and repricing will be repeated every three years for clinical diagnostic laboratory tests (cdlts). the second data reporting period for cdlts will occur during the first quarter of 2020, and new clfs rates for cdlts will be established based on that data beginning in 2021, subject to the previously described phase-in limits for 2021-2023. the third data reporting period for cdlts will occur during the first quarter of 2023, and new clfs rates for cdlts will be established based on that data beginning in 2024. clfs rates for 2024 and subsequent periods will not be subject to phase-in limits. clfs rates for advanced diagnostic laboratory tests (adlts) will be updated annually. cms published its initial proposed clfs rates under pama for 2018-2020 on september 22, 2017. following a public comment period, cms made adjustments and published final clfs rates for 2018-2020 on november 17, 2017, with additional adjustments published on december 1, 2017. for 2018, the company estimates that clfs rates will reduce lcd revenue from all payers affected by the clfs by a total of approximately 8% ($70.0 million). the company supports the efforts of the american clinical laboratory association (acla) to work with congress on potential legislative reform of pama, which if enacted could reduce the negative impact of pama as implemented by cms.
healthcare reform legislation also contains numerous regulations that will require the company, as an employer, to implement significant process and record-keeping changes to be in compliance. these changes increase the cost of providing healthcare coverage to employees and their families. given the limited release of regulations to guide compliance, as well as potential changes to the aca, the exact impact to employers, including the company, is uncertain.
changes in government regulation or in practices relating to the biopharmaceutical industry could decrease the need for certain services that covance drug development (cdd) provides.
cdd assists biopharmaceutical companies in navigating the regulatory drug approval process. changes in regulations such as a relaxation in regulatory requirements or the introduction of simplified drug approval procedures, or an increase in regulatory requirements that cdd has difficulty satisfying or that make its services less competitive, could eliminate or substantially reduce the demand for its services. also, if government efforts to contain drug costs impact biopharmaceutical company profits from new drugs, or if health insurers were to change their practices with respect to reimbursement for biopharmaceutical products, some of cdd's customers may spend less, or reduce their growth in spending on r&d.
on december 13, 2016, the 21st century cures act was signed into law. this act provides funding designed to increase government spending on certain drug development initiatives; contains several provisions designed to help make the drug development process more streamlined and efficient; and allows the fda to increase staffing to support drug development, review
34
index and regulation. these provisions should be helpful to biopharmaceutical companies and contract research organizations (cros), including cdd, to the extent that they capitalize on the use of data, adaptive trial designs, real-world evidence, biomarkers and other development tools that are accepted by the fda.
in addition, implementation of healthcare reform legislation that adds costs could limit the profits that can be made from the development of new drugs. this could adversely affect r&d expenditures by biopharmaceutical companies, which could in turn decrease the business opportunities available to cdd both in the u.s. and other countries. new laws or regulations may create a risk of liability, increase cdd costs or limit service offerings through cdd.
failure to comply with the regulations of drug regulatory agencies, such as the fda, the medicines and healthcare products regulatory agency in the united kingdom (u.k.), the european medicines agency, the china food and drug administration, and the pharmaceuticals and medical devices agency in japan, could result in sanctions and/or remedies against cdd and have a material adverse effect upon the company.
the operation of cdd's preclinical laboratory facilities and clinical trial operations must conform to good laboratory practice (glp) and good clinical practice (gcp), as applicable, as well as all other applicable standards and regulations, as further described in item 1 of part i of this report. the business operations of cdd's clinical and preclinical laboratories also require the import and export of medical devices, in vitro diagnostic devices, reagents, and human and animal biological products. such activities are subject to numerous applicable local and international regulations with which cdd must comply or be subject to civil, criminal or administrative sanctions and/or remedies, including suspension of its ability to import or export to or from certain countries, which could have a material adverse effect upon the company.
additionally, certain cdd services and activities must conform to current good manufacturing practice (cgmp) as further described in item 1 of part i of this report. failure to maintain compliance with glp, gcp, or cgmp regulations and other applicable requirements of various regulatory agencies could result in warning letters, fines, unanticipated compliance expenditures, suspension of manufacturing, and civil, criminal or administrative sanctions and/or remedies against cdd, including suspension of its laboratory operations, which could have a material adverse effect upon the company.
increased competition, including price competition, could have a material adverse effect on the company's net revenues and profitability.
as further described in item 1 of part i of this report, both lcd and cdd operate in highly competitive industries. the commercial laboratory business is intensely competitive both in terms of price and service. pricing of laboratory testing services is often one of the most significant factors used by physicians, third-party payers and consumers in selecting a laboratory. as a result of significant consolidation in the commercial laboratory industry, larger commercial laboratory providers are able to increase cost efficiencies afforded by large-scale automated testing. this consolidation results in greater price competition. lcd may be unable to increase cost efficiencies sufficiently, if at all, and as a result, its net earnings and cash flows could be negatively impacted by such price competition. the company may also face increased competition from companies that do not comply with existing laws or regulations or otherwise disregard compliance standards in the industry. additionally, the company may also face changes in fee schedules, competitive bidding for laboratory services, or other actions or pressures reducing payment schedules as a result of increased or additional competition.
competitors in the cro industry range from hundreds of smaller cros to a limited number of large cros with global capabilities. cdd's main competition consists of these small and large cros, as well as in-house departments of biopharmaceutical companies and, to a lesser extent, select universities and teaching hospitals. cdd's services have from time to time experienced periods of increased price competition that had an adverse effect on a segment's profitability and consolidated net revenues and net income. there is competition among cros for both customers and potential acquisition candidates. additionally, few barriers to entering the cro industry further increases possible new competition.
these competitive pressures may affect the attractiveness or profitability of lcd's and cdd's services, and could adversely affect the financial results of the company.
failure to obtain and retain new customers, the loss of existing customers or material contracts, or a reduction in services or tests ordered or specimens submitted by existing customers, or the inability to retain existing and/or create new relationships with health systems could impact the company's ability to successfully grow its business.
to maintain and grow its business, the company needs to obtain and retain new customers and business partners. in addition, a reduction in tests ordered or specimens submitted by existing customers, a decrease in demand for the company's services from existing customers, or the loss of existing contracts, without offsetting growth in its customer base, could impact the company's ability to successfully grow its business and could have a material adverse effect on the company's net revenues and profitability. the company competes primarily on the basis of the quality of services, reporting and information systems, reputation in the medical community and the drug development industry, the pricing of services and ability to employ qualified personnel. the
35
index company's failure to successfully compete on any of these factors could result in the loss of existing customers, an inability to gain new customers and a reduction in the company's business.
continued and increased consolidation of mcos, biopharmaceutical companies, health systems, physicians and other customers could adversely affect the company's business.
many healthcare companies and providers, including mcos, biopharmaceutical companies, health systems and physician practices are consolidating through mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures and other types of transactions and collaborations. in addition to these more traditional horizontal mergers that involve entities that previously competed against each other, the healthcare industry is experiencing an increase in vertical mergers, which involve entities that previously did not offer competing goods or services. as the healthcare industry consolidates, competition to provide goods and services may become more intense, and vertical mergers may give those combined companies greater control over more aspects of healthcare, including increased bargaining power. this competition and increased customer bargaining power may adversely affect the price and volume of the company's services.
in addition, as the broader healthcare industry trend of consolidation continues, including the acquisition of physician practices by health systems, relationships with hospital-based health systems and integrated delivery networks are becoming more important. lcd has a well-established base of relationships with those systems and networks, including collaborative agreements. lcd's inability to retain its existing relationships with those physicians as they become part of healthcare systems and networks and/or to create new relationships could impact its ability to successfully grow its business.
lcd's nutritional chemistry and food safety business exposes the company to various risks, including liability for errors and omissions in work conducted for lcd customers.
lcd offers a range of product-development and product-integrity services to food and beverage manufacturers and retailers, industry organizations and academic institutions. lcd also is exploring the possibility of developing point-of-production testing for food safety. these business offerings and opportunities expose the company to many of the same, or similar, risks that are applicable to other business activities of the company, including with respect to the operations of its facilities and compliance with applicable laws and regulations. the agricultural, food, beverage and dietary supplement industries are continuing to gain the attention of governments and regulators around the world, and regulations and applicable laws have increased in recent years. for example, many food and beverage manufacturers and retailers will be subject to new nutrition labeling regulations and new food manufacturing requirements, including regulations issued under the food safety modernization act (fsma). with these enhanced requirements on the company's customers, there is an increased risk that errors in or omissions from nutritional analysis and food safety tests conducted by the company for its customers could result in liability for the company under customer contracts. if lcd determines to further expand its nutritional chemistry and food safety testing business in the future beyond what is currently anticipated, lcd could become subject to additional standards and regulations, including under the fsma, and could face additional liabilities resulting from new and pending regulatory and other legal actions.
changes or disruption in services or supplies provided by third parties, including transportation, could adversely affect the company's business.
the company depends on third parties to provide services critical to the company's business. although the company has a significant proprietary network of ground and air transport capabilities, certain of the company's businesses are heavily reliant on third-party ground and air travel for transport of clinical trial and diagnostic testing supplies and specimens, research products, and people. a significant disruption to these travel systems, or the company's access to them, could have a material adverse effect on the company's business. the company is also reliant on an extensive network of third-party suppliers and vendors of certain services and products, including for certain animal populations. disruptions to the continued supply of these services, products, or animal populations may arise from export/import restrictions or embargoes, political or economic instability, pressure from animal rights activists, adverse weather, natural disasters, transportation disruptions, or other causes. disruption of supply could have a material adverse effect on the company's business.
damage or disruption to the company's facilities could adversely affect the company's business.
many of the company's facilities could be difficult to replace in a short period of time. any event that causes a disruption of the operation of these facilities might impact the company's ability to provide service to customers and, therefore, could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the company bears financial risk for contracts that, for reasons beyond the company's control, may be underpriced, subject to cost overruns, delayed, or terminated or reduced in scope.
the company has many contracts that are structured as fixed-price for fixed-contracted services or fee-for-service with a cap. the company bears the financial risk if these contracts are underpriced or if contract costs exceed estimates. such underpricing or significant cost overruns could have an adverse effect on the company's business, results of operations, financial condition
36
index and cash flows.
many of cdd's contracts, in particular, provide for services on a fixed-price or fee-for-service with a cap basis and they may be terminated or reduced in scope either immediately or upon notice. cancellations may occur for a variety of reasons, including:
•   failure of products to satisfy safety requirements;
•   unexpected or undesired results of the products;
•   insufficient clinical trial subject enrollment;
•   insufficient investigator recruitment;
•   a customer's decision to terminate the development of a product or to end a particular study; and
•   cdd's failure to perform its duties properly under the contract.
although its contracts often entitle it to receive the costs of winding down the terminated projects, as well as all fees earned up to the time of termination, the loss, reduction in scope or delay of a large contract or the loss, delay or conclusion of multiple contracts could materially adversely affect cdd.
contract research services in the drug development industry create liability risks.
in contracting to work on drug development trials and studies, cdd faces a range of potential liabilities, including:
•   errors or omissions that create harm to clinical trial subjects during a trial or to consumers of a drug after the trial is completed and regulatory approval of the drug has been granted;
•   general risks associated with clinical pharmacology facilities, including negative consequences from the administration of drugs to clinical trial participants or the professional malpractice of clinical pharmacology physicians;
•   risks that animals in cdd's breeding facilities may be infected with diseases that may be harmful and even lethal to themselves and humans despite preventive measures contained in cdd's business policies, including those for the quarantine and handling of imported animals; and
•   errors and omissions during a trial that may undermine the usefulness of a trial or data from the trial or study or may delay the entry of a drug to the market.
cdd contracts with physicians, also referred to as investigators, to conduct the clinical trials to test new drugs on clinical trial subjects. these tests can create a risk of liability for personal injury or death to clinical trial subjects resulting from negative reactions to the drugs administered or from professional malpractice by third party investigators.
while cdd endeavors to include in its contracts provisions entitling it to be indemnified and entitling it to a limitation of liability, these provisions do not uniformly protect cdd against liability arising from certain of its own actions. cdd could be materially and adversely affected if it were required to pay damages or bear the costs of defending any claim that is not covered by a contractual indemnification provision, or in the event that a party which must indemnify it does not fulfill its indemnification obligations, or in the event that cdd is not successful in limiting its liability or in the event that the damages and costs exceed cdd's insurance coverage. there can be no assurance that cdd will be able to maintain sufficient insurance coverage on acceptable terms.
adverse results in material litigation matters could have a material adverse effect upon the company's business.
the company may become subject in the ordinary course of business to material legal action related to, among other things, intellectual property disputes, contract disputes, data and privacy issues, professional liability and employee-related matters. the company may also receive inquiries and requests for information from governmental agencies and bodies, including medicare or medicaid payers, requesting comment and/or information on allegations of billing irregularities, billing and pricing arrangements, or privacy practices that are brought to their attention through audits or third parties. legal actions could result in substantial monetary damages as well as damage to the company's reputation with customers, which could have a material adverse effect upon its business.
the company's quarterly operating results may vary.
the company's operating results, particularly for cdd, may vary significantly from quarter to quarter and are influenced by factors over which the company has little control, such as:
•   changes in the general global economy;
•   exchange rate fluctuations;
•   the commencement, completion, delay or cancellation of large projects or groups of projects;
•   the progress of ongoing projects;
•   the timing of and charges associated with completed acquisitions or other events; and
•   changes in the mix of the company's services.
the company believes that operating results for any particular quarter are not necessarily a meaningful indication of future results. while fluctuations in the company's quarterly operating results could negatively or positively affect the market price of
37
index the company's common stock, these fluctuations may not be related to the company's future overall operating performance.
the failure to successfully obtain, maintain and enforce intellectual property rights and defend against challenges to the company's intellectual property rights could adversely affect the company.
many of the company's services, products and processes rely on intellectual property, including patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets. in some cases, that intellectual property is owned by another party and licensed to the company, sometimes exclusively. the value of the company's intellectual property relies in part on the company's ability to maintain its proprietary rights to such intellectual property. if the company is unable to obtain or maintain the proprietary rights to its intellectual property, if it is unable to prevent attempted infringement against its intellectual property, or if it is unable to defend against claims that it is infringing on another party's intellectual property, the company could be adversely affected. these adverse effects could include the company having to abandon, alter and/or delay the deployment of products, services or processes that rely on such intellectual property; having to procure and pay for licenses from the holders of intellectual property rights that the company seeks to use; and having to pay damages, fines, court costs and attorney's fees in connection with intellectual property litigation.
cdd's revenues depend on the biopharmaceutical industry.
cdd's revenues depend greatly on the expenditures made by the biopharmaceutical industry in r&d. in some instances, biopharmaceutical companies are reliant on their ability to raise capital in order to fund their r&d projects. biopharmaceutical companies are also reliant on reimbursement for their products from government programs and commercial payers. accordingly, economic factors and industry trends affecting cdd's customers in these industries may also affect cdd. if these companies were to reduce the number of r&d projects they conduct or outsource, whether through the inability to raise capital, reductions in reimbursement from governmental programs or commercial payers, industry trends, economic conditions or otherwise, cdd could be materially adversely affected.
actions of animal rights activists may have an adverse effect on the company.
cdd's preclinical services utilize animals in preclinical testing of the safety and efficacy of drugs. such activities are required for the development of new medicines and medical devices under regulatory regimes in the u.s., europe, japan and other countries. cdd also breeds and sells animals for biomedical research. acts of vandalism and other acts by animal rights activists who object to the use of animals in drug development could have an adverse effect on the company.
animal populations may suffer diseases that can damage cdd's inventory, harm its reputation, result in decreased sales of research products or result in other liability.
it is important that research products be free of diseases, including infectious diseases. the presence of diseases can distort or compromise the quality of research results, cause loss of animals in cdd's inventory, result in harm to humans or outside animal populations if the disease is not contained to animals in inventory, or result in other losses. such results could harm cdd's reputation or have an adverse effect on cdd's financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
failure to conduct animal research in compliance with animal welfare laws and regulations could result in sanctions and/or remedies against cdd and have a material adverse effect upon the company.
the conduct of animal research at cdd's facilities must be in compliance with applicable laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which those activities are conducted. these laws and regulations include the u.s animal welfare act (awa), which governs the care and use of warm-blooded animals for research in the u.s. other than laboratory rats, mice and chickens, and is enforced through periodic inspections by the u.s. department of agriculture (usda). the awa establishes facility standards regarding several aspects of animal welfare, including housing, ventilation, lighting, feeding and watering, handling, veterinary care and recordkeeping. similar laws and regulations apply in other jurisdictions in which cdd conducts animal research, including the european union and china. cdd complies with licensing and registration requirement standards set by these laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which it conducts animal research. if an enforcement agency determines that cdd's equipment, facilities, laboratories or processes do not comply with applicable standards, it may issue an inspection report documenting the deficiencies and setting deadlines for any required corrective actions. for noncompliance, the agency may take action against cdd that may include fines, suspension and/or revocation of animal research licenses, or confiscation of research animals.
an inability to attract and retain experienced and qualified personnel could adversely affect the company's business.
the loss of key management personnel or the inability to attract and retain experienced and qualified employees at the company's clinical laboratories and drug development facilities could adversely affect the business. the success of the company is dependent in part on the efforts of key members of its management team. success in maintaining the company's leadership position in genomic and other advanced testing technologies and in drug development will depend in part on the company's ability to attract and retain skilled research professionals. in addition, the success of the company's clinical laboratories also depends on employing and retaining qualified and experienced laboratory professionals, including specialists, who perform commercial laboratory testing
38
index services. in the future, if competition for the services of these professionals increases, the company may not be able to continue to attract and retain individuals in its markets. the company's revenues and earnings could be adversely affected if a significant number of professionals terminate their relationship with the company or become unable or unwilling to continue their employment.
unionization of employees, union strikes, work stoppages or failure to comply with labor or employment laws could adversely affect the company's operations and have a material adverse effect upon the company's business.
the company is a party to a limited number of collective bargaining agreements with various labor unions and is subject to employment and labor laws and unionization activity in the u.s. and other countries in which it conducts business. disputes with regard to the terms of these agreements, potential inability to negotiate acceptable contracts with these unions, unionization activity, or a failure to comply with labor or employment laws could result in, among other things, labor unrest, strikes, work stoppages, slowdowns by the affected workers, fines and penalties. if any of these events were to occur, or other employees were to become unionized, the company could experience a significant disruption of its operations or higher ongoing labor costs, either of which could have a material adverse effect upon the company's business. additionally, future labor agreements, or renegotiation of labor agreements or provisions of labor agreements, or changes in labor or employment laws, could compromise its service reliability and significantly increase its costs, which could have a material adverse effect upon the company's business.
a significant increase in lcd's or cdd's days sales outstanding could have an adverse effect on the company's business, including its cash flow, by increasing its bad debt or decreasing its cash flow.
billing for laboratory services is a complex process. laboratories bill many different payers, including doctors, patients, hundreds of insurance companies, medicare, medicaid and employer groups, all of which have different billing requirements. in addition to billing complexities, lcd has experienced an increase in patient responsibility as a result of managed care fee-for-service plans that continue to increase deductibles, coinsurance and patient copayments. lcd expects this trend to continue. a material increase in lcd's days sales outstanding level could have an adverse effect on the company's business, including potentially increasing its bad debt rate and decreasing its cash flows. although cdd does not face the same level of complexity in its billing process, it could also experience delays in billing or collection, and a material increase in cdd's days sales outstanding could have an adverse effect on the company's business, including potentially decreasing its cash flows.
failure in the company's information technology systems or delays or failures in the development and implementation of updates or enhancements to those systems could significantly increase testing turnaround time or delay billing processes and otherwise disrupt the company's operations or customer relationships.
the company's operations and customer relationships depend, in part, on the continued performance of its information technology systems. despite network security measures and other precautions the company has taken, its information technology systems are potentially vulnerable to physical or electronic break-ins, computer viruses and similar disruptions. in addition, the company is in the process of integrating the information technology systems of its recently acquired subsidiaries, and the company may experience system failures or interruptions as a result of this process. sustained system failures or interruption of the company's systems in one or more of its operations could disrupt the company's ability to process laboratory requisitions, perform testing, provide test results or drug development data in a timely manner and/or bill the appropriate party. failure of the company's information technology systems could adversely affect the company's business, profitability and financial condition.
hardware and software failures, delays in the operation of computer and communications systems, the failure to implement new systems or system enhancements to existing systems, and cyber security breaches may harm the company.
the company's success depends on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of its computer and communications systems. a failure of the network or data-gathering procedures could impede the processing of data, delivery of databases and services, customer orders and day-to-day management of the business and could result in the corruption or loss of data. while certain operations have appropriate disaster recovery plans in place, there currently are not redundant facilities everywhere in the world to provide information technology capacity in the event of a system failure. despite any precautions the company may take, damage from fire, floods, hurricanes, power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, break-ins, cybersecurity breaches and similar events at the company's various computer facilities could result in interruptions in the flow of data to the servers and from the servers to customers. in addition, any failure by the computer environment to provide required data communications capacity could result in interruptions in service. in the event of a delay in the delivery of data, the company could be required to transfer data collection operations to an alternative provider of server-hosting services. such a transfer could result in delays in the ability to deliver products and services to customers. additionally, significant delays in the planned delivery of system enhancements, or improvements and inadequate performance of the systems once they are completed could damage the company's reputation and harm the business. finally, long-term disruptions in the infrastructure caused by events such as natural disasters, the outbreak of war, the escalation of hostilities, acts of terrorism (particularly involving cities in which the company has offices) and cybersecurity breaches could adversely affect the business. although the company carries property and business interruption insurance, the coverage may not be adequate to compensate for all losses that may occur.
39
index security breaches and unauthorized access to the company's or its customers' data could harm the company's reputation and adversely affect its business.
the company has experienced and expects to continue to experience attempts by computer programmers and hackers to attack and penetrate the company's layered security controls. these attempts, if successful, could result in the misappropriation or compromise of personal information or proprietary or confidential information stored within the company's systems, create system disruptions or cause shutdowns. external actors may be able to develop and deploy viruses, worms and other malicious software programs that attack the company's systems or otherwise exploit any security vulnerabilities. outside parties may also attempt to fraudulently induce employees to take actions, including the release of confidential or sensitive information or to make fraudulent payments through illegal electronic spamming, phishing, spear phishing, or other tactics. although the company has robust information security procedures and other safeguards in place, which are monitored and routinely tested internally and by external parties, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, the company may be unable to anticipate all of these techniques or to implement adequate preventive measures. in addition, as cyber threats continue to evolve, the company may be required to expend additional resources to continue to enhance the company's information security measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities. the company's remediation efforts may not be successful and could result in interruptions, delays or cessation of service. breaches of the company's security measures and the unauthorized dissemination of personal, proprietary or confidential information about the company or its customers or other third-parties could expose customers' private information. such breaches could expose customers to the risk of financial or medical identity theft or expose the company or other third-parties to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, result in litigation and potential liability for the company, damage the company's brand and reputation or otherwise harm the company's business. any of these disruptions or breaches of security could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, regulatory compliance, financial condition and results of operations.
operations may be disrupted and adversely impacted by the effects of natural disasters such as adverse weather and earthquakes, acts of terrorism, or other criminal activities, or disease pandemics.
natural disasters may result in a temporary decline of volumes in both segments. in addition, such events may temporarily interrupt the company's ability to transport specimens, the company's ability to efficiently commence studies, the company's information technology systems, the company's ability to utilize certain laboratories, and/or the company's ability to receive material from its suppliers.
a significant deterioration in the economy could negatively impact testing volumes, drug development services, cash collections and the availability of credit.
the company's operations are dependent upon ongoing demand for diagnostic testing and drug development services by patients, physicians, hospitals, mcos, biopharmaceutical companies and others. a significant downturn in the economy could negatively impact the demand for diagnostic testing and drug development services, as well as the ability of customers to pay for services rendered. in addition, uncertainty in the credit markets could reduce the availability of credit and impact the company's ability to meet its financing needs in the future.
foreign currency exchange fluctuations could have an adverse effect on the company's business.
the company has business and operations outside the u.s., and cdd derives a significant portion of its net revenues from international operations. since the company's consolidated financial statements are denominated in u.s. dollars, fluctuations in exchange rates from period to period will have an impact on reported results. in addition, cdd may incur costs in one currency related to its services or products for which it is paid in a different currency. as a result, factors associated with international operations, including changes in foreign currency exchange rates, could significantly affect cdd's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
the company's international operations could subject it to additional risks and expenses that could adversely impact the business or results of operations.
the company's international operations expose it to risks from failure to comply with foreign laws and regulations that differ from those under which the company operates in the u.s. in addition, the company may be adversely affected by other risks of expanded operations in foreign countries, including, but not limited to, changes in reimbursement by foreign governments for services provided by the company; compliance with export controls and trade regulations; changes in tax policies or other foreign laws; compliance with foreign labor and employee relations laws and regulations; restrictions on currency repatriation; judicial systems that less strictly enforce contractual rights; countries that do not have clear or well-established laws and regulations concerning issues relating to commercial laboratory testing or drug development services; countries that provide less protection for intellectual property rights; and procedures and actions affecting approval, production, pricing, reimbursement and marketing of products and services. further, international operations could subject the company to additional expenses that the company may not fully anticipate, including those related to enhanced time and resources necessary to comply with foreign laws and
40
index regulations, difficulty in collecting accounts receivable and longer collection periods, and difficulties and costs of staffing and managing foreign operations. in some countries, the company's success will depend in part on its ability to form relationships with local partners. the company's inability to identify appropriate partners or reach mutually satisfactory arrangements could adversely affect the business and operations.
expanded international operations may increase the company's exposure to liabilities under the anti-corruption laws.
anti-corruption laws in the countries where the company conducts business, including the fcpa, the bribery act, and similar laws in other jurisdictions, prohibit companies and their intermediaries from engaging in bribery including improperly offering, promising, paying or authorizing the giving of anything of value to individuals or entities for the purpose of corruptly obtaining or retaining business. the company operates in some parts of the world where corruption may be common and where anti-corruption laws may conflict to some degree with local customs and practices. the company maintains an anti-corruption program including policies, procedures and training and safeguards in the engagement and management of third parties acting on the company's behalf. despite these safeguards, the company cannot guarantee protection from corrupt acts committed by third parties associated with the company. violations or allegations of violations of anti-corruption laws could have a significant adverse effect on the business or results of operations.
changes in tax laws and regulations or the interpretation of such may have a significant impact on the financial position, results of operations and cash flows of the company.
u.s. and foreign governments continue to review, reform and modify tax laws, including with respect to the organisation for economic co-operation and development's base erosion and profit shifting initiative. changes in tax laws and regulations could result in material changes to the domestic and foreign taxes that the company is required to provide for and pay.
in addition, the company is subject to regular audits with respect to its various tax returns and processes in the jurisdictions in which it operates. errors or omissions in tax returns, process failures or differences in interpretation of tax laws by tax authorities and the company may lead to litigation, payments of additional taxes, penalties and interest.
on december 22, 2017, the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act (tcja) was passed into law. the tcja has given rise to significant one-time and ongoing changes to the taxes recognized and paid by the company, and the full impact of the changes may only become fully understood over time.
a failure to identify and successfully close and integrate strategic acquisition targets could have a material adverse effect on the company's business objectives and its net revenues and profitability.
part of the company's strategy involves deploying capital in investments that enhance the company's business, which includes pursuing strategic acquisitions to strengthen the company's scientific capabilities and enhance therapeutic expertise, enhance esoteric testing and global drug development capabilities, and increase presence in key geographic areas. since 2013, the company has invested net cash of approximately $6.5 billion and equity of $1.8 billion in strategic business acquisitions. however, the company cannot assure that it will be able to identify acquisition targets that are attractive to the company or that are of a large enough size to have a meaningful impact on the company's operating results. furthermore, the successful closing and integration of a strategic acquisition entails numerous risks, including, among others:
•   failure to obtain regulatory clearance, including due to antitrust concerns;
•   loss of key customers or employees;
•   difficulty in consolidating redundant facilities and infrastructure and in standardizing information and other systems;
•   unidentified regulatory problems;
•   failure to maintain the quality of services that such companies have historically provided;
•   coordination of geographically separated facilities and workforces; and
•   diversion of management's attention from the day-to-day business of the company.
the company cannot assure that current or future acquisitions, if any, or any related integration efforts will be successful, or that the company's business will not be adversely affected by any future acquisitions, including with respect to net revenues and profitability. even if the company is able to successfully integrate the operations of businesses that it may acquire in the future, the company may not be able to realize the benefits that it expects from such acquisitions.
the company's level of indebtedness could adversely affect the company's liquidity, results of operations and business.
at december 31, 2017, indebtedness on the company's outstanding senior notes totaled approximately $5,900.0 million in aggregate principal. the company is also a party to credit agreements relating to a $1.0 billion revolving credit facility, a 2014 term loan with a principal balance of $72.0 million, and a 2017 term loan with a balance of $750.0 million as of december 31, 2017. under the term loan facility and the revolving credit facility, the company is subject to negative covenants limiting subsidiary indebtedness and certain other covenants typical for investment-grade-rated borrowers, and the company is required to maintain a leverage ratio within certain limits.
41
index the company's level of indebtedness could adversely affect its business. in particular, it could increase the company's vulnerability to sustained, adverse macroeconomic weakness, limit its ability to obtain further financing, and limit its ability to pursue certain operational and strategic opportunities, including large acquisitions.
the company may also enter into additional transactions or credit facilities, including other long-term debt, which may increase its indebtedness and result in additional restrictions upon the business. in addition, major debt rating agencies regularly evaluate the company's debt based on a number of factors. there can be no assurance that the company will be able to maintain its existing debt ratings, and failure to do so could adversely affect the company's cost of funds, liquidity and access to capital markets.
global economic conditions and government and regulatory changes, including, but not limited to, the u.k.'s pending exit from the european union (e.u.), could adversely impact the company's business and results of operations.
the company could be adversely impacted due to the consequences of changes in the economy, governments or regulations across the globe. in june 2016, a majority of voters in the u.k. elected to withdraw from the e.u. (often referred to as brexit) in a national referendum. although the referendum was advisory, the current u.k. government is abiding by the referendum and is in negotiations to withdraw from the e.u. in the near future. the terms of any withdrawal and future relations between the e.u. and the u.k. are not yet determined. while it appears that e.u. laws and regulations will continue to apply in the u.k. until the withdrawal is completed, it is difficult to anticipate how the clinical trial landscape in the u.k. might change in the next several years.
this type of development or other government or regulatory change could depress economic activity, which could adversely impact the company's business, financial condition and results of operations. this could include long-term volatility in the currency markets and long-term detrimental effects on the value of affected currencies.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (in millions)
general net revenues increased 8.1% in comparison to 2016 primarily due to growth from acquisitions of 5.8% and organic growth (net revenue growth less revenue from acquisitions for the first twelve months after the close of each acquisition) of 2.3%. operating income increased 3.9% in comparison to 2016 primarily due to acquisitions, organic revenue growth and the company's launchpad business process improvement initiative. during 2017, the company achieved its three-year-goal to deliver $150.0 in net launchpad savings. the company expects the inclusion of chiltern international group limited (chiltern) for a full twelve months in 2018 will provide an approximate 13.0% to 14.0% increase in cdd revenue for 2018, excluding the impact of the adoption of the new revenue recognition accounting standard.
on april 25, 2017, the company announced that it was expanding its launchpad business process improvement initiative to include its cdd segment. the company generated $20.0 in savings in 2017, and expects to achieve additional net savings of $130.0 through the three-year period ending 2020. this initiative is expected to align people and capabilities with client and business demand, utilize automation and new information technology platforms to create efficiencies, and enhance customers' experience with cdd through investments in commercial and operational processes.
during the fourth quarter of 2017, the company recorded the estimated impact of the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 (tcja), which resulted in a favorable re-valuation of deferred taxes, partially offset by the deemed repatriation tax. given the significant changes resulting from the tcja, the estimated financial impact is provisional and subject to further clarification, which could result in changes to these estimates in 2018. the company expects its consolidated effective tax rate to be approximately 25.0% in 2018, which will benefit earnings per share and cash flow compared to the tax rate in 2017. the company will invest a portion of this benefit in its employees, and has announced a one-time payment to all eligible employees that will be paid in 2018 based on length of service and certain other criteria.
51
the new accounting standard on revenue recognition will be effective for the company beginning january 1, 2018. the company will adopt the full retrospective method allowed by this standard and is continuing to evaluate the expected impact of this adoption. currently, the company expects this standard to reduce lcd revenue but increase lcd operating margins due to the recording of substantially all lcd bad debt expense against net revenues (versus selling, general and administrative expense) as an implicit price reduction. the company expects this standard to increase cdd reported revenue and decrease gross profit margin due to inclusion of reimbursable out-of-pocket expenses and investigator fees in revenues and cost of sales. in addition, the company expects the timing of revenue recognition for customer contracts in the clinical business to accelerate, as revenue from study related change orders will be included in the total transaction price and recognized as the single performance obligation is satisfied, when reasonably estimated, which is often prior to the signed change order threshold used previously. cdd will also discontinue its current practice of expensing sales commissions when paid upon the execution of a customer contract and instead will recognize this selling expense over the weighted average of the underlying contract terms for each major revenue stream. based on its preliminary analysis, the company currently anticipates that 2017 total revenue will be approximately 2.0% to 5.0% higher under the new standard upon retrospective restatement consisting of an increase in cdd revenue (due in large part to the inclusion of out-of-pocket and investigator fees in revenue) partially offset by a decrease in lcd revenue (due to the recording of bad debt expense as an offset within revenue). the company also anticipates enhanced financial statement disclosures surrounding the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. the company is currently performing a detailed contract review which will be completed before the final quantification of the impact of the standard is completed. the impact of the new standard will be finalized upon adoption in the first quarter of 2018 and is therefore subject to change.
the company notes that changes to the affordable care act may continue to affect coverage, reimbursement and utilization of laboratory services, as well as administrative requirements, in ways that are currently unpredictable. further, structural reforms of medicare that could occur, such as imposition of uniform co-insurance and combination of the medicare part a and part b deductibles, could adversely affect medicare reimbursement for laboratory reimbursement.
cms published its initial proposed clfs rates under pama for 2018-2020 on september 22, 2017. following a public comment period, cms made adjustments and published final clfs rates for 2018-2020 on november 17, 2017, with additional adjustments published on december 1, 2017. for 2018, the company estimates that the clfs rates will reduce lcd revenue from all payers affected by the clfs by a total of approximately 8% ($70.0 million)
the company plans to continue to work to maintain its investment grade credit rating and plans to use its operating cash flows to meet its annual capital expenditure requirements and to continue building long-term shareholder value through strategic acquisitions, debt reduction and the return of capital to shareholders.
seasonality and external factors the company experiences seasonality in both segments of its business. for example, testing volume generally declines during the year-end holiday period and other major holidays and can also decline due to inclement weather, reducing net revenues, operating margins and cash flows. operations are also impacted by changes in the global economy, exchange rate fluctuations, political and regulatory changes, the progress of ongoing studies and the startup of new studies, as well as the level of expenditures made by the biopharmaceutical industry in r&d. the results of both segments are impacted by exchange rate fluctuations. approximately 21.4% of the company's net revenues are billed in currencies other than the u.s. dollar, with the swiss franc, british pound, canadian dollar and the euro representing the largest components of its currency exposure. the company expects the inclusion of chiltern for a full twelve months in 2018 will increase the company's percentage of revenues billed in currencies other than the u.s. dollar. given the seasonality and changing economic factors impacting the business, comparison of the results for successive quarters may not accurately reflect trends or results for the full year.
results of operations years ended december 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015
net revenues years ended december 31,                       change
2017                                           2016                    2015                           2017           2016
lcd                            $7,170.5                $6,593.9                $6,199.3            8.7   %        6.4   %
cdd                             3,037.2                 2,844.1                 2,306.4            6.8   %       23.3   %
intercompany eliminations          (1.8    )               (0.8    )                  -          125.0   %        n/a total                         $10,205.9                $9,437.2                $8,505.7            8.1   %       11.0   %
the 8.1% increase in net revenue for the year ended december 31, 2017, as compared with the corresponding period in 2016 was due to growth from acquisitions of 5.8% and organic growth of 2.3%.
52
index lcd net revenues for the year ended december 31, 2017, were $7,170.5, an increase of 8.7% over net revenues of $6,593.9 in the corresponding period in 2016. the increase in net revenue was the result of acquisitions, organic volume growth (measured by requisitions), price and mix. total volume (measured by requisitions) increased by 5.8%, of which organic volume was 2.2% and acquisition volume was 3.6%. revenue per requisition increased 2.9%.
cdd net revenues for the year ended december 31, 2017, were $3,037.2, an increase of 6.8% over net revenues of $2,844.1 in the corresponding period in 2016. the increase in net revenue was primarily due to the acquisition of chiltern, which contributed growth of 6.6%, an increase in organic growth of 0.4% and an unfavorable impact from foreign currency translation of approximately 0.2%.
the increase in net revenues for the year ended december 31, 2016, as compared with the corresponding period in 2015 was driven primarily by the inclusion of covance's financial results for the entire year as well as solid organic growth and acquisitions, partially offset by the negative impact of foreign currency translation.
lcd net revenues for the year ended december 31, 2016, were $6,593.9, an increase of 6.4% over net revenues of $6,199.3 in the corresponding period in 2015. the increase in net revenues was driven by organic volume growth, measured by requisitions, of 1.2%. the commercial launch of beacon lbs, the company's technology-enabled solution providing point-of-care decision support, contributed 0.3%. the increase in net revenues was unfavorably impacted by 0.3% of currency fluctuations. revenue per requisition favorably impacted revenue by 2.7%. in addition, acquisitions added 2.5% to net revenues.
cdd net revenues for the year ended december 31, 2016, were $2,844.1, an increase of 23.3% over net revenues of $2,306.4 in the corresponding period in 2015. the increase in revenue is due to the inclusion of a full year of covance revenue for 2016 as compared to the period from the close of the covance acquisition on february 19, 2015, through december 31, 2015, as well as demand and mix. this increase was partially offset by the expiration on october 31, 2015, of a minimum volume service contract and an unfavorable currency impact of approximately 160 basis points.
net cost of revenues years ended december 31,                    change
2017                                                                          2016                    2015        2017          2016
net cost of revenues                         $6,741.9                $6,256.7                $5,602.4          7.8   %      11.7   %
cost of revenues as a % of net revenues          66.1    %               66.3    %               65.9    %
net cost of revenues (primarily laboratory, labor and distribution costs) increased 7.8% in 2017 as compared with 2016 primarily due to increased volume, measured by requisitions, and test mix changes. the slight decrease in net cost of revenues as a percentage of net revenues in 2017 as compared to 2016 was due to launchpad savings and acquisition integration synergies offset by relatively higher costs of revenues for certain 2017 acquisitions. the increase in net cost of revenues in 2017 was negatively impacted by a net increase of 0.1% due to currency fluctuations.
net cost of revenues (primarily laboratory, labor and distribution costs) increased 11.7% in 2016 as compared with 2015 primarily due to increased volume, measured by requisitions, and test mix changes. the increase in net cost of revenues as a percentage of net revenues in 2016 as compared to 2015 was due to the inclusion of cdd operations, which carry higher personnel costs as a percentage of revenue, for the entire year along with overall growth in the company's operations. the increase in net cost of revenues in 2016 was negatively impacted by a net increase of 0.6% due to currency fluctuations.
labor and testing supplies for the year ended december 31, 2017, comprise over 76.3% of the company's net cost of revenues. net cost of revenues has increased over the three-year period ended december 31, 2017, primarily due to the impact of acquisitions, overall growth in the company's volume and increases in merit-based labor costs.
selling, general and administrative expenses years ended december 31,                    change
2017                                                                               2016                    2015          2017        2016
selling, general and administrative expenses      $1,812.4                $1,630.2                $1,628.1           11.2   %     0.1   %
sg&amp;a as a % of net revenues                       17.8    %               17.3    %               19.1    %
selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net revenues increased to 17.8% in 2017 compared to 17.3% in 2016. the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net revenues is primarily due to current year acquisitions offset by launchpad savings. bad debt expense as a percentage of net revenues for lcd was 4.4% for that segment during 2017 as compared to 4.3% in 2016. the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses in 2017 was impacted by a net increase of 0.1% due to currency fluctuations.
the company incurred legal and other costs of $49.7 primarily relating to the acquisition of chiltern. the company also recorded $25.6 in consulting and other expenses relating to covance and chiltern integration initiatives. in addition, the company
53
index incurred $4.4 in consulting expenses relating to fees incurred as part of its integration and management transition costs. the company also recognized asset impairment losses of $20.9 related to the termination of software development projects within the cdd segment and the forgiveness of certain indebtedness for lcd customers in areas heavily impacted by hurricanes during the third quarter. excluding these charges, selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net revenues were 16.8% for the year ended december 31, 2017.
selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net revenues decreased to 17.3% in 2016 compared to 19.1% in 2015. the decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net revenues is primarily due to the covance acquisition, integration synergies, and the impact of launchpad, lcd's comprehensive, enterprise-wide business process improvement initiative. bad debt expense as a percentage of net revenues for lcd remained constant at 4.3% for that segment during 2016 and 2015. the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses in 2016 was impacted by a net increase of 0.5% due to currency fluctuations.
during 2016, the company incurred additional legal and other costs of $4.6 relating to the wind-down of two operations used to service minimum volume service contract operations. on february 9, 2016, the company reached an agreement for the sale of assets and business of one of these sites. as required by u.k. law, substantially all of the employees were transferred with the business. on november 21, 2016, following the wind-down of the business, the company reached an agreement for the sale of the property and assets of the other site. in addition, the company incurred $8.0 in acquisition fees and expenses. the company also recorded $6.9 in consulting expenses relating to fees incurred as part of its covance acquisition integration costs and compensation analysis, along with $2.5 in short-term equity retention arrangements relating to the covance acquisition and $8.9 of accelerated equity compensation relating to executive transition. in addition, the company incurred $9.0 of non-capitalized costs associated with the implementation of a major system as part of launchpad. excluding these charges, selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net revenues were 16.9% for the year ended december 31, 2016.
during 2015, the company incurred additional legal and other costs of $5.7 relating to the wind-down of two operations used to service minimum volume contract operations. the company also recorded $25.6 in consulting expenses relating to fees incurred as part of launchpad as well as covance integration costs and employee compensation studies, along with $5.4 in short-term equity retention arrangements relating to the covance acquisition and $0.3 of accelerated equity compensation relating to the previously disclosed retirement of a company executive. during the fourth quarter, the company paid $12.2 in settlement costs and litigation expenses related to the resolution of a u.s. federal court putative class action lawsuit. in addition, the company incurred $3.0 of non-capitalized costs associated with the implementation of a major system as part of launchpad. excluding these charges, selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net revenues were 18.5% for the year ended december 31, 2015.
amortization expense years ended december 31,                      change
2017                                                                           2016                  2015          2017          2016
lcd                                               $116.7                 $93.4                 $82.4           24.9   %      13.3   %
cdd                                                 99.8                  86.1                  82.1           15.9   %       4.9   %
amortization of intangibles and other assets      $216.5                $179.5                $164.5           20.6   %       9.1   %
the increase in amortization of intangibles and other assets from 2015 through 2017 primarily reflects the impact of acquisitions offset by the impact of working capital and earnout adjustments.
restructuring and other special charges years ended december 31,
2017                                                     2016                2015
restructuring and other special charges     $70.9               $58.4                $113.9
during 2017, the company recorded net restructuring charges of $70.9; $16.8 within lcd and $54.1 within cdd. the charges were comprised of $36.1 in severance and other personnel costs and $39.9 in facility-related costs primarily associated with general integration activities. the charges were offset by the reversal of previously established reserves of $0.5 in unused severance and $4.6 in unused facility-related costs.
during 2016, the company recorded net restructuring and other special charges of $58.4; $15.8 within lcd and $42.6 within cdd. the charges were comprised of $30.9 related to severance and other personnel costs along with $33.8 in costs associated with facility closures. a substantial portion of these costs relate to the planned closure of duplicative data center operations and other facilities. these charges were offset by the reversal of previously established reserves of $2.8 in unused severance and $3.5 in unused facility-related costs, as the result of selling one of its minimum volume service contract facilities to a third party.
54
index during 2015, the company recorded net restructuring and other special charges of $113.9; $39.2 within lcd and $74.7 within cdd. the charges were comprised of $59.2 related to severance and other personnel costs along with $55.8 in costs associated with facility closures and general integration initiatives. a substantial portion of these costs relate to the planned closure of two cdd operations that serviced a minimum volume contract that expired on october 31, 2015. these charges were offset by the reversal of previously established reserves of $1.1 in unused facility-related costs. included within the facility-related charges noted above is a $26.7 asset impairment charge relating to cdd lab and customer service applications that will no longer be used.
interest expense years ended december 31,                       change
2017                                2016                  2015                       2017   2016
interest expense      $235.1                $219.1                $274.9          7.3   %       (20.3   )%
the increase in interest expense for 2017 as compared with the corresponding period in 2016 is primarily due to the issuance of senior notes, the addition of the 2017 term loan, and increased borrowings under the company's revolving credit facility, to fund the acquisition of chiltern and support growth. this increase was partially offset by the repayment of the 2.20% senior notes in august 2017 and a portion of the zero-coupon subordinated notes, and the retirement of the convertible senior notes acquired as part of the sequenom acquisition in october 2016.
the decrease in interest expense for 2016 as compared with the corresponding period in 2015 is primarily due to the reduction of the term loan balance, covance acquisition-related expenses including a $37.4 make-whole payment that was required in connection with the prepayment of the $250.0 covance senior notes and $15.2 of deferred financing costs associated with the company's previous credit agreement and the bridge financing facilities used to complete the covance acquisition. in addition, the company repaid the 3.125% senior notes in may 2016. these decreases were offset by $5.6 of interest expense relating to the early retirement of subsidiary indebtedness and the timing of covance acquisition-related debt.
equity method income, net years ended december 31,                         change
2017                                       2016                2015                       2017   2016
equity method income, net     $11.3                $7.9               $10.0           43.0   %       (21.0   )%
equity method income, net represents the company's ownership share in joint venture partnerships along with equity investments in other companies in the healthcare industry. all of these partnerships and investments reside within lcd. the increase in income for 2017 as compared with the corresponding period in 2016 was primarily due to the increased profitability in one of the joint ventures and the addition of several joint ventures related to the may 2017 acquisition of pathology associates medical laboratories (paml).
other, net years ended december 31,                                                      change
2017                        2016                2015                       2017   2016
other, net   $(7.6     )            $2.6             $(7.8     )      392.3   %       (133.3   )%
other, net is primarily comprised of net investment gains and losses as well as the realization of foreign currency transaction losses.
the decrease in other, net for the year ended december 31, 2017, is primarily due to the inclusion of a net gain of $9.7 on the sale of investment securities from the company's venture fund in 2016, offset by an increase in net realized foreign currency transaction losses.
the increase in other, net for the year ended december 31, 2016, is primarily due to a net gain of $9.7 on the sale of investment securities from the company's venture fund offset by net realized foreign currency transaction losses and a non-cash loss of $2.3 upon the dissolution of one of the company's equity investments in 2015.
income tax expense years ended december 31,
2017                                                                             2016                  2015
income tax expense                               $(139.1     )            $372.3                $287.3
income tax expense as a % of income before tax   (12.3       )%             33.7    %             39.6    %
during the fourth quarter of 2017, the company recorded the estimated provisions of the tcja, which resulted in a reduction in income tax expense arising from a re-measurement of deferred taxes, and the release of deferred taxes on unremitted foreign
55
index earnings, partially offset by the deemed repatriation tax. given the significant changes resulting from the tcja, the estimated financial impact is provisional and subject to further clarification, which could result in changes to these estimates in 2018.
the effective rate for 2017 was favorably impacted by the re-measurement of the company's net deferred tax liabilities to rates enacted in the tcja, partially offset by the deemed repatriation tax enacted in this legislation. the 2017 rate was also favorably impacted by foreign earnings taxed at rates lower than the u.s. and by share-based compensation.
in 2016 and 2015, the company's effective rate was favorably impacted by foreign earnings taxed at lower rates than the u.s. statutory tax rate and, for 2016 specifically, by a reduction in certain foreign rates. the 2016 rate also benefited from the early adoption of share-based payment accounting and the reversal of uncertain tax position reserves. the company considers substantially all of its foreign earnings to be permanently reinvested overseas.
the effective rate for 2015 was unfavorably impacted by restructuring and acquisition items, the recording of additional uncertain tax reserves and a decrease in the benefit recorded from releasing uncertain tax reserves.
operating results by segment years ended december 31,                         change
2017                                                             2016                    2015             2017          2016
lcd                             $1,298.6                $1,187.6                $1,053.7              9.3    %      12.7   %
lcd operating margin                18.1    %               18.0    %               17.0    %         0.1    %       1.0   %
cdd                               $206.2                  $272.7                   $73.5            (24.4   )%     271.0   %
cdd operating margin                 6.8    %                9.6    %                3.2    %        (2.8   )%       6.4   %
general corporate expenses       $(140.6    )            $(147.9    )            $(130.4    )        (4.9   )%      13.4   %
total                           $1,364.2                $1,312.4                  $996.8              3.9    %      31.7   %
lcd operating earnings were $1,298.6 for the year ended december 31, 2017, an increase of 9.3% over operating earnings of $1,187.6 in the corresponding period of 2016 and an increase of 0.1% in operating margin year-over-year. the slight increase in operating margin was primarily due to strong revenue growth and launchpad savings, offset by lower margins on certain 2017 acquisitions prior to the full impact of synergies. during the year, the company achieved its three-year goal to deliver $150.0 in net launchpad savings.
cdd operating earnings were $206.2 for the year ended december 31, 2017, a decrease of 24.4% over operating earnings of $272.7 in the corresponding period of 2016 and a decrease of 2.8% in operating margin year-over-year. the decrease in operating earning and operating margin was primarily due to acquisitions and transaction costs. the segment also experienced higher personnel costs and increased restructuring and other special charges related to the expansion of launchpad and the termination of a software development project. these costs were partially offset by cost synergies. during the year, the company achieved its three-year goal to deliver cost synergies of $100.0 related to the covance acquisition.
general corporate expenses are comprised primarily of administrative services such as executive management, human resources, legal, finance, corporate affairs, and information technology. corporate expenses were $140.6 for the year ended december 31, 2017, a decrease of 4.9% over corporate expenses of $147.9 in the corresponding period of 2016. the decrease in corporate expenses in 2017 is primarily due to a reduction in acquisition related costs and certain incentive compensation.
liquidity, capital resources and financial position the company's strong cash-generating capability and financial condition typically have provided ready access to capital markets. the company's principal source of liquidity is operating cash flow, supplemented by proceeds from debt offerings. the company's senior unsecured revolving credit facility is further discussed in note 11 to the company's consolidated financial statements.
in summary the company's cash flows were as follows:
for the year ended december 31,
2017                                                                                 2016                    2015
net cash provided by operating activities                            $1,459.4                $1,175.9                  $982.4
net cash used for investing activities                               (2,228.7    )             (795.7    )           (3,994.9    )
net cash (used in) provided by financing activities                     631.9                  (649.8    )            3,184.6
effect of exchange rate on changes in cash and cash equivalents          20.5                   (13.2    )              (35.7    )
net change in cash and cash equivalents                               $(116.9    )            $(282.8    )             $136.4
56
index cash and cash equivalents cash and cash equivalents at december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 totaled $316.7, $433.6 and $716.4, respectively. cash and cash equivalents consist of highly liquid instruments, such as commercial paper, time deposits and other money market investments, substantially all of which have original maturities of three months or less.
cash flows from operating activities during the year ended december 31, 2017, the company's operations provided $1,459.4 of cash as compared to $1,175.9 in 2016. the $283.5 increase in cash provided from operations in 2017 as compared with the corresponding 2016 period was primarily due to higher net earnings and improved working capital in 2017. the company's 2017 earnings were impacted by $70.9 of restructuring and special items compared to an impact of $58.4 during the same period in 2016.
during the year ended december 31, 2016, the company's operations provided $1,175.9 of cash as compared to $982.4 in 2015. the $193.5 increase in cash provided from operations in 2016 as compared with the corresponding 2015 period was primarily due to higher net earnings in 2016. the company's 2016 earnings were impacted by $58.4 of restructuring and special items compared to an impact of $113.9 during the same period in 2015, primarily in connection with the covance acquisition.
cash flows from investing activities net cash used in investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2017, was $2,228.7 as compared to $795.7 for the year ended december 31, 2016. the $1,433.0 increase in cash used in investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2017, was primarily due to a year over year increase of $1,334.0 in cash paid for acquisitions. in addition, the company had proceeds of $5.5 from the sale of assets during 2017 in comparison to $30.8 during 2016. capital expenditures were $312.9 and $278.9 for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. capital expenditures in 2017 were 3.1% of net revenues primarily in connection with projects to support growth in the company's core businesses, projects related to launchpad and further covance integration initiatives. the company intends to continue to pursue acquisitions to fund growth and make important investments in its business, including in information technology, and to improve efficiency and enable the execution of the company's mission. such expenditures are expected to be funded by cash flow from operations or, as needed, through borrowings under debt facilities, including the company's revolving credit facility or any successor facility. the company expects such capital expenditures in 2018 to be approximately 3.5% of net revenues, primarily in connection with projects to support growth in the company's core businesses, facility updates, ongoing projects related to launchpad within the lcd business, launchpad's expansion within the cdd business, and further acquisition integration initiatives.
net cash used in investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2016, was $795.7 as compared to $3,994.9 for the year ended december 31, 2015. the $3,184.3 decrease in cash used in investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2016, was primarily due to cash paid for the covance acquisition in the first quarter of 2015. in addition, the company had proceeds of $30.8 from the sale of assets during 2016 in comparison to $0.6 during 2015. capital expenditures were $278.9 and $255.8 for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
cash flows from financing activities net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2017, was $631.9 compared to cash used for financing activities of $649.8 for the year ended december 31, 2016. this movement in cash within financing activities for 2017, as compared to 2016, was primarily a result of $923.0 of net financing proceeds and $338.1 in share repurchases in 2017 compared to $658.4 in debt repayments combined with $43.9 share repurchases in 2016.
net cash used in financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2016, was $649.8 compared to $3,184.6 net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2015. this movement in cash within financing activities for 2016, as compared to 2015, was primarily a result of $3,113.7 of net financing proceeds in 2015 compared to $658.4 in debt repayments combined with $43.9 for the re-initiation of the company's share repurchase program in 2016.
on august 22, 2017, the company issued new senior notes representing $1,200.0 in debt securities consisting of a $600.0 aggregate principal amount of 3.25% senior notes due 2024 and a $600.0 aggregate principal amount of 3.60% senior notes due 2027. interest on these notes is payable semi-annually on march 1 and september 1 of each year, commencing on march 1, 2018. net proceeds from the offering of these notes were $1,190.1 after deducting underwriting discounts and other expenses of the offering. net proceeds were used to pay off the 2.20% senior notes due august 23, 2017, as well as a portion of the cash consideration and the fees and expenses in connection with the chiltern acquisition.
on september 15, 2017, the company entered into a new $750.0 term loan. the 2017 term loan facility will mature on september 15, 2022. the 2017 term loan balance at december 31, 2017, was $750.0.
on december 19, 2014, the company entered into a five-year term loan credit facility in the principal amount of $1,000.0 for the purpose of financing a portion of the cash consideration and the fees and expenses in connection with the transactions
57
index contemplated by the november 2, 2014, merger agreement to acquire covance. the term loan credit facility was advanced in full on the covance acquisition date and was amended on july 13, 2016 and further amended on september 15, 2017. the term loan credit facility will mature five years after the covance acquisition date and may be prepaid without penalty. the 2014 term loan balance at december 31, 2017, was $72.0.
also as part of its financing of the covance acquisition, the company issued $2,900.0 in debt securities consisting of $500.0 aggregate principal amount of 2.625% senior notes due 2020, $500.0 aggregate principal amount of 3.20% senior notes due 2022, $1,000.0 aggregate principal amount of 3.60% senior notes due 2025 and $900.0 aggregate principal amount of 4.70% senior notes due 2045.
on february 13, 2015, the company entered into a 60-day cash bridge term loan credit facility in the principal amount of $400.0 for the purpose of financing a portion of the cash consideration and the fees and expenses in connection with the covance acquisition. the 60-day cash bridge term loan credit facility was advanced in full on the covance acquisition date, and was repaid in march 2015.
on september 15, 2017, the company also entered into an amendment and restatement of its existing senior revolving credit facility, which was originally entered into on december 21, 2011, and amended on december 21, 2011. the senior revolving credit facility consists of a five-year revolving facility in the principal amount of up to $1,000.0, with the option of increasing the facility by up to an additional $350.0, subject to the agreement of one or more new or existing lenders to provide such additional amounts and certain other customary conditions. the revolving credit facility also provides for a subfacility of up to $100.0 for swing line borrowings and a subfacility of up to $150.0 for issuances of letters of credit. the revolving credit facility is permitted to be used for general corporate purposes, including working capital, capital expenditures, funding of share repurchases and certain other payments, and acquisitions and other investments. there were no balances outstanding on the company's current revolving credit facility at december 31, 2017, or december 31, 2016.
on january 30, 2015, the company issued the covance acquisition notes, which represent $2,900.0 in debt securities consisting of $500.0 aggregate principal amount of 2.625% senior notes due 2020, $500.0 aggregate principal amount of 3.20% senior notes due 2022, $1,000.0 aggregate principal amount of 3.60% senior notes due 2025 and $900.0 aggregate principal amount of 4.70% senior notes due 2045. net proceeds from the offering of the covance acquisition notes were $2,870.2 after deducting underwriting discounts and other estimated expenses of the offering. net proceeds were used to pay a portion of the cash consideration and the fees and expenses in connection with the acquisition of covance.
under the company's term loan credit facilities and the revolving credit facility, the company is subject to negative covenants limiting subsidiary indebtedness and certain other covenants typical for investment grade-rated borrowers and the company is required to maintain certain leverage ratios. the company was in compliance with all covenants under the term loan credit facilities and the revolving credit facility at december 31, 2017. as of december 31, 2017, the ratio of total debt to consolidated pro forma trailing 12 month earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, and amortization (ebitda) was 3.2 to 1.0.
the 2014 term loan credit facility accrues interest at a per annum rate equal to, at the company's election, either an intercontinental exchange london inter-bank offered rate (libor) rate plus a margin ranging from 1.125% to 2.00%, or a base rate determined according to a prime rate or federal funds rate plus a margin ranging from 0.125% to 1.00%. the 2017 term loan credit facility accrues interest at a per annum rate equal to, at the company's election, either a libor rate plus a margin ranging from 0.875% to 1.50%, or a base rate determined according to a prime rate or federal funds rate plus a margin ranging from 0.0% to 0.50%. advances under the revolving credit facility accrue interest at a per annum rate equal to, at the company's election, either a libor rate plus a margin ranging from 0.775% to 1.25%, or a base rate determined according to a prime rate or federal funds rate plus a margin ranging from 0.00% to 0.25%. fees are payable on outstanding letters of credit under the revolving credit facility at a per annum rate equal to the applicable margin for libor loans, and the company is required to pay a facility fee on the aggregate commitments under the revolving credit facility, at a per annum rate ranging from 0.10% to 0.25%. the interest margin applicable to the credit facilities, and the facility fee and letter of credit fees payable under the revolving credit facility, are based on the company's senior credit ratings as determined by s&p and moody's.
as of december 31, 2017, the effective interest rate on the revolving credit facility was 2.7% and the effective interest rate was 2.8% and 2.6% on the 2014 and 2017 term loans, respectively.
there was no outstanding balance on the company's revolving credit facility at december 31, 2017, or 2016. as of december 31, 2017, the company provided letters of credit aggregating $72.2, primarily in connection with certain insurance programs. letters of credit provided by the company are issued under the company's revolving credit facility and are renewed annually.
during 2017, the company purchased 2.5 shares of its common stock at a total cost of $338.1. at the end of 2017, the company had outstanding authorization from the board of directors to purchase an additional $401.4 of company common stock. the repurchase authorization has no expiration date.
58
index the company had a $27.4 and $28.3 reserve for unrecognized income tax benefits, including interest and penalties, as of december 31, 2017, and december 31, 2016, respectively. substantially all of these tax reserves are classified in other long-term liabilities in the company's consolidated balance sheets at december 31, 2017, and 2016.
during 2017 and 2016, the company settled notices to convert $37.1 and $59.4 aggregate principal amount at maturity of its zero-coupon subordinated notes with a conversion value of $33.9 and $53.7, respectively. the total cash used for these settlements was $33.9 and $53.7 and the company also issued 0.3 and 0.4 additional shares of common stock, respectively. as a result of these conversions in 2017 and 2016, the company also reversed approximately $0.0 and $4.9, respectively, of deferred tax liability to reflect the tax benefit realized upon issuance of the shares.
on september 12, 2017, the company announced that for the period of september 12, 2017 to march 10, 2018, the zero-coupon subordinated notes will accrue contingent cash interest at a rate of no less than 0.125% of the average market price of a zero-coupon subordinated note for the five trading days ended september 8, 2017, in addition to the continued accrual of the original issue discount.
on january 3, 2018, the company announced that its zero-coupon subordinated notes may be converted into cash and common stock at the conversion rate of 13.4108 per $1,000.0 principal amount at maturity of the notes, subject to the terms of the zero-coupon subordinated notes and the indenture, dated as of october 23, 2006, between the company, and the bank of new york mellon as trustee and the conversion agent. in order to exercise the option to convert all or a portion of the zero-coupon subordinated notes, holders are required to validly surrender their zero-coupon subordinated notes at any time during the calendar quarter beginning january 1, 2018, through the close of business on the last business day of the calendar quarter, which is 5:00 p.m., new york city time, on friday, march 31, 2018. if notices of conversion are received, the company plans to settle the cash portion of the conversion obligation with cash on hand and/or borrowings under its revolving credit facility.
credit ratings the company's debt ratings of baa2 from moody's and bbb from s&p contribute to its ability to access capital markets.
contractual cash obligations payments due by period
2019-                     2021-                2023 and total                2018                  2020                      2022              thereafter operating lease obligations                        $763.4              $196.1                $258.7                    $147.8                $160.8
contingent future licensing payments (a)             22.4                 3.5                   7.7     5.6               9.8                   1.4
minimum royalty payments                             24.2                 2.5                   8.1                      12.1                   1.5
purchase obligations                                 29.2                25.5                   3.7                         -                     -
capital lease obligations                           110.4                15.6                  27.5                      22.3                  45.0
scheduled interest payments on senior notes       2,150.7               218.1                 407.5                     324.3               1,200.8
scheduled interest payments on term loan            117.6                25.3                  53.8                      38.5                     -
long-term debt                                    6,741.6               410.6               1,258.7                   1,672.3               3,400.0
total contractual cash obligations (b) (c)       $9,959.5              $897.2              $2,025.7                  $2,227.1              $4,809.5
(a)   contingent future licensing payments will be made if certain events take place, such as the launch of a specific test, the transfer of certain technology, and the achievement specified revenue milestones.
(b)   the table does not include obligations under the company's pension and postretirement benefit plans, which are included in "note 16 to consolidated financial statements." benefits under the company's postretirement medical plan are made when claims are submitted for payment, the timing of which is not practicable to estimate.
(c)   the table does not include the company's reserves for unrecognized tax benefits. the company had a $27.4 and $28.3 reserve for unrecognized tax benefits, including interest and penalties, at december 31, 2017, and 2016, respectively, which is included in "note 13 to consolidated financial statements." substantially all of these tax reserves are classified in other long-term liabilities in the company's consolidated balance sheets at december 31, 2017, and 2016.
off-balance sheet arrangements the company does not have transactions or relationships with "special purpose" entities, and the company does not have any off-balance sheet financing other than normal operating leases and letters of credit.
other commercial commitments as of december 31, 2017, the company provided letters of credit aggregating approximately $72.2, primarily in connection with certain insurance programs. letters of credit provided by the company are secured by the company's revolving credit facility and are renewed annually.
59
index the contractual value of the noncontrolling interest put in the company's ontario subsidiary totaled $20.8 and $15.2 at december 31, 2017, and 2016, respectively, and has been classified as mezzanine equity in the company's consolidated balance sheet.
based on current and projected levels of cash flows from operations, coupled with availability under its revolving credit facility, the company believes it has sufficient liquidity to meet both its anticipated short-term and long-term cash needs; however, the company continually reassesses its liquidity position in light of market conditions and other relevant factors.
critical accounting policies the preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reported periods. while the company believes these estimates are reasonable and consistent, they are by their very nature estimates of amounts that will depend on future events. accordingly, actual results could differ from these estimates. the company's audit committee periodically reviews the company's significant accounting policies. the company's critical accounting policies arise in conjunction with the following:
•   revenue recognition and allowance for doubtful accounts;
•   pension expense;
•   accruals for self-insurance reserves;
•   income taxes; and
•   goodwill and indefinite-lived assets.
revenue recognition and allowance for doubtful accounts lcd recognizes revenue for services rendered when the testing process is complete and test results are reported to the ordering physician. the sales are generally billed to three types of payers - customers, patients and third parties such as managed care organizations (mcos), medicare and medicaid. for customers, sales are recorded on a fee-for-service basis at the company's customer list price, less any negotiated discount. patient sales are recorded at the company's patient fee schedule, net of any discounts negotiated with physicians on behalf of their patients, or made available through charity care or an uninsured or underinsured patient program. lcd bills third-party payers in two ways: fee-for-service and capitated agreements. fee-for-service third-party payers are billed at the company's patient fee schedule amount, and third-party revenue is recorded net of contractual discounts. these discounts are recorded at the transaction level at the time of sale based on a fee schedule that is maintained for each third-party payer. the majority of the company's third-party sales are recorded using an actual or contracted fee schedule at the time of sale. for the remaining third-party sales, estimated fee schedules are maintained for each payer. adjustments to the estimated payment amounts are recorded at the time of final collection and settlement of each transaction as an adjustment to revenue. these adjustments are not material to the company's results of operations in any period presented. the company periodically adjusts these estimated fee schedules based upon historical payment trends. under capitated agreements with mcos, the company recognizes revenue based on a negotiated monthly contractual rate for each member of the managed care plan regardless of the number or cost of the tests performed.
cdd recognizes revenue either as services are performed or products are delivered, depending on the nature of the work contracted. historically, a majority of cdd's net revenues have been earned under contracts that range in duration from a few months to a few years, but can extend in duration up to five years or longer. occasionally, cdd also has committed minimum volume arrangements with certain customers. under these types of arrangements, if the annual minimum dollar value of service commitment is not reached, the customer is required to pay cdd for the shortfall. annual minimum commitment shortfalls are not included in net revenues until the amount has been determined and agreed to by the customer.
service contracts generally take the form of fee-for-service or fixed-price arrangements subject to pricing adjustments based on changes in scope. in cases where performance spans multiple accounting periods, revenue is recognized as services are performed, measured on a proportional-performance basis, generally using output measures that are specific to the service provided. examples of output measures in preclinical services include, among others, the number of slides read, or specimens prepared. examples of output measures in the clinical trials services include, among others, the number of investigators enrolled, the number of sites initiated, the number of trial subjects enrolled and the number of monitoring visits completed, or the number of dosings for clinical pharmacology. revenue is determined by dividing the actual units of work completed by the total units of work required under the contract and multiplying that percentage by the total contract value. the total contract value, or total contractual payments, represents the aggregate contracted price for each of the agreed upon services to be provided. cdd does not have any contractual arrangements spanning multiple accounting periods where revenue is recognized on a proportional-performance basis under which the company has earned more than an immaterial amount of performance-based revenue (i.e., potential additional revenue tied to specific deliverables or performance). changes in the scope of work are common, especially under long-term contracts, and generally result in a change in contract value. once the customer has agreed to the changes in scope and renegotiated pricing
60
index terms, the contract value is amended with revenue recognized as described above. estimates of costs to complete are made to provide, where appropriate, for losses expected on contracts. costs are not deferred in anticipation of contracts being awarded, but instead are expensed as incurred.
billing schedules and payment terms are generally negotiated on a contract-by-contract basis. in some cases, cdd bills the customer for the total contract value in progress-based installments as certain non-contingent billing milestones are reached over the contract duration, such as, but not limited to, contract signing, initial dosing, investigator site initiation, patient enrollment or database lock. the term "billing milestone" relates only to a billing trigger in a contract whereby amounts become billable and payable in accordance with a negotiated predetermined billing schedule throughout the term of a project. these billing milestones are generally not performance-based (i.e., there is no potential additional consideration tied to specific deliverables or performance). in other cases, billing and payment terms are tied to the passage of time (e.g., monthly billings). in either case, the total contract value and aggregate amounts billed to the customer would be the same at the end of the project. while cdd attempts to negotiate terms that provide for billing and payment of services prior or within close proximity to the provision of services, this is not always possible, and there are fluctuations in the levels of unbilled services and unearned revenue from period to period. while a project is ongoing, cash payments are not necessarily representative of aggregate revenue earned at any particular point in time, as revenues are recognized when services are provided, while amounts billed and paid are in accordance with the negotiated billing and payment terms.
in some cases, payments received are in excess of revenue recognized. for example, a contract invoicing schedule may provide for an upfront payment of 10% of the full contract value upon contract signing, but at the time of signing performance of services has not yet begun. payments received in advance of services being provided are deferred as unearned revenue on the balance sheet. as the contracted services are subsequently performed and the associated revenue is recognized, the unearned revenue balance is reduced by the amount of revenue recognized during the period.
in other cases, services may be provided and revenue recognized before the customer is invoiced. in these cases, revenue recognized will exceed amounts billed, and the difference, representing an unbilled receivable, is recorded for the amount that is currently not billable to the customer pursuant to contractual terms. once the customer is invoiced, the unbilled services are reduced for the amount billed, and a corresponding account receivable is recorded. all unbilled services are billable to customers within one year from the respective balance sheet date.
most contracts are terminable with or without cause by the customer, either immediately or upon notice. these contracts often require payment to cdd of expenses to wind down the study or project, fees earned to date and, in some cases, a termination fee or a payment to cdd of some portion of the fees or profits that could have been earned by cdd under the contract if it had not been terminated early. termination fees are included in net revenues when realization is assured. in connection with the management of multi-site clinical trials, cdd pays on behalf of its customers fees to investigators, clinical trial subjects and certain out-of-pocket costs, for which it is reimbursed at cost, without markup or profit. investigator fees are not reflected in net revenues or expenses where cdd acts in the capacity of an agent on behalf of the biopharmaceutical company sponsor, passing through these costs without markup or profit. all other out-of-pocket costs are included in total revenues and expenses.
lcd has a formal process to estimate and review the collectability of its receivables based on the period of time they have been outstanding. bad debt expense is recorded within selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales considered necessary to maintain the allowance for doubtful accounts at an appropriate level. lcd's process for determining the appropriate level of the allowance for doubtful accounts involves judgment and considers such factors as the age of the underlying receivables, historical and projected collection experience, and other external factors that could affect the collectability of its receivables. accounts are written off against the allowance for doubtful accounts based on lcd's write-off policy (e.g., when they are deemed to be uncollectible). in the determination of the appropriate level of the allowance, accounts are progressively reserved based on the historical timing of cash collections relative to their respective aging categories within lcd's receivables. these collection and reserve processes, along with the close monitoring of the billing process, help reduce the risks of material revisions to reserve estimates resulting from adverse changes in collection or reimbursement experience.
the following table presents the percentage of lcd's net accounts receivable outstanding by aging category at december 31, 2017, and 2016:
61
index days outstanding    2017   2016
0 - 30   50.1%        49.1%
31 - 60   19.5%        17.3%
61 - 90    8.9%         9.2%
91 - 120    6.1%         7.5%
121 - 150    3.8%         4.2%
151 - 180    3.7%         3.9%
181 - 270    6.9%         7.4%
271 - 360    0.9%         1.3%
over 360    0.1%         0.1%
the above table excludes the percentage of net accounts receivable outstanding by aging category for certain foreign operations, beaconlbs, and the nutritional chemistry and food safety business. combined these net accounts receivable balances comprise less than 10.8% of lcd's total net accounts receivable balances. the company believes that including the agings of the accounts receivable for these businesses would not be representative of the majority of accounts receivable by aging category for lcd. the majority of the accounts receivable for the foreign operations, beaconlbs, and the nutritional chemistry and food safety business are generally paid within 30 to 60 days of billing.
cdd endeavors to assess and monitor the creditworthiness of its customers to which it grants credit terms in the ordinary course of business. cdd maintains a provision for doubtful accounts relating to amounts due that may not be collected. this bad debt provision is monitored on a monthly basis and adjusted as circumstances warrant. since the recorded bad debt provision is based upon management's judgment, actual bad debt write-offs may be greater or less than the amount recorded. historically, bad debt write-offs have not been material. the allowance for doubtful accounts amounted to $2.3 and $2.8 at december 31, 2017, and 2016, respectively.
pension expense the company has a defined-benefit retirement plan (company plan) and a non-qualified supplemental retirement plan (pep). in october 2009, the company received approval from its board of directors to freeze any additional service-based credits for any years of service after december 31, 2009, on the company plan and the pep. both plans have been closed to new participants. employees participating in the company plan and the pep no longer earn service-based credits, but continue to earn interest credits. in addition, effective january 1, 2010, all employees eligible for the defined-contribution retirement plan (401k plan) receive a minimum 3% non-elective contribution (nec) concurrent with each payroll period. the 401k plan also permits discretionary contributions by the company of up to 1% and up to 3% of pay for eligible employees, based on service.
the company plan covers substantially all employees employed by the company prior to december 31, 2009. the benefits to be paid under the company plan are based on years of credited service through december 31, 2009, interest credits and average compensation. the company's policy is to fund the company plan with at least the minimum amount required by applicable regulations. the pep covers a portion of the company's senior management group. prior to 2010, the pep provided for the payment of the difference, if any, between the amount of any maximum limitation on annual benefit payments under the employee retirement income security act of 1974 and the annual benefit that would be payable under the company plan but for such limitation. effective january 1, 2010, employees participating in the pep no longer earn service-based credits. the pep is an unfunded plan.
in addition, as a result of the covance acquisition, the company has a frozen non-qualified supplemental executive retirement plan (serp). the serp, which is not funded, is intended to provide retirement benefits for certain employees who were executive officers of covance prior to the covance acquisition. benefit amounts are based upon years of service and compensation of the participating employees. as a result of the covance acquisition, the company also sponsors two defined-benefit pension plans for the benefit of its employees at two u.k. subsidiaries (u.k. plans) and one defined-benefit pension plan for the benefit of its employees at a german subsidiary (german plan), all of which are legacy plans of previously acquired companies and are closed to new entrants. benefit amounts for all three plans are based upon years of service and compensation. the german plan is unfunded while the u.k. plans are funded. the company's funding policy for the u.k. plans has been to contribute annually amounts at least equal to the local statutory funding requirements.
the company's net pension cost is developed from actuarial valuations. inherent in these valuations are key assumptions, including discount rates and expected return on plan assets, which are updated on an annual basis at the beginning of each year. the company is required to consider current market conditions, including changes in interest rates, in making these assumptions. changes in pension costs may occur in the future due to changes in these assumptions. the key assumptions used in accounting for the defined-benefit retirement plans were a 3.7% discount rate and a 6.8% expected long-term rate of return on plan assets for the company plan, a 3.7% discount rate for the pep, a 4.2% discount rate for the serp, a 1.7% discount rate and a 2.0% expected salary increase for the german plan and a 2.7% discount rate and a 3.8% expected salary increase for the u.k. plans as of december 31, 2017.
62
index discount rate the company evaluates several approaches toward setting the discount rate assumption that is used to value the benefit obligations of its retirement plans. at year-end, priority was given to use of the towers watson bond:link model, which simulates the purchase of investment-grade corporate bonds at current market yields with principal amounts and maturity dates closely matching the company's projected cash disbursements from its plans. this completed model represents the yields to maturity at which the company could theoretically settle its plan obligations at year end. the weighted-average yield on the modeled bond portfolio is then used to form the discount rate assumption used for each retirement plan. a one percentage point decrease or increase in the discount rate would have resulted in a respective increase or decrease in 2017 retirement plan expense of $1.5 for the company plan and pep. a one percentage point decrease or increase in the discount rate would have resulted in a respective increase or decrease in 2017 retirement plan expense of $1.1 for the u.k. plans.
return on plan assets in establishing its expected return on plan assets assumption, the company reviews its asset allocation and develops return assumptions based on different asset classes adjusting for plan operating expenses. actual asset over/under performance compared to expected returns will respectively decrease/increase unrecognized loss. the change in the unrecognized loss will change amortization cost in upcoming periods. a one percentage point increase or decrease in the expected return on plan assets would have resulted in a corresponding change in 2017 pension expense of $2.4 for the company plan. a one percentage point increase or decrease in the expected return on plan assets would have resulted in a corresponding change in 2017 pension expense of $2.4 for the u.k. plans.
net pension cost for 2017 was $14.6 as compared with $14.9 in 2016 and $12.0 in 2015. the increase in pension expense was due to increases in the amount of net amortization and deferral as a result of lower discount rates. pension expense for the company plan and the pep is expected to increase to $13.3 in 2018 as a result of a lower assumed discount rate and changes in participant mortality tables. pension expense for the germany plan and the u.k. plans is expected to increase to $0.1 in 2018 as a result of changes in participant mortality tables.
further information on the company's defined-benefit retirement plans is provided in note 16 to the consolidated financial statements.
accruals for self-insurance reserves accruals for self-insurance reserves (including workers' compensation, auto and employee medical) are determined based on a number of assumptions and factors, including historical payment trends and claims history, actuarial assumptions and current and estimated future economic conditions. these estimated liabilities are not discounted.
the company is self-insured (up to certain limits) for professional liability claims arising in the normal course of business, generally related to the testing and reporting of laboratory test results. the company maintains excess insurance which limits the company's maximum exposure on individual claims. the company estimates a liability that represents the ultimate exposure for aggregate losses below those limits. the liability is based on assumptions and factors for known and incurred but not reported claims, including the frequency and payment trends of historical claims.
if actual trends differ from these estimates, the financial results could be impacted. historical trends have not differed materially from these estimates.
income taxes the company accounts for income taxes utilizing the asset and liability method. under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and for tax loss carryforwards. deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. the company does not recognize a tax benefit, unless the company concludes that it is more likely than not that the benefit will be sustained on audit by the taxing authority based solely on the technical merits of the associated tax position. if the recognition threshold is met, the company recognizes a tax benefit measured at the largest amount of the tax benefit that the company believes is greater than 50% likely to be realized. the company records interest and penalties in income tax expense.
during the fourth quarter of 2017, the company recorded the estimated impact of the tcja, which resulted in a favorable remeasurement of deferred taxes, partially offset by the deemed repatriation tax. given the significant changes resulting from the tcja, the estimated financial impact is provisional and subject to further clarification, which could result in changes to these estimates in 2018.
63
index goodwill and indefinite-lived assets the company assesses goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles for impairment at least annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. in accordance with updates to the fasb's authoritative guidance regarding goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment testing, an entity is allowed to first assess qualitative factors as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform quantitative impairment testing. if an entity determines that it is not more likely than not that the estimated fair value of an asset is less than its carrying value, then no further testing is required. otherwise, impairment testing must be performed in accordance with the original accounting standards. the updated fasb guidance also allows an entity to bypass the qualitative assessment for any reporting unit in its goodwill assessment and proceed directly to performing the quantitative assessment. similarly, a company can proceed directly to a quantitative assessment in the case of impairment testing for indefinite-lived intangible assets as well.
the quantitative goodwill impairment test includes the estimation of the fair value of each reporting unit as compared to the carrying value of the reporting unit. reporting units are businesses with discrete financial information that is available and reviewed by management. the company estimates the fair value of a reporting unit using both income-based and market-based valuation methods. the income-based approach is based on the reporting unit's forecasted future cash flows that are discounted to the present value using the reporting unit's weighted average cost of capital. for the market-based approach, the company utilizes a number of factors such as publicly available information regarding the market capitalization of the company as well as operating results, business plans, market multiples, and present value techniques. based upon the range of estimated values developed from the income and market-based methods, the company determines the estimated fair value for the reporting unit. if the estimated fair value of the reporting unit exceeds the carrying value, the goodwill is not impaired and no further review is required. an entity should recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit's fair value; however, the loss recognized should not exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit.
the income-based fair value methodology requires management's assumptions and judgments regarding economic conditions in the markets in which the company operates and conditions in the capital markets, many of which are outside of management's control. at the reporting unit level, fair value estimation requires management's assumptions and judgments regarding the effects of overall economic conditions on the specific reporting unit, along with assessment of the reporting unit's strategies and forecasts of future cash flows. forecasts of individual reporting unit cash flows involve management's estimates and assumptions regarding:
•   annual cash flows, on a debt-free basis, arising from future revenues and profitability, changes in working capital, capital spending and income taxes for at least a five-year forecast period.
•   a terminal growth rate for years beyond the forecast period. the terminal growth rate is selected based on consideration of growth rates used in the forecast period, historical performance of the reporting unit and economic conditions.
•   a discount rate that reflects the risks inherent in realizing the forecasted cash flows. a discount rate considers the risk-free rate of return on long-term treasury securities, the risk premium associated with investing in equity securities of comparable companies, the beta obtained from the comparable companies and the cost of debt for investment grade issuers. in addition, the discount rate may consider any company-specific risk in achieving the prospective financial information.
under the market-based fair value methodology, judgment is required in evaluating market multiples and recent transactions. management believes that the assumptions used for its impairment tests are representative of those that would be used by market participants performing similar valuations of the reporting units.
management performed its annual goodwill and intangible asset impairment testing as of the beginning of the fourth quarter of 2017. the company elected to perform the qualitative assessment for goodwill and intangible assets for all reporting units except the canadian reporting unit and its indefinite-lived assets consisting of acquired canadian licenses for which a quantitative assessment was performed.
in the qualitative assessment, the company considered relevant events and circumstances for each reporting unit, including (i) current year results, ii) financial performance versus management's annual and five-year strategic plans, iii) changes in the reporting unit carrying value since prior year, (iv) industry and market conditions in which the reporting unit operates, (v) macroeconomic conditions, including discount rate changes, and (vi) changes in products or services offered by the reporting unit. if applicable, performance in recent years was compared to forecasts included in prior valuations. based on the results of the qualitative assessment, the company concluded that it was not more likely than not that the carrying values of the goodwill and intangible assets were greater than their fair values, and that further quantitative testing was not necessary.
64
index in 2017, the company utilized an income approach to determine the fair value of its canadian reporting unit and its indefinite-lived assets consisting of acquired canadian licenses. based upon the results of the quantitative assessment, the company concluded that the fair value of the indefinite-lived canadian licenses was greater than the carrying value.
it is possible that the company's conclusions regarding impairment or recoverability of goodwill or intangible assets in any reporting unit could change in future periods. there can be no assurance that the estimates and assumptions used in the company's goodwill and intangible asset impairment testing performed as of the beginning of the fourth quarter of 2017 will prove to be accurate predictions of the future, if, for example, (i) the businesses do not perform as projected, (ii) overall economic conditions in 2018 or future years vary from current assumptions (including changes in discount rates), (iii) business conditions or strategies for a specific reporting unit change from current assumptions, including loss of major customers, (iv) investors require higher rates of return on equity investments in the marketplace or (v) enterprise values of comparable publicly traded companies, or actual sales transactions of comparable companies, were to decline, resulting in lower multiples of revenues and ebitda. the company will particularly monitor the financial performance of and assumptions for two of the cdd reporting units for which an income approach was performed in 2017. a future impairment charge for goodwill or intangible assets could have a material effect on the company's consolidated financial position and results of operations.
65
index forward-looking statements the company has made in this report, and from time to time may otherwise make in its public filings, press releases and discussions by company management, forward-looking statements concerning the company's operations, performance and financial condition, as well as its strategic objectives. some of these forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words such as "believes", "expects", "may", "will", "should", "seeks", "approximately", "intends", "plans", "estimates", or "anticipates" or the negative of those words or other comparable terminology. such forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties and the company claims the protection afforded by the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. actual results could differ materially from those currently anticipated due to a number of factors in addition to those discussed elsewhere herein, including in item 1a risk factors, and in the company's other public filings, press releases and discussion with company management, including:
1.   changes in government and third-party payer regulations, reimbursement, or coverage policies or other future reforms in the healthcare system (or in the interpretation of current regulations), new insurance or payment systems, including state, regional or private insurance cooperatives (e.g., health insurance exchanges), affecting governmental and third-party coverage or reimbursement for commercial laboratory testing, including the impact of the protecting access to medicare act of 2014 (pama);
2.   significant monetary damages, fines, penalties, assessments, refunds, repayments, unanticipated compliance expenditures and/or exclusion or disbarment from or ineligibility to participate in government programs, among other adverse consequences, arising from enforcement of anti-fraud and abuse laws and other laws applicable to the company in jurisdictions in which the company conducts business;
3.   significant fines, penalties, costs, unanticipated compliance expenditures and/or damage to the company's reputation arising from the failure to comply with national, state or local privacy and security laws and regulations, including the health insurance portability and accountability act of 1996, the health information technology for economic and clinical health act, the european union's general data protection regulation and similar laws and regulations in jurisdictions in which the company conducts business;
4.   loss or suspension of a license or imposition of a fine or penalties under, or future changes in, or interpretations of applicable national, state or local licensing laws or regulations regarding the operation of clinical laboratories and the delivery of clinical laboratory test results, including, but not limited to, the u.s. clinical laboratory improvement act of 1967 and the clinical laboratory improvement amendments of 1988 and similar laws and regulations in jurisdictions in which the company conducts business;
5.   penalties or loss of license arising from the failure to comply with applicable national, state or local occupational and workplace safety laws and regulations, including the u.s. occupational safety and health administration requirements and the u.s. needlestick safety and prevention act and similar laws and regulations in jurisdictions in which the company conducts business;
6.   fines, unanticipated compliance expenditures, suspension of manufacturing, enforcement actions, injunctions, or criminal prosecution arising from failure to maintain compliance with current good manufacturing practice regulations and similar requirements of various regulatory agencies in jurisdictions in which the company conducts business;
7.   sanctions or other remedies, including fines, unanticipated compliance expenditures, enforcement actions, injunctions or criminal prosecution arising from failure to comply with the animal welfare act or similar national, state and local laws and regulations in jurisdictions in which the company conducts business;
8.   changes in testing guidelines or recommendations by government agencies, medical specialty societies and other authoritative bodies affecting the utilization of laboratory tests;
9.   changes in national, state or local government regulations or policies affecting the approval, availability of, and the selling and marketing of diagnostic tests, drug development, or the conduct of drug development and medical device and diagnostic studies and trials, including regulations and policies of the u.s. food and drug administration, the u.s. department of agriculture, the medicine and healthcare products regulatory agency in the u.k., the china food and drug administration, the pharmaceutical and medical devices agency in japan, the european medicines agency and similar regulations and policies of agencies in jurisdictions in which the company conducts business;
10.   changes in government regulations or reimbursement pertaining to the biopharmaceutical and medical device and diagnostic industries, changes in reimbursement of biopharmaceutical products or reduced spending on research and development by biopharmaceutical customers;
11.   liabilities that result from the failure to comply with corporate governance requirements;
66
index
12.   increased competition, including price competition, potential reduction in rates in response to price transparency and consumerism, competitive bidding and/or changes or reductions to fee schedules and competition from companies that do not comply with existing laws or regulations or otherwise disregard compliance standards in the industry;
13.   changes in payer mix or payment structure, including insurance carrier participation in health insurance exchanges, an increase in capitated reimbursement mechanisms, the impact of a shift to consumer-driven health plans or plans carrying an increased level of member cost-sharing, and adverse changes in payer reimbursement or payer coverage policies (implemented directly or through a third party utilization management organization) related to specific diagnostic tests, categories of testing or testing methodologies;
14.   failure to retain or attract managed care organization (mco) business as a result of changes in business models, including new risk based or network approaches, out-sourced laboratory network management or utilization management companies, or other changes in strategy or business models by mcos;
15.   failure to obtain and retain new customers, an unfavorable change in the mix of testing services ordered, or a reduction in tests ordered, specimens submitted or services requested by existing customers;
16.   difficulty in maintaining relationships with customers or retaining key employees as a result of uncertainty surrounding the integration of acquisitions and the resulting negative effects on the business of the company;
17.   consolidation and convergence of mcos, biopharmaceutical companies, health systems, large physician organizations and other customers, potentially causing material shifts in insourcing, utilization, pricing and reimbursements, including full and partial risk based models;
18.   failure to effectively develop and deploy new systems, system modifications or enhancements required in response to evolving market and business needs;
19.   customers choosing to insource services that are or could be purchased from the company;
20.   failure to identify, successfully close and effectively integrate and/or manage acquisitions of new businesses;
21.   inability to achieve the expected benefits and synergies of newly acquired businesses, and impact on the company's cash position, levels of indebtedness and stock price;
22.   termination, loss, delay, reduction in scope or increased costs of contracts, including large contracts and multiple contracts;
23.   liability arising from errors or omissions in the performance of contract research services or other contractual arrangements;
24.   failure to successfully obtain, maintain and enforce intellectual property rights and defend against challenges to the company's intellectual property rights;
25.   changes or disruption in services or supplies provided by third parties, including transportation;
26.   damage or disruption to the company's facilities;
27.   damage to the company's reputation, loss of business, or other harm from acts of animal rights extremists or potential harm and/or liability arising from animal research activities or the provision of animal research products;
28.   adverse results in litigation matters;
29.   inability to attract and retain experienced and qualified personnel;
30.   failure to develop or acquire licenses for new or improved technologies, such as point-of-care testing, mobile health technologies, and digital pathology, or potential use of new technologies by customers and/or consumers to perform their own tests;
31.   substantial costs arising from the inability to commercialize newly licensed tests or technologies or to obtain appropriate coverage or reimbursement for such tests;
32.   inability to obtain and maintain adequate patent and other proprietary rights for protection of the company's products and services and successfully enforce the company's proprietary rights;
33.   scope, validity and enforceability of patents and other proprietary rights held by third parties that may impact the company's ability to develop, perform, or market the company's products or services or operate its business;
34.   business interruption or other impact on the business due to adverse weather, fires and/or other natural disasters, acts of war, terrorism or other criminal acts, and/or widespread outbreak of influenza or other pandemic illness;
35.   discontinuation or recalls of existing testing products;
67
index
36.   a failure in the company's information technology systems, including with respect to testing turnaround time and billing processes, or the failure to maintain the security of business information or systems or to protect against cyber security attacks such as denial of service attacks, malware, ransomware and computer viruses, or delays or failures in the development and implementation of the company's automation platforms, any of which could result in a negative effect on the company's performance of services, a loss of business or increased costs, damages to the company's reputation, significant litigation exposure, an inability to meet required financial reporting deadlines, or the failure to meet future regulatory or customer information technology, data security and connectivity requirements;
37.   business interruption, increased costs, and other adverse effects on the company's operations due to the unionization of employees, union strikes, work stoppages, general labor unrest or failure to comply with labor or employment laws;
38.   failure to maintain the company's days sales outstanding and/or bad debt expense levels including a negative impact on the company's reimbursement, cash collections and profitability arising from unfavorable changes in third-party payer policies, payment delays introduced by third party benefit management organizations and increasing levels of patient payment responsibility;
39.   impact on the company's revenue, cash collections and the availability of credit for general liquidity or other financing needs arising from a significant deterioration in the economy or financial markets or in the company's credit ratings by standard &amp; poor's and/or moody's;
40.   failure to maintain the expected capital structure for the company, including failure to maintain the company's investment grade rating;
41.   changes in reimbursement by foreign governments and foreign currency fluctuations;
42.   inability to obtain certain billing information from physicians, resulting in increased costs and complexity, a temporary disruption in receipts and ongoing reductions in reimbursements and net revenues;
43.   expenses and risks associated with international operations, including, but not limited to, compliance with the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, the u.k. bribery act, other global anti-corruption laws and regulations, trade sanction laws and regulations, and economic, political, legal and other operational risks associated with foreign jurisdictions;
44.   failure to achieve expected efficiencies and savings in connection with the company's business process improvement initiatives;
45.   changes in tax laws and regulations or changes in their interpretation, including the tcja; and
46.   global economic conditions and government and regulatory changes, including, but not limited to the united kingdom's announced intention to exit from the european union.
