item 1a. risk factors our operating results and financial condition have been and could continue to be adversely affected by the economic and political conditions in the u.s. and elsewhere.
changes in economic and political conditions in the u.s., europe and other countries in which we are located or do business could have a material effect on our company. changes in such conditions have, in some periods, resulted in fewer miles driven, fewer accident claims, and a reduction of vehicle repairs, all of which could negatively affect our business. the number and types of new vehicles produced and sold by manufacturers affects our business. a decrease in the number of vehicles on the road results in a decrease in repairs.
our sales are also impacted by changes to the economic health of vehicle owners. the economic health of vehicle owners is affected by many factors, including, among others, general business conditions, interest rates, inflation, consumer debt levels, the availability of consumer credit, taxation, fuel prices, unemployment trends and other matters that influence consumer confidence and spending.  many of these factors are outside of our control. if any of these conditions worsen, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected.
in addition, economic conditions, including decreased access to credit, may result in financial difficulties leading to restructurings, bankruptcies, liquidations and other unfavorable events for our customers, suppliers, logistics and other service providers and financial institutions that are counterparties to our credit facilities and hedge transactions. these unfavorable events affecting our business partners could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we have a substantial business presence in europe, including a significant presence in the united kingdom. in june 2016, voters in the united kingdom decided by referendum to withdraw from the european union. the precise timing and impacts of this action on our businesses in the united kingdom and other parts of europe are unknown at this time. since the vote, we have seen fluctuations in exchange rates leading to pricing pressures and unfavorable translation effects on our sterling denominated earnings. as the details of the united kingdom's withdrawal from the european union are negotiated and implemented, our european businesses could be adversely affected as a result of further fluctuations in exchange rates, disruptions to access to markets by united kingdom companies, interruptions of the movement of goods and services between countries, a decrease of economic activity in europe, and political or social unrest.
we face intense competition from local, national, international, and internet-based vehicle products providers, and this competition could negatively affect our business.
the vehicle replacement products industry is highly competitive and is served by numerous suppliers of oem, recycled, aftermarket, refurbished and remanufactured products. within each of these categories of suppliers, there are local owner-operated companies, larger regional suppliers, national and international providers, and internet-based suppliers and distributors. providers of vehicle replacement products that have traditionally sold only certain categories of such products may decide to expand their product offerings into other categories of vehicle replacement products, which may further increase competition. some of our current and potential competitors may have more operational expertise; greater financial, technical, manufacturing, distribution, and other resources; longer operating histories; lower cost structures; and better relationships in the insurance and vehicle repair industries or with consumers, than we do.
in certain regions of the u.s., local vehicle recycling companies have formed cooperative efforts to compete in the wholesale recycled products industry. similarly, in europe, some local companies are part of cooperative efforts to compete in the aftermarket parts industry. as a result of these factors, our competitors may be able to provide products that we are unable to supply, provide their products at lower costs, or supply products to customers that we are unable to serve.
11
we believe that a majority of collision parts by dollar amount are supplied by oems, with the balance being supplied by distributors of alternative aftermarket, recycled, refurbished and remanufactured collision parts like us. the oems are therefore able to exert pricing pressure in the marketplace. we compete with the oems primarily on price and to a lesser extent on service and quality. from time to time, the oems have implemented programs seeking to increase their market share in the collision repair parts industry. for example, they have reduced prices on specific products to match the lower prices of alternative products and introduced other rebate programs that may disrupt our sales. the growth of these programs or the introduction of new ones could have a material adverse impact on our business.
in addition, vehicles are being equipped with systems that transmit data to the oems wirelessly regarding, among other items, accident incidents, maintenance requirements, location of the vehicle, identification of the closest dealership, and other statistics about the vehicle and its driving history. to the extent that this data is not shared with alternative suppliers, the oems will have an advantage with respect to such matters as contacting the vehicle driver, recommending repairs and maintenance, and directing the vehicle owner to an affiliated dealership.
we rely upon our customers and insurance companies to promote the usage of alternative parts.
our success depends, in part, on the acceptance and promotion of alternative collision parts usage by automotive insurance companies. there can be no assurance that current levels of alternative parts usage will be maintained or will increase in the future.
we also rely on business relationships with insurance companies. these insurance companies encourage vehicle repair facilities to use products we provide. the business relationships include in some cases participation in aftermarket quality and service assurance programs that may result in a higher usage of our aftermarket products than would be the case without the programs. our arrangements with these companies may be terminated by them at any time, including in connection with their own business concerns relating to the offering, availability, standards or operations of the aftermarket quality and service assurance programs. we rely on these relationships for sales to some collision repair shops, and a termination of these relationships may result in a loss of sales, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
in an illinois lawsuit involving state farm mutual automobile insurance company ("avery v. state farm"), a jury decided in october 1999 that state farm breached certain insurance contracts with its policyholders by using non-oem replacement products to repair damaged vehicles when use of such products did not restore the vehicle to its "pre-loss condition." the jury found that state farm misled its customers by not disclosing the use of non-oem replacement products and the alleged inferiority of those products. the jury assessed damages against state farm of $456 million, and the judge assessed an additional $730 million of disgorgement and punitive damages for violations of the illinois consumer fraud act. in april 2001, the illinois appellate court upheld the verdict but reduced the damage award by $130 million because of duplicative damage awards. on august 18, 2005, the illinois supreme court reversed the awards made by the circuit court and found, among other things, that the plaintiffs had failed to establish any breach of contract by state farm. the u.s. supreme court declined to hear an appeal of this case. as a result of this case, some insurance companies reduced or eliminated their use of aftermarket products. our financial results could be adversely affected if insurance companies modified or terminated the arrangements pursuant to which repair shops buy aftermarket or recycled products from us due to a fear of similar claims.
in addition, to the extent that the collision repair industry continues to consolidate, the buying power of collision repair shop customers may further increase, putting additional pressure on our financial returns.
we may not be able to successfully acquire new businesses or integrate acquisitions, which could cause our business to suffer.
we may not be able to successfully complete potential strategic acquisitions if we cannot reach agreement on acceptable terms, if we do not obtain required antitrust or other regulatory approvals, or for other reasons. moreover, we may not be able to identify a sufficient number of acquisition candidates at reasonable prices to maintain our growth objectives. also, over time, we will likely seek to make acquisitions that are relatively larger. larger acquisition candidates may attract additional competitive buyers, which could increase our cost or could cause us to lose such acquisitions.
if we buy a company or a division of a company, we may experience difficulty integrating that company's or division's personnel and operations, which could negatively affect our operating results. in addition:
•   the key personnel of the acquired company may decide not to work for us;
•   customers of the acquired company may decide not to purchase products from us;
•   suppliers of the acquired company may decide not to sell products to us;
•   we may experience business disruptions as a result of information technology systems conversions;
•   we may experience additional financial and accounting challenges and complexities in areas such as tax planning, treasury management, and financial reporting;
12
•   we may be held liable for environmental, tax or other risks and liabilities as a result of our acquisitions, some of which we may not have discovered during our due diligence;
•   we may intentionally assume the liabilities of the companies we acquire, which could result in material adverse effects on our business;
•   our existing business may be disrupted or receive insufficient management attention;
•   we may not be able to realize the cost savings or other financial benefits we anticipated, either in the amount or in the time frame that we expect; and
•   we may incur debt or issue equity securities to pay for any future acquisition, the issuance of which could involve the imposition of restrictive covenants or be dilutive to our existing stockholders.
claims by oems relating to aftermarket products could adversely affect our business.
oems and other manufacturers have attempted to use claims of intellectual property infringement against manufacturers and distributors of aftermarket products to restrict or eliminate the sale of aftermarket products that are the subject of the claims. the oems have brought such claims in federal court and with the u.s. international trade commission.
to the extent oems and other manufacturers are seeking and obtaining more design patents than they have in the past and are successful in asserting infringement of these patents and defending their validity, we could be restricted or prohibited from selling certain aftermarket products, which could have an adverse effect on our business. we will likely incur significant expenses investigating and defending intellectual property infringement claims. in addition, aftermarket products certifying organizations may revoke the certification of parts that are the subject of the claims. lack of certification may negatively impact us because many major insurance companies recommend or require the use of aftermarket products only if they have been certified by an independent certifying organization.
in december 2005 and may 2008, ford global technologies, llc filed complaints with the international trade commission against us and others alleging that certain aftermarket products imported into the u.s. infringed on ford design patents. the parties settled these matters in april 2009 pursuant to a patent license arrangement that is currently scheduled to expire in march 2020. in january 2014, chrysler group, llc filed a complaint against us in the u.s. district court in the eastern district of michigan contending that certain aftermarket parts we sell infringe chrysler design patents. the parties settled this matter in june 2014 pursuant to a patent license arrangement that expires in june 2019. in the event that these license arrangements, or other similar license arrangements with oems, are terminated or we are unable to agree upon renewal terms, we may be subject to costs and uncertainties of litigation as well as restrictions on our ability to sell aftermarket parts that replicate parts covered by design patents.
if the number of vehicles involved in accidents declines or the number of cars being repaired declines, or the mix of the types of vehicles in the overall vehicle population changes, our business could suffer.
our business depends on vehicle accidents, mechanical failures and routine maintenance for both the demand for repairs using our products and the supply of recycled, remanufactured and refurbished parts. to the extent that a relatively higher percentage of damaged vehicles are declared total losses, there will be less demand for our products to repair such vehicles. in addition, our business is impacted by factors which influence the number and/or severity of accidents and mechanical failures including, but not limited to, the number of vehicles on the road, the number of miles driven, the ages of drivers, the occurrence and severity of certain weather conditions, the congestion of traffic, drivers distracted by electronic equipment, the use of alcohol or drugs by drivers, the usage rate and effectiveness of accident avoidance systems in new vehicles, the reliability of new oem parts, and the condition of roadways. for example, an increase in the acceptance of ride-sharing could reduce the number of vehicles on the road. additionally, an increase in fuel prices may cause the number of vehicles on the road, the number of miles driven, and the need for mechanical repairs and maintenance to decline, as motorists seek alternative transportation options. mild weather conditions, particularly during winter months, tend to result in a decrease in vehicle accidents. moreover, a number of states and municipalities have adopted, or are considering adopting, legislation banning the use of handheld cellular telephones or other electronic devices while driving, and such restrictions could lead to a decline in accidents.
systems designed to minimize accident frequency and severity are becoming more prevalent and more technologically sophisticated. to the extent oems install or are mandated by law to install accident avoidance systems in their vehicles, the number and severity of accidents could decrease, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
the average number of new vehicles sold annually has fluctuated from year-to-year.  periods of decreased sales could result in a reduction in the number of vehicles on the road and consequently fewer vehicles involved in accidents or in need of mechanical repair or maintenance. substantial further declines in automotive sales in the future could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and/or financial condition. in addition, if vehicle population trends result in a disproportionately high number of older vehicles on the road, insurance companies may find it uneconomical to repair such
13
vehicles or there could be less costly repairs. if vehicle population trends result in a disproportionately high number of newer vehicles on the road, the demand generally for mechanical repairs and maintenance would likely decline due to the newer, longer-lasting parts in the vehicle population and mechanical failures being covered by oem warranties for the first years of a vehicle's life. moreover, alternative collision and mechanical parts are less likely to be used on newer vehicles.
electric vehicles do not have traditional engines, transmissions, and certain related parts. engines and transmissions represent our largest revenue generating skus in north america, and parts for engines and transmissions represent a significant amount of the revenue of our european operations. thus, an increase in electric vehicles as a percentage of vehicles sold will have a negative impact on our sales of engines, transmissions, and other related parts.
fluctuations in the prices of metals and other commodities could adversely affect our financial results.
our recycling operations generate scrap metal and other metals that we sell. after we dismantle a salvage vehicle for wholesale parts and after vehicles have been processed in our self service retail business, the remaining vehicle hulks are sold to scrap processors and other remaining metals are sold to processors and brokers of metals. in addition, we receive "crush only" vehicles from other companies, including oems, which we dismantle and which generate scrap metal and other metals. the prices of scrap and other metals have historically fluctuated, sometimes significantly, due to market factors. in addition, buyers may stop purchasing metals entirely due to excess supply. to the extent that the prices of metals decrease materially or buyers stop purchasing metals, our revenue from such sales will suffer and a write-down of our inventory value could be required.
the cost of our wholesale recycled and our self service retail inventory purchases will change as a result of fluctuating scrap metal and other metals prices. in a period of falling metal prices, there can be no assurance that our inventory purchasing cost will decrease the same amount or at the same rate as the scrap metal and other metals prices decline, and there may be a delay between the scrap metal and other metals price reductions and any inventory cost reductions. the prices of steel, aluminum, and plastics are components of the cost to manufacture products for our aftermarket business. if the prices of commodities rise and result in higher costs to us for products we sell, we may not be able to pass these higher costs on to our customers.
existing or new laws and regulations may prohibit, restrict or burden the sale of aftermarket, recycled, refurbished or remanufactured products.
most states have passed laws that prohibit or limit the use of aftermarket products in collision repair work. these laws include requirements relating to consumer disclosure, vehicle owner's consent regarding the use of aftermarket products in the repair process, and the requirement to have aftermarket products certified by an independent testing organization. additional legislation of this kind may be introduced in the future. if additional laws prohibiting or restricting the use of aftermarket products are passed, it could have an adverse impact on our aftermarket products business.
certain organizations test the quality and safety of vehicle replacement products. if these organizations decide not to test a particular vehicle product, or in the event that such organizations decide that a particular vehicle product does not meet applicable quality or safety standards, we may decide to discontinue sales of such product or insurance companies may decide to discontinue authorization of repairs using such product. such events could adversely affect our business.
some jurisdictions have enacted laws prohibiting or severely restricting the sale of certain recycled products that we provide, such as airbags. these and other jurisdictions could enact similar laws or could prohibit or severely restrict the sale of additional recycled products. the passage of legislation with prohibitions or restrictions that are more severe than current laws could have a material adverse impact on our business. additionally, congress could enact federal legislation restricting the use of aftermarket or recycled automotive products used in the course of vehicle repairs.
the federal trade commission has issued guides which regulate the use of certain terms such as "rebuilt" or "remanufactured" in connection with the sale of automotive parts. restrictions on the products we are able to sell and on the marketing of such products could decrease our revenue and have an adverse effect on our business and operations.
in 1992, congress enacted the anti-car theft act to deter trafficking in stolen vehicles. the purpose of the law is to implement an electronic system to track and monitor vehicle identification numbers and major automotive parts. in january 2009, the u.s. department of justice implemented the portion of the system to track and monitor vehicle identification numbers. the portion of the system that would track and monitor major automotive parts would require various entities, including automotive parts recyclers like us, to inspect salvage vehicles for the purpose of collecting the part number for any "covered major part." the department of justice has not promulgated rules on this portion of the system, and therefore there has been no progress on the implementation of the system to track and monitor major automotive parts. however, if this system is fully implemented, the requirement to collect the information would place substantial burdens on vehicle recyclers, including us, that otherwise would not normally exist. it would place similar burdens on repair shops, which may discourage the use by such shops of recycled products. there is no pending initiative to implement the parts registration from a law enforcement point of view. however, there is a risk that a heightened legislative concern over safety of parts might precipitate an effort to push for the implementation of such rules.
14
an adverse change in our relationships with our suppliers or a disruption to our supply of inventory could increase our expenses and impede our ability to serve our customers.
our north american business is dependent on a relatively small number of suppliers of aftermarket products, a large portion of which are sourced from taiwan. our european business also acquires product from asian sources. we incur substantial freight costs to import parts from our suppliers, many of which are located in asia. if the cost of freight rose, we might not be able to pass the cost increases on to our customers. furthermore, although alternative suppliers exist for substantially all aftermarket products distributed by us, the loss of any one supplier could have a material adverse effect on us until alternative suppliers are located and have commenced providing products. in addition, we are subject to disruptions from work stoppages and other labor disputes at port facilities through which we import our inventory. we also have the risk that our suppliers could attempt to circumvent us and sell their product directly to our customers.
moreover, our operations are subject to the customary risks of doing business abroad, including, among other things, natural disasters, transportation costs and delays, political instability, currency fluctuations and the imposition of tariffs, import and export controls and other non-tariff barriers (including changes in the allocation of quotas), as well as the uncertainty regarding future relations between china, japan and taiwan. the current u.s. administration has discussed the implementation of a tariff on imports into the u.s., the imposition of which would likely have a negative impact on our business due to the amount of inventory we import.
because a substantial volume of our sales involves products manufactured from sheet metal, we can be adversely impacted if sheet metal becomes unavailable or is only available at higher prices, which we may not be able to pass on to our customers. additionally, as oems convert to raw materials other than steel, it may be more difficult or expensive to source aftermarket parts made with such materials and it may be more difficult for repair shops to work with such materials in the repair process.
most of our salvage and a portion of our self service inventory is obtained from vehicles offered at salvage auctions operated by several companies that own auction facilities in numerous locations across the u.s. we do not typically have contracts with the auction companies. according to industry analysts, a small number of companies control a large percentage of the salvage auction market in the u.s. if an auction company prohibited us from participating in its auctions, began competing with us, or significantly raised its fees, our business could be adversely affected through higher costs or the resulting potential inability to service our customers. moreover, we face competition in the purchase of vehicles from direct competitors, rebuilders, exporters and other bidders. to the extent that the number of bidders increases, it may have the effect of increasing our cost of goods sold for wholesale recycled products. some states regulate bidders to help ensure that salvage vehicles are purchased for legal purposes by qualified buyers. auction companies have been actively seeking to reduce, circumvent or eliminate these regulations, which would further increase the number of bidders.
in addition, there is a limited supply of salvage vehicles in the u.s. as we grow and our demand for salvage vehicles increases, the costs of these incremental vehicles could be higher. in some states, when a vehicle is deemed a total loss, a salvage title is issued. whether states issue salvage titles is important to the supply of inventory for the vehicle recycling industry because an increase in vehicles that qualify as salvage vehicles provides greater availability and typically lowers the price of such vehicles. currently, these titling issues are a matter of state law. in 1992, the u.s. congress commissioned an advisory committee to study problems relating to vehicle titling, registration, and salvage. since then, legislation has been introduced seeking to establish national uniform requirements in this area, including a uniform definition of a salvage vehicle. the vehicle recycling industry will generally favor a uniform definition, since it will avoid inconsistencies across state lines, and will generally favor a definition that expands the number of damaged vehicles that qualify as salvage. however, certain interest groups, including repair shops and some insurance associations, may oppose this type of legislation. national legislation has not yet been enacted in this area, and there can be no assurance that such legislation will be enacted in the future.
we also acquire inventory directly from insurance companies, oems, and others. to the extent that these suppliers decide to discontinue these arrangements, our business could be adversely affected through higher costs or the resulting potential inability to service our customers.
in europe, we acquire product from a wide variety of suppliers. as vehicle technology changes, some parts will become more complex and the design or technology of those parts may be covered by patents or other rights that make it difficult for aftermarket suppliers to produce for sale to companies such as ours. the complexity of the parts may include software or other technical aspects that make it difficult to identify what is wrong with the vehicle. more complex parts may be difficult to repair and may require expensive or difficult to obtain software updates, limiting our ability to compete with the oems.
our annual and quarterly performance may fluctuate.
our revenue, cost of goods sold, and operating results have fluctuated on a quarterly and annual basis in the past and can be expected to continue to fluctuate in the future as a result of a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control.
15
future factors that may affect our operating results include, but are not limited to, those listed in the special note on forward-looking statements in this annual report on form 10-k. accordingly, our results of operations may not be indicative of future performance. these fluctuations in our operating results may cause our results to fall below our published financial guidance and the expectations of public markets, which could cause our stock price or the value of our debt instruments to decline.
if we lose our key management personnel, we may not be able to successfully manage our business or achieve our objectives.
our future success depends in large part upon the leadership and performance of our executive management team and key employees at the operating level. if we lose the services of one or more of our executive officers or key employees, or if one or more of them decides to join a competitor or otherwise compete directly or indirectly with us, we may not be able to successfully manage our business or achieve our business objectives. if we lose the services of any of our key employees at the operating or regional level, we may not be able to replace them with similarly qualified personnel, which could harm our business.
we operate in foreign jurisdictions, which exposes us to foreign exchange and other risks.
we have operations in north america, europe and taiwan, and we may expand our operations in the countries in which we do business and into other countries. our foreign operations expose us to additional risks associated with international business, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and/or financial condition, including import and export requirements and compliance with anti-corruption laws, such as the u.k. bribery act 2010 and the foreign corrupt practices act. we also incur costs in currencies other than our functional currencies in some of the countries in which we operate. we are thus subject to foreign exchange exposure to the extent that we operate in different currencies, as well as exposure to foreign tax and other foreign and domestic laws. in addition, certain countries in which we operate have a higher level of political instability and criminal activity relative to the u.s. that could affect our operations and the ability to maintain our supply of products.
if we determine that our goodwill or other intangible assets have become impaired, we may incur significant charges to our pre-tax income.
goodwill represents the excess of cost over the fair market value of net assets acquired in business combinations. in the future, goodwill and intangible assets may increase as a result of acquisitions. goodwill is reviewed at least annually for impairment. impairment may result from, among other things, deterioration in the performance of acquired businesses, increases in our cost of capital, adverse market conditions, and adverse changes in applicable laws or regulations, including modifications that restrict the activities of the acquired business. as of december 31, 2017, our total goodwill subject to future impairment testing was $3.5 billion. for further discussion of our annual impairment test, see "goodwill impairment" in the critical accounting policies and estimates section of item 7 in this annual report on form 10-k.
except for indefinite-lived intangibles, we amortize other intangible assets over the assigned useful lives, each of which is based upon the expected period to be benefited. we review indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually or sooner if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. we review finite-lived intangible assets for possible impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. in the event conditions change that affect our ability to realize the underlying cash flows associated with our intangible assets, we may record an impairment charge. as of december 31, 2017, the value of our other intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization, was $744 million.
our business may be adversely affected by union activities and labor and employment laws.
certain of our employees are represented by labor unions and other employee representative bodies and work under collective bargaining or similar agreements, which are subject to periodic renegotiation. from time to time, there have been efforts to organize additional portions of our workforce and those efforts can be expected to continue. in addition, legislators and government agencies could adopt new regulations or interpret existing regulations that could make it significantly easier for unionization efforts to be successful. also, we may in the future be subject to strikes or work stoppages, union and works council campaigns, and other labor disruptions and disputes. additional unionization efforts, new collective bargaining or similar agreements, and work stoppages could materially increase our costs and reduce revenue and could limit our flexibility in terms of work schedules, reductions in force and other operational matters.
we also are subject to laws and regulations that govern such matters as minimum wage, overtime and other working conditions. some of these laws are technical in nature and could be subject to interpretation by government agencies and courts different than our interpretations. efforts to comply with existing laws, changes to such laws and newly-enacted laws may increase our labor costs and limit our flexibility. if we were found not to be in compliance with such laws, we could be subject to fines, penalties and liabilities to our employees or government agencies. in addition, efforts to better protect local markets from foreign workers and decisions of countries to withdraw from treaties and joint economic areas may lead to increased
16
restrictions on the free movement of people and labor and may limit our ability to place key personnel where it could best serve our needs.
we rely on information technology and communication systems in critical areas of our operations and a disruption relating to such technology could harm our business.
in the ordinary course of business, we rely upon information technology networks and systems, some of which are leased from third parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information and to manage and support a variety of business processes and activities. the secure operation of these information technology networks and the processing and maintenance of this information is critical to our business operations and strategy. despite security measures and business continuity plans, our information technology networks and infrastructure may be vulnerable to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to attacks by cyber criminals, breaches due to employee error or malfeasance, disruptions during the process of upgrading or replacing computer software or hardware, terminations of business relationships by third party service providers, power outages, computer viruses, telecommunication or utility failures, terrorist acts, natural disasters or other catastrophic events. the occurrence of any of these events could compromise our networks, and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. any such access, disclosure or loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, disruption to our operations and damage to our reputation, any of which could adversely affect our business. in addition, as security threats continue to evolve, we may need to invest additional resources to protect the security of our systems.
in the event that we decide to switch providers or to implement upgrades or replacements to our own systems, we may be unsuccessful in the development of our own systems or we may underestimate the costs and expenses of switching providers or developing and implementing our own systems. also, our revenue may be hampered during the period of implementing an alternative system, which period could extend longer than we anticipated.
the costs of complying with the requirements of laws pertaining to the privacy and security of personal information and the potential liability associated with the failure to comply with such laws could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations.
we collect personally identifiable information ("pii") and other data as part of our business processes and operations. the legislative and regulatory framework relating to privacy and data protection is rapidly evolving worldwide and is likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. this data is subject to a variety of u.s. and international laws and regulations. many foreign countries and governmental bodies, including the european union, canada and other jurisdictions where we conduct business, have laws and regulations concerning the collection and use of pii and other data obtained from their residents or by businesses operating within their jurisdictions that are more restrictive than those in the u.s. additionally, the european union adopted the general data protection regulation ("gdpr") that will impose more stringent data protection requirements for processors and controllers of personal data, including expanded disclosures about how pii is to be used, limitations on retention of pii, mandatory data breach notification requirements, and higher standards for data controllers to demonstrate that they have obtained valid consent for certain data processing activities. the gdpr will become effective in may 2018, and there can be no assurance that we will timely have all processes implemented for full compliance with the regulation. the gdpr provides severe penalties for noncompliance.
any inability, or perceived inability, to adequately address privacy and data protection issues, even if unfounded, or comply with applicable laws, regulations, policies, industry standards, contractual obligations or other legal obligations (including at newly-acquired companies) could result in additional cost and liability to us, result in governmental investigations and enforcement actions, give rise to civil litigation, damage to our reputation (including the loss of trust by our customers and employees), inhibit sales, and otherwise adversely affect our business. we also may be subject to these adverse effects if other parties with whom we do business, including lenders, suppliers, consultants and advisors, violate applicable laws or contractual obligations or suffer a security breach.
business interruptions in our distribution centers or other facilities may affect our operations, the function of our computer systems, and/or the availability and distribution of merchandise, which may affect our business.
weather, terrorist activities, war or other disasters, or the threat of any of them, may result in the closure of our distribution centers or other facilities or may adversely affect our ability to deliver inventory through our system on a timely basis.  this may affect our ability to serve our customers, resulting in lost sales or a potential loss of customer loyalty.  some of our merchandise is imported from other countries and these goods could become difficult or impossible to bring into the u.s. or into the other countries in which we operate, and we may not be able to obtain such merchandise from other sources at similar prices.  such a disruption in revenue could potentially have a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition.
we are subject to environmental regulations and incur costs relating to environmental matters.
we are subject to various environmental protection and health and safety laws and regulations governing, among other things: the emission and discharge of hazardous materials into the ground, air, or water; exposure to hazardous materials;
17
and the generation, handling, storage, use, treatment, identification, transportation, and disposal of industrial by-products, waste water, storm water, and mercury and other hazardous materials. we are also required to obtain environmental permits from governmental authorities for certain of our operations. if we violate or fail to obtain or comply with these laws, regulations, or permits, we could be fined or otherwise sanctioned by regulators or lose our operating permits. we could also become liable if employees or other parties are improperly exposed to hazardous materials. we have an environmental management process designed to facilitate and support our compliance with these requirements. we cannot assure you, however, that we will at all times be in complete compliance with such requirements.
we have made and will continue to make capital and other expenditures relating to environmental matters. although we presently do not expect to incur any capital or other expenditures relating to environmental controls or other environmental matters in amounts that would be material to us, we may be required to make such expenditures in the future.
under certain environmental laws, we could be held responsible for all of the costs relating to any contamination at, or migration to or from, our or our predecessors' past or present facilities and at independent waste disposal sites. these laws often impose liability even if the owner or operator did not know of, or was not responsible for, the release of such hazardous substances. many of our facilities are located on or near properties with a history of industrial use that may have involved hazardous materials. as a result, some of our properties may be contaminated. some environmental laws hold current or previous owners or operators of real property liable for the costs of cleaning up contamination. these environmental laws also impose liability on any person who disposes of, treats, or arranges for the disposal or treatment of hazardous substances, regardless of whether the affected site is owned or operated by such person, and at times can impose liability on companies deemed under law to be a successor to such person. third parties may also make claims against owners or operators of properties, or successors to such owners or operators, for personal injuries and property damage associated with releases of hazardous or toxic substances.
contamination resulting from vehicle recycling processes can include soil and ground water contamination from the release, storage, transportation, or disposal of gasoline, motor oil, antifreeze, transmission fluid, chlorofluorocarbons ("cfcs") from air conditioners, other hazardous materials, or metals such as aluminum, cadmium, chromium, lead, and mercury. contamination from the refurbishment of chrome plated bumpers can occur from the release of the plating material. contamination can migrate on-site or off-site which can increase the risk, and the amount, of any potential liability.
when we identify a potential material environmental issue during our acquisition due diligence process, we analyze the risks, and, when appropriate, perform further environmental assessment to verify and quantify the extent of the potential contamination. furthermore, where appropriate, we have established financial reserves for certain environmental matters. in the event we discover new information or if laws change, we may incur significant liabilities, which may exceed our reserves.
environmental laws are complex, change frequently, and have tended to become more stringent over time. our costs of complying with current and future environmental and health and safety laws, and our liabilities arising from past or future releases of, or exposure to, hazardous substances, may adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
we could be subject to product liability claims and involved in product recalls.
if customers of repair shops that purchase our products are injured or suffer property damage, we could be subject to product liability claims by such customers. the successful assertion of this type of claim could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.  in addition, we may become involved in the recall of a product that is determined to be defective. more generally, a recall involving alternative parts, even if we did not sell the recalled products, could adversely affect the perceived quality of alternative parts, leading to decreased usage of alternative parts. the expenses of a recall and the damage to our reputation, or the reputation of alternative parts generally, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
we have agreed to defend and indemnify in certain circumstances insurance companies and customers against claims and damages relating to product liability and product recalls. the existence of claims or damages for which we must defend and indemnify these parties could also negatively impact our business, results of operations or financial condition.
governmental agencies may refuse to grant or renew our operating licenses and permits.
our operating subsidiaries in our salvage, self-service, and refurbishing operations must obtain licenses and permits from state and local governments to conduct their operations. when we develop or acquire a new facility, we must seek the approval of state and local units of government. governmental agencies may resist the establishment of a vehicle recycling or refurbishing facility in their communities. there can be no assurance that future approvals or transfers will be granted. in addition, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain and renew the licenses and permits our operating subsidiaries currently hold.
18
new regulations related to conflict-free minerals may force us to incur additional expenses and otherwise adversely impact our business.
in august 2012, as mandated by the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act, the sec adopted final rules regarding disclosure of the use of certain minerals, known as conflict minerals, originating from the democratic republic of congo or adjoining countries. these new requirements impose significant burdens on u.s. public companies. compliance with the rules requires substantial due diligence in an effort to determine whether products contain the conflict minerals.  the results of such due diligence efforts must be disclosed on an annual basis in a filing with the sec.
our supply chain is complex and we may incur significant costs to determine the source of any such minerals used in our products. we may also incur costs with respect to potential changes to products, processes or sources of supply as a consequence of our diligence activities. further, the implementation of these rules and their effect on customer, supplier and/or consumer behavior could adversely affect the sourcing, supply and pricing of materials used in our products. as there may be only a limited number of suppliers offering products free of conflict minerals in some circumstances, we cannot be sure that we will be able to obtain necessary products from such suppliers in sufficient quantities or at competitive prices. we may face reputational challenges if we determine that certain of our products contain minerals not determined to be conflict-free or if we are unable to sufficiently verify the origins for all conflict minerals used in our products through the procedures we implement. accordingly, these rules could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and/or financial condition.
if we experience problems with our fleet of trucks and other vehicles, our business could be harmed.
we use a fleet of trucks and other vehicles to deliver the majority of the products we sell. we are subject to the risks associated with providing delivery services, including inclement weather, disruptions in the transportation infrastructure, governmental regulation, availability and price of fuel, liabilities arising from accidents to the extent we are not covered by insurance, and insurance premium increases. in addition, our failure to deliver products in a timely and accurate manner could harm our reputation and brand, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we may lose the right to operate at key locations.
we lease most of the properties at which we conduct our businesses. at the end of a lease term, we must negotiate a renewal, exercise a purchase option (to the extent we have that right), or find a new location. there can be no assurance that we will be able to negotiate renewals on terms acceptable to us or that we will find a suitable alternative location, especially with respect to our salvage operations (which have characteristics that are often not attractive to landlords or local governments). in such cases, we may lose the right to operate at key locations.
our effective tax rate could materially increase as a consequence of various factors, including interpretations and administrative guidance in regard to the tax act (defined below), u.s. and/or international tax legislation, mix of earnings by jurisdiction and u.s. and foreign jurisdictional audits.
we are a u.s. based multinational company subject to income taxes in the u.s. and a number of foreign jurisdictions. therefore, we are subject to changes in tax laws in each of these jurisdictions and such changes could have a material adverse effect on our effective tax rate and cash flows.
on december 22, 2017, the u.s. enacted legislation commonly referred to as the tax cuts and jobs act (the "tax act"). among other things, the tax act reduces the u.s. statutory corporate tax rate from 35% to 21% for tax years beginning after december 31, 2017. additionally, beginning in 2018, the tax act imposes a regime of taxation on foreign subsidiary earnings (global intangible low-taxed income, "gilti") and on certain related party payments (base erosion anti-abuse tax, "beat"). other important changes potentially material to the our operations include the full expensing of certain assets placed into service after september 27, 2017, the repeal of the domestic manufacturing deduction, and additional limitations on the deductibility of executive compensation. finally, as part of the transition of u.s. international taxation from a worldwide tax system to a territorial tax system, the tax act imposes a one-time transition tax on the deemed repatriation of historical earnings of foreign subsidiaries as of december 31, 2017. other than the transition tax and revaluation of deferred tax balances (which are applicable to us for 2017), the provisions will generally be applicable in 2018 and beyond. in accordance with the guidance provided in sec staff accounting bulletin ("sab") no. 118, in the fourth quarter of 2017, we recorded provisional reasonable estimates of the impact of the tax act, including $51 million for the transition tax and a deferred tax benefit of $73 million related to the revaluation of deferred tax balances based on the new rate. we are continuing to analyze the tax act and plan to finalize the estimate within the measurement period outlined in sab no.118. the final adjustments may differ from the provisional reasonable estimates (and such difference may be material) if provisions of the tax act, and their interaction with other provisions of the u.s. internal revenue code, are interpreted differently than interpretations made by us in determining the estimates, whether through issuance of administrative guidance, or through further review of the tax act. depending upon future interpretations and administrative guidance in respect of the tax act's base broadening provisions, the tax act could have a material adverse effect on the company's effective tax rate and cash flows.
19
certain non-u.s. jurisdictions are considering tax legislation based upon recommendations made by the organization for economic co-operation and development in connection with its base erosion and profit shifting study. the outcome of these legislative developments could have a material adverse effect on our effective tax rate and cash flows.
the tax rates applicable in the jurisdictions within which we operate vary widely. therefore, our effective tax rate may be adversely affected by changes in the mix of our earnings by jurisdiction.
we are also subject to ongoing audits of our income tax returns in various jurisdictions both in the u.s. and internationally. while we believe that our tax positions will be sustained, the outcomes of such audits could result in the assessment of additional taxes, which could adversely impact our cash flows and financial results.
risks relating to our common stock and financial structure the market price of our common stock may be volatile and could expose us to securities class action litigation.
the stock market and the price of our common stock may be subject to wide fluctuations based upon general economic and market conditions.  the market price for our common stock may also be affected by our ability to meet analysts' expectations.  failure to meet such expectations, even slightly, could have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. in addition, stock market volatility has had a significant effect on the market prices of securities issued by many companies for reasons unrelated to the operating performance of these companies.  downturns in the stock market may cause the price of our common stock to decline.  additionally, the market price for our common stock has been in the past, and in the future may be, adversely affected by allegations made or reports issued by short sellers, analysts, activists or others regarding our business model, our management or our financial accounting.
following periods of volatility in the market price of a company's securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against such companies.  if similar litigation were instituted against us, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management's attention and resources, which could have an adverse effect on our business.
delaware law, our charter documents and our loan documents may impede or discourage a takeover, which could affect the price of our stock.
the anti-takeover provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, our loan documents and delaware law could, together or separately, impose various impediments to the ability of a third party to acquire control of us, even if a change in control would be beneficial to our existing stockholders. our certificate of incorporation and bylaws have provisions that could discourage potential takeover attempts and make attempts by stockholders to change management more difficult. our credit agreement provides that a change of control is an event of default. our incorporation under delaware law and these provisions could also impede an acquisition, takeover, or other business combination involving us or discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer for our common stock, which, under certain circumstances, could reduce the price of our common stock.
future sales of our common stock or other securities may depress our stock price.
we and our stockholders may sell shares of common stock or other equity, debt or instruments which constitute an element of our debt and equity (collectively, "securities") in the future. we may also issue shares of common stock under our equity incentive plan or in connection with future acquisitions. we cannot predict the size of future issuances of securities or the effect, if any, that future issuances and sales of shares of our common stock or other securities will have on the price of our common stock. sales of substantial amounts of common stock (including shares issued in connection with an acquisition), the issuance of additional debt securities, or the perception that such sales or issuances could occur, may cause the price of our common stock to fall.
we have a substantial amount of indebtedness, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and our ability to obtain financing in the future and to react to changes in our business.
as of december 31, 2017, we had approximately $2.1 billion aggregate principal amount of secured debt outstanding and approximately $1.4 billion of availability under our credit agreement ($1.5 billion of availability reduced by $71 million of amounts outstanding under letters of credit). in addition, we had approximately $1.2 billion aggregate principal amount of unsecured debt outstanding comprising $600 million aggregate principal amount of 4.75% senior notes due may 15, 2023 (the "u.s. notes (2023)") and €500 million ($600 million) aggregate principal amount of 3.875% senior notes due april 1, 2024 (the "euro notes (2024)," and together with the u.s. notes (2023), the "senior notes"). borrowings under the credit agreement mature in january 2023.
our significant amount of debt and our debt service obligations could limit our ability to satisfy our obligations, limit our ability to operate our business and impair our competitive position.
for example, our debt and our debt service obligations could:
20
•   increase our vulnerability to adverse economic and general industry conditions, including interest rate fluctuations, because a portion of our borrowings are and will continue to be at variable rates of interest;
•   require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, which would reduce the availability of our cash flow from operations to fund working capital, capital expenditures or other general corporate purposes;
•   limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and industry;
•   place us at a disadvantage compared to competitors that may have proportionately less debt;
•   limit our ability to obtain additional debt or equity financing due to applicable financial and restrictive covenants in our debt agreements; and
•   increase our cost of borrowing.
in addition, if we or our subsidiaries incur additional debt, the risks associated with our substantial leverage and the ability to service such debt would increase.
our senior notes do not impose any limitations on our ability to incur additional debt or protect against certain other types of transactions.
although we are subject to our credit agreement for so long as it remains in effect, the indentures governing the senior notes do not restrict the future incurrence of unsecured indebtedness, guarantees or other obligations. the indentures contain certain limitations on our ability to incur liens on assets and engage in sale and leaseback transactions. however, these limitations are subject to important exceptions. in addition, the indentures do not contain many other restrictions, including certain restrictions contained in our credit agreement, including, without limitation, investments or prepaying subordinated indebtedness or engaging in transactions with our affiliates.
our credit agreement will permit, subject to specified conditions and limitations, the incurrence of a significant amount of additional indebtedness. as of december 31, 2017, we would have been able to incur an additional $1.4 billion of indebtedness under our credit agreement ($1.5 billion of availability reduced by $71 million of amounts outstanding under letters of credit). if we or our subsidiaries incur additional debt, the risks associated with our substantial leverage and the ability to service such debt would increase. if we close the acquisition of stahlgruber, we will incur approximately $1.5 billion of additional debt to partially fund the purchase price; this amount is subject to change, depending on factors such as stahlgruber's debt at closing and the acquisition date exchange rate.
our credit agreement imposes significant operating and financial restrictions on us and our subsidiaries, which may prevent us from capitalizing on business opportunities.
our credit agreement imposes significant operating and financial restrictions on us. these restrictions limit our ability, among other things, to:
•   incur, assume or permit to exist additional indebtedness (including guarantees thereof);
•   pay dividends or certain other distributions on our capital stock or repurchase our capital stock or prepay subordinated indebtedness;
•   incur liens on assets;
•   make certain investments or other restricted payments;
•   engage in transactions with affiliates;
•   sell certain assets or merge or consolidate with or into other companies;
•   guarantee indebtedness; and
•   alter the business we conduct.
as a result of these covenants and restrictions, we will be limited in how we conduct our business and we may be unable to raise additional debt or equity financing to compete effectively or to take advantage of new business opportunities. the terms of any future indebtedness we may incur could include more restrictive covenants. we cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain compliance with these covenants in the future and, if we fail to do so, that we will be able to obtain waivers from the lenders and/or amend the covenants. the failure to comply with any of these covenants would cause a default under the credit agreement. a default, if not waived, could result in acceleration of our debt, in which case the debt would become immediately due and payable. if this occurs, we may not be able to repay our debt or borrow sufficient funds to refinance it. even if new financing were available, it may be on terms that are less attractive to us than our existing credit facilities or it may be on terms that are not acceptable to us.
21
we may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness, and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, which may not be successful.
our ability to make scheduled payments on or to refinance our debt obligations depends on our financial condition and operating performance, which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business and other factors beyond our control. we cannot assure you that we will maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness. if our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, or to sell assets, seek additional capital or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. these alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. if our operating results and available cash are insufficient to meet our debt service obligations, we could face substantial liquidity problems and might be required to dispose of material assets or operations to meet our debt service and other obligations. we may not be able to consummate those dispositions or to obtain the proceeds that we could realize from them, and these proceeds may not be adequate to meet any debt service obligations then due. any future refinancing of our indebtedness could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants which could further restrict our business operations. additionally, the credit agreement and the indentures that govern our senior notes limit the use of the proceeds from certain dispositions of our assets; as a result, our credit agreement and our senior notes may prevent us from using the proceeds from such dispositions to satisfy all of our debt service obligations.
our future capital needs may require that we seek to refinance our debt or obtain additional debt or equity financing, events that could have a negative effect on our business.
we may need to raise additional funds in the future to, among other things, refinance existing debt, fund our existing operations, improve or expand our operations, respond to competitive pressures, or make acquisitions. from time to time, we may raise additional funds through public or private financing, strategic alliances, or other arrangements. funds may not be available or available on terms acceptable to us as a result of different factors, including but not limited to turmoil in the credit markets that results in the tightening of credit conditions and current or future regulations applicable to the financial institutions from whom we seek financing. if adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms, we may be unable to meet our business or strategic objectives or compete effectively. if we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, stockholders may experience dilution of their ownership interests, and the newly issued securities may have rights superior to those of the common stock. if we raise additional funds by issuing debt, we may be subject to higher borrowing costs and further limitations on our operations. if we refinance or restructure our debt, we may incur charges to write off the unamortized portion of deferred debt issuance costs from a previous financing, or we may incur charges related to hedge ineffectiveness from our interest rate swap obligations. in addition, there are restrictions in the indenture that governs the u.s. notes (2023) on our ability to refinance such notes prior to may 15, 2018. there are also restrictions in the indenture that governs the euro notes (2024) on our ability to refinance such notes prior to january 1, 2024. if we fail to raise capital when needed, our business may be negatively affected.
our variable rate indebtedness subjects us to interest rate risk, which could cause our indebtedness service obligations to increase significantly and could affect the value of our senior notes.
certain borrowings under our credit agreement and the borrowing under our accounts receivable securitization facility are at variable rates of interest and expose us to interest rate risk. if interest rates increase, our debt service obligations on the variable rate indebtedness would increase even though the amount borrowed remained the same, and our net income and cash flows, including cash available for servicing our indebtedness, would correspondingly decrease. moreover, changes in market interest rates could affect the trading value of the notes. assuming all revolving loans were fully drawn and no interest rate swaps were in place, each one percentage point change in interest rates would result in a $36 million change in annual cash interest expense under our credit agreement and our accounts receivable securitization facility.
repayment of our indebtedness, including our senior notes, is dependent on cash flow generated by our subsidiaries.
we are a holding company and repayment of our senior notes will be dependent upon cash flow generated by our subsidiaries and their ability to make such cash available to us, by dividend, debt repayment or otherwise. unless they are borrowers or guarantors of the indebtedness, our subsidiaries do not have any obligation to pay amounts due on the indebtedness or to make funds available for that purpose. our subsidiaries may not be able to, or be permitted to, make distributions to enable us to make payments in respect of our indebtedness, including the senior notes. each of our subsidiaries is a distinct legal entity and, under certain circumstances, legal and contractual restrictions may limit our ability to obtain cash from our subsidiaries and, under certain circumstances, distributions from our subsidiaries may be subject to significant taxes that reduce the amount of such distributions available to us. while the indentures governing the senior notes limit the ability of our subsidiaries to restrict the payment of dividends or make other intercompany payments to us, these limitations are subject to certain qualifications and exceptions. in the event that we do not receive distributions from our subsidiaries, we may be unable to make required principal and interest payments on our indebtedness, including the senior notes.
22
a downgrade in our credit rating would impact our cost of capital and could impact the market value of our senior notes.
credit ratings have an important effect on our cost of capital. credit rating agencies rate our debt securities on factors that include, among other items, our results of operations, business decisions that we make, their view of the general outlook for our industry, and their view of the general outlook for the economy. actions taken by the rating agencies can include maintaining, upgrading, or downgrading the current rating or placing us on a watch list for possible future downgrading. we believe our current credit ratings enhance our ability to borrow funds at favorable rates.  a downgrade in our current credit rating from a rating agency could adversely affect our cost of capital by causing us to pay a higher interest rate on borrowed funds under our credit facilities. a downgrade could also adversely affect the market price and/or liquidity of our senior notes, preventing a holder from selling the senior notes at a favorable price, as well as adversely affecting our ability to issue new notes in the future or incur other indebtedness upon favorable terms.
the right to receive payments on the senior notes is effectively junior to those lenders who have a security interest in our assets.
our obligations under our senior notes and our guarantors' obligations under their guarantees of the senior notes are unsecured, but our and each co-borrower's obligations under our credit agreement and each guarantor's obligations under their respective guarantees of the credit agreement are secured by a security interest in substantially all of our domestic tangible and intangible assets, including the stock of most of our wholly-owned united states subsidiaries and the stock of certain of our non-united states subsidiaries. if we are declared bankrupt or insolvent, or if we default under our credit agreement, the lenders could declare all of the funds borrowed thereunder, together with accrued interest, immediately due and payable. if we were unable to repay such indebtedness, the lenders could foreclose on the pledged assets to the exclusion of holders of our senior notes, even if an event of default exists under the applicable indenture governing the senior notes. furthermore, if the lenders foreclose and sell the pledged equity interests in any subsidiary guarantor under our senior notes, then that guarantor will be released from its guarantee of the senior notes automatically and immediately upon such sale. in any such event, because the senior notes are not secured by any of our assets or the equity interests in subsidiary guarantors, it is possible that there would be no assets remaining from which claims by holders of the senior notes could be satisfied or, if any assets remained, they might be insufficient to satisfy claims fully. as of december 31, 2017, we had approximately $2.1 billion aggregate principal amount of secured debt outstanding and approximately $1.4 billion of availability under the credit agreement ($1.5 billion of availability reduced by $71 million of amounts outstanding under letters of credit).
united states federal and state statutes allow courts, under specific circumstances, to void the senior notes and the guarantees, subordinate claims in respect of the senior notes and the guarantees, and require holders of the senior notes to return payments received from us or the guarantors.
our direct and indirect domestic subsidiaries that are obligors under the credit agreement guarantee the obligations under our senior notes. in addition, certain subsidiaries of the issuer of the euro notes (2024) guarantee the obligations under the euro notes (2024). the issuance of our senior notes and the issuance of the guarantees by the guarantors may be subject to review under state and federal laws if a bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganization case or a lawsuit, including in circumstances in which bankruptcy is not involved, were commenced at some future date by, or on behalf of, our unpaid creditors or the unpaid creditors of a guarantor. under the federal bankruptcy laws of the united states and comparable provisions of state fraudulent transfer laws, a court may avoid or otherwise decline to enforce the senior notes, or a guarantor's guarantee, or may subordinate the senior notes, or such guarantee, to our or the applicable guarantor's existing and future indebtedness. while the relevant laws may vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, a court might do so if it found that when indebtedness under the senior notes was issued, or when the applicable guarantor entered into its guarantee, or, in some jurisdictions, when payments became due under the senior notes, or such guarantee, the issuer or the applicable guarantor received less than reasonably equivalent value or fair consideration and:
•   was insolvent or rendered insolvent by reason of such incurrence;
•   was engaged in a business or transaction for which its remaining assets constituted unreasonably small capital; or
•   intended to incur, or believed that it would incur, debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature.
a court would likely find that we or a guarantor did not receive reasonably equivalent value or fair consideration for the senior notes or such guarantee if we or such guarantor did not substantially benefit directly or indirectly from the issuance of the senior notes. thus, if the guarantees were legally challenged, any guarantee could be subject to the claim that, since the guarantee was incurred for our benefit, and only indirectly for the benefit of the guarantor, the obligations of the applicable guarantor were incurred for less than reasonably equivalent value or fair consideration. if a court were to void the issuance of the senior notes or any guarantee, a holder of the senior notes would no longer have any claim against us or the applicable guarantor. in the event of a finding that a fraudulent transfer or conveyance occurred, a holder of the senior notes may not receive any repayment on the senior notes. further, the avoidance of the senior notes could result in an event of default with respect to our and our subsidiaries' other debt, which could result in acceleration of that debt. the measures of insolvency for
23
purposes of these fraudulent transfer laws vary depending upon the law applied in any proceeding to determine whether a fraudulent transfer has occurred. generally, however, an issuer or a guarantor, as applicable, would be considered insolvent if:
•   the sum of its debts, including contingent liabilities, was greater than the fair value of its assets;
•   the present fair saleable value of its assets was less than the amount that would be required to pay its probable liability on its existing debts, including contingent liabilities, as they become absolute and mature; or
•   it could not pay its debts as they become due.
a court might also void the senior notes, or a guarantee, without regard to the above factors, if the court found that the senior notes were incurred or issued or the applicable guarantor entered into its guarantee with actual intent to hinder, delay or defraud its creditors. we cannot give any assurance as to what standard a court would apply in determining whether we or the guarantors were solvent at the relevant time or that a court would agree with our conclusions in this regard, or, regardless of the standard that a court uses, that it would not determine that we or a guarantor were indeed insolvent on that date; that any payments to the holders of the senior notes (including under the guarantees) did not constitute preferences, fraudulent transfers or conveyances on other grounds; or that the issuance of the senior notes and the guarantees would not be subordinated to our or any guarantor's other debt. in addition, any payment by us or a guarantor pursuant to the senior notes, or its guarantee, could be avoided and required to be returned to us or such guarantor or to a fund for the benefit of our or such guarantor's creditors, and accordingly the court might direct holders of the senior notes to repay any amounts already received from us or such guarantor. among other things, under u.s. bankruptcy law, any payment by us pursuant to the senior notes or by a guarantor under a guarantee made at a time we or such guarantor were found to be insolvent could be voided and required to be returned to us or such guarantor or to a fund for the benefit of our or such guarantor's creditors if such payment is made to an insider within a one-year period prior to a bankruptcy filing or within 90 days for any outside party and such payment would give such insider or outsider party more than such party would have received in a distribution under the bankruptcy code in a hypothetical chapter 7 case. although each guarantee contains a "savings clause" intended to limit the subsidiary guarantor's liability to the maximum amount that it could incur without causing the incurrence of obligations under its subsidiary guarantee to be a fraudulent transfer, this provision may not be effective as a legal matter to protect any subsidiary guarantees from being avoided under fraudulent transfer law. in that regard, in official committee of unsecured creditors of tousa, inc. v citicorp north america, inc ., the united states bankruptcy court in the southern district of florida held that a savings clause similar to the savings clause included in our indentures was unenforceable. as a result, the subsidiary guarantees were found to be fraudulent conveyances. the united states court of appeals for the eleventh circuit subsequently affirmed the liability findings of the bankruptcy court without ruling directly on the enforceability of savings clauses generally. if the decision of the bankruptcy court in tousa were followed by other courts, the risk that the guarantees would be deemed fraudulent conveyances would be significantly increased.
to the extent a court avoids the senior notes or any of the guarantees as fraudulent transfers or holds the senior notes or any of the guarantees unenforceable for any other reason, the holders of the senior notes would cease to have any direct claim against us or the applicable guarantor. if a court were to take this action, our or the applicable guarantor's assets would be applied first to satisfy our or the applicable guarantor's other liabilities, if any, and might not be applied to the payment of the senior notes. sufficient funds to repay the senior notes may not be available from other sources, including the remaining guarantors, if any. in addition, the euro notes (2024) and the guarantees may be subject to avoidance under the laws of other foreign jurisdictions, including italy and czech republic, to the extent that we, the issuer of the euro notes (2024), or any of the guarantors (as applicable) were to be the subject of an insolvency or related proceeding in such jurisdiction(s).
not all of our subsidiaries have guaranteed our credit agreement or our senior notes, and the assets of our non-guarantor subsidiaries may not be available to make payments on such obligations.
not all of our subsidiaries have guaranteed the credit agreement, our u.s. notes (2023) or our euro notes (2024). in the event that any non-guarantor subsidiary becomes insolvent, liquidates, reorganizes, dissolves or otherwise winds up, holders of its indebtedness and its trade creditors generally will be entitled to payment on their claims from the assets of that subsidiary before any of those assets are made available to the lenders under the credit agreement or the holders of the senior notes. consequently, claims in respect of the credit agreement and the senior notes are structurally subordinated to all of the liabilities of our subsidiaries that are not guarantors of such instruments, including trade payables, and any claims of third party holders of preferred equity interests, if any, in our non-guarantor subsidiaries. for the year ended december 31, 2017, our subsidiaries that are not borrowers under or do not guarantee the credit agreement and our subsidiaries that do not guarantee the u.s. notes (2023) represented approximately 42% and 26% of our total revenue and operating income, respectively. in addition, these non-guarantor subsidiaries represented approximately 49% and 41% of our total assets and total liabilities, respectively, as of december 31, 2017 (excluding, in each case, intercompany amounts). as of the same date, our subsidiaries that do not guarantee the credit agreement or the u.s. notes (2023) had approximately $1.3 billion of outstanding indebtedness (which includes $460 million of borrowings under our revolving credit facilities by foreign subsidiaries that are borrowers under the revolving credit facilities but that do not guarantee the u.s. notes (2023)). the group of subsidiaries that does not guarantee the
24
euro notes (2024) is similar to the group that does not guarantee the u.s. notes (2023), except that, in addition to the issuer of the euro notes (2024), there are four subsidiaries in the group that does not guarantee the u.s. notes (2023) that guarantee the euro notes (2024).
we may not be able to repurchase the senior notes upon a change of control or pursuant to an asset sale offer.
upon a change of control, as defined in the indentures governing the senior notes, the holders of the senior notes will have the right to require us to offer to purchase all of the senior notes then outstanding at a price equal to 101% of their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest. such a change of control would also be an event of default under our credit agreement. in order to obtain sufficient funds to pay amounts due under the credit agreement and the purchase price of the outstanding senior notes, we expect that we would have to refinance our indebtedness. we cannot assure you that we would be able to refinance our indebtedness on reasonable terms, if at all. our failure to offer to purchase all outstanding senior notes or to purchase all validly tendered senior notes would be an event of default under the indenture. such an event of default may cause the acceleration of our other debt. our other debt also may contain restrictions on repayment requirements with respect to specified events or transactions that constitute a change of control under the indenture.
the definition of change of control in the indentures governing the senior notes includes a phrase relating to the sale of "all or substantially all" of our assets. there is no precise established definition of the phrase "substantially all" under applicable law. accordingly, the ability of a holder of senior notes to require us to repurchase its senior notes as a result of a sale of less than all our assets to another person may be uncertain.
in addition, in certain circumstances as specified in the indentures governing the senior notes, we will be required to commence an asset sale offer, as defined in the indentures governing the senior notes, pursuant to which we will be obligated to purchase certain senior notes at a price equal to 100% of their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest with the proceeds we receive from certain asset sales. our other debt may contain restrictions that would limit or prohibit us from completing any such asset sale offer. in particular, our credit agreement contains provisions that require us, upon the sale of certain assets, to apply all of the proceeds from such asset sale to the prepayment of amounts due under the credit agreement. the mandatory prepayment obligations under the credit agreement will be effectively senior to our obligations to make an asset sale offer with respect to the senior notes under the terms of the indentures governing the senior notes. our failure to purchase any such senior notes when required under the indentures would be an event of default under the indentures.
key terms of the senior notes will be suspended if the notes achieve investment grade ratings and no default or event of default has occurred and is continuing.
many of the covenants in the indentures governing the senior notes will be suspended if the senior notes are rated investment grade by standard & poor's and moody's provided at such time no default or event of default has occurred and is continuing, including those covenants that restrict, among other things, our ability to pay dividends, incur liens and to enter into certain other transactions. there can be no assurance that the senior notes will ever be rated investment grade. however, suspension of these covenants would allow us to engage in certain transactions that would not be permitted while these covenants were in force (although provisions under our other debt, like the credit agreement, may continue to restrict us from engaging in these transactions), and the effects of any such transactions will be permitted to remain in place even if the senior notes are subsequently downgraded below investment grade.
the liquidity and market value of the senior notes may change due to a variety of factors.
the liquidity of any trading market in the senior notes, and the market price quoted for the senior notes, may be adversely affected by changes in the overall market for these types of securities, changes in interest rates, changes in our ratings, and changes in our financial performance or prospects or in the prospects for companies in our industries generally.
we rely on an accounts receivable securitization program for a portion of our liquidity.
we have an arrangement whereby we sell an interest in a portion of our accounts receivable to a special purpose vehicle and receive funding through the commercial paper market. this arrangement expires in november 2019.  in the event that the market for commercial paper were to close or otherwise become constrained, our cost of credit relative to this program could rise, or credit could be unavailable altogether.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview we are a global distributor of vehicle products, including replacement parts, components and systems used in the repair and maintenance of vehicles and specialty products and accessories to improve the performance, functionality and appearance of vehicles.
buyers of vehicle replacement products have the option to purchase from primarily five sources: new products produced by original equipment manufacturers ("oems"); new products produced by companies other than the oems, which are referred to as aftermarket products; recycled products obtained from salvage vehicles; used products that have been refurbished; and used products that have been remanufactured. we distribute a variety of products to collision and mechanical repair shops, including aftermarket collision and mechanical products; recycled collision and mechanical products; refurbished collision products such as wheels, bumper covers and lights; and remanufactured engines. collectively, we refer to the four sources that are not new oem products as alternative parts.
we are a leading provider of alternative vehicle collision replacement products and alternative vehicle mechanical replacement products, with our sales, processing, and distribution facilities reaching most major markets in the united states and canada. we are also a leading provider of alternative vehicle replacement and maintenance products in europe. in addition to our wholesale operations, we operate self service retail facilities across the u.s. that sell recycled automotive products from end-of-life-vehicles. we are also a leading distributor of specialty vehicle aftermarket equipment and accessories reaching most major markets in the u.s. and canada.
we are organized into four operating segments: wholesale - north america; europe; specialty and self service. we aggregate our wholesale - north america and self service operating segments into one reportable segment, north america, resulting in three reportable segments: north america, europe and specialty.
our operating results have fluctuated on a quarterly and annual basis in the past and can be expected to continue to fluctuate in the future as a result of a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control. please refer to the factors discussed in forward-looking statements in part i, item 1 and risk factors in part i, item 1a of this annual report on form 10-k. due to these factors and others, which may be unknown to us at this time, our operating results in future periods can be expected to fluctuate. accordingly, our historical results of operations may not be indicative of future performance.
acquisitions and investments since our inception in 1998, we have pursued a growth strategy through both organic growth and acquisitions. we have pursued acquisitions that we believe will help drive profitability, cash flow and stockholder value. we target companies that are market leaders, will expand our geographic presence and will enhance our ability to provide a wide array of vehicle products to our customers through our distribution network.
on july 3, 2017, we acquired four aftermarket parts distribution businesses in belgium. the objective of these acquisitions is to transform the existing three-step distribution model in belgium to a two-step distribution model to align with our netherlands operations.
on november 1, 2017, we acquired warn industries, inc. ("warn"), a leading designer, manufacturer and marketer of high performance vehicle equipment and accessories. we expect the acquisition of warn to expand lkq's presence in the specialty market and create viable points of entry into related markets.
in addition to the aftermarket parts distribution businesses acquired in belgium and the acquisition of warn, during the year ended december 31, 2017, we completed 21 acquisitions, including 6 wholesale businesses in north america, 12 wholesale businesses in europe and 3 specialty vehicle aftermarket businesses.
on december 10, 2017, lkq and its wholly-owned subsidiary lkq german holdings gmbh entered into an agreement to acquire stahlgruber, a leading european wholesale distributor of aftermarket spare parts for passenger cars, tools, capital equipment and accessories with operations in germany, austria, czech republic, italy, slovenia, and croatia with further sales to switzerland. the transaction is expected to be completed in the first half of 2018 and is subject to regulatory approvals. this acquisition will expand lkq's geographic presence in continental europe and serve as an additional strategic hub for our european operations. in addition, we believe this acquisition will allow for continued improvement in procurement, logistics and infrastructure optimization.
on march 18, 2016, we acquired rhiag, a distributor of aftermarket spare parts for passenger cars and commercial vehicles in italy, czech republic, switzerland, hungary, romania, ukraine, bulgaria, slovakia, poland and spain. this acquisition expanded lkq's geographic presence in continental europe, and we believe the acquisition will generate potential procurement synergies in our europe segment.
30
on april 21, 2016, we acquired pgw, a leading global distributor and manufacturer of automotive glass products. pgw's business comprised aftermarket automotive replacement glass distribution services and automotive glass manufacturing. on march 1, 2017, we sold the automotive glass manufacturing component of pgw. unless otherwise noted, the discussion related to pgw throughout part ii, item 7 of this annual report on form 10-k refers to the aftermarket glass distribution operations of pgw, pgw autoglass, which is included within continuing operations. see note 3, "discontinued operations" in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information related to our discontinued operations. the acquisition of pgw autoglass expanded our addressable market in north america. additionally, we believe the acquisition will create potential distribution synergies with our existing network.
in october 2016, we acquired substantially all of the business assets of andrew page limited ("andrew page"), a distributor of aftermarket automotive parts in the united kingdom. the u.k. competition and markets authority ("cma") concluded its review of this acquisition on october 31, 2017 and determined that we must divest less than 10% of the acquired locations.
in addition to our acquisitions of rhiag, pgw autoglass, and andrew page, we acquired seven wholesale businesses in europe and five wholesale businesses in north america during the year ended december 31, 2016.
on december 1, 2016, we acquired a 26.5% equity interest in mekonomen ab ("mekonomen"), the leading independent car parts and service chain in the nordic region of europe, offering a wide range of quality products including spare parts and accessories for cars, and workshop services for consumers and businesses. we are accounting for our interest in mekonomen using the equity method of accounting, as our investment gives us the ability to exercise significant influence, but not control, over the investee.
during the year ended december 31, 2015, we completed 18 acquisitions, including 4 wholesale businesses in north america and 12 wholesale businesses in europe, a self service retail operation, and a specialty vehicle aftermarket business. our wholesale business acquisitions in north america included partschannel, inc. ("parts channel"), an aftermarket collision parts distributor. the specialty aftermarket business acquired was the coast distribution system, inc. ("coast"), a supplier of replacement parts, supplies and accessories for the recreational vehicle ("rv") and outdoor recreation markets. our european acquisitions included 11 aftermarket parts distribution businesses in the netherlands, 9 of which were former customers of and distributors for our netherlands subsidiary, sator, and were acquired with the objective of expanding our distribution network in the netherlands. our other acquisitions completed in 2015 enabled us to expand our geographic presence.
see note 2, "business combinations" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information related to our acquisitions.
sources of revenue we report our revenue in two categories: (i) parts and services and (ii) other. our parts revenue is generated from the sale of vehicle products including (i) aftermarket, other new and refurbished products and (ii) recycled, remanufactured and related products. our service revenue is generated primarily from the sale of extended warranties, fees for admission to our self service yards, and processing fees related to the secure disposal of vehicles. during the year ended december 31, 2017, parts and services revenue represented approximately 95% of our consolidated revenue.
the majority of our parts and services revenue is generated from the sale of vehicle replacement products to collision and mechanical repair shops. in our north america segment, our vehicle replacement products include sheet metal crash parts such as doors, hoods, and fenders; bumper covers; head and tail lamps; automotive glass products such as windshields; mirrors and grills; wheels; and large mechanical items such as engines and transmissions. in our europe segment, our products include a wide variety of small mechanical products such as filters, belts and hoses, spark plugs, alternators and water pumps, batteries, suspension and brake parts, clutches, and oil and lubricants. the demand for these products is influenced by several factors, including the number of vehicles in operation, the number of miles being driven, the frequency and severity of vehicle accidents, the age profile of vehicles in accidents, seasonal weather patterns and local weather conditions, and the availability and pricing of new oem parts. with respect to collision related products, automobile insurers exert significant influence over collision repair shops as to how an insured vehicle is repaired and the cost level of the products used in the repair process. accordingly, we consider automobile insurers to be key demand drivers of our vehicle replacement products in north america. while they are not our direct customers, we do provide insurance carriers services in an effort to promote the increased usage of alternative replacement products in the repair process. such services include the review of vehicle repair order estimates, direct quotation services to insurance company adjusters and an aftermarket parts quality and service assurance program. we neither charge a fee to the insurance carriers for these services nor adjust our pricing to our customers when we perform these services for insurance carriers. there is no standard price for many of our vehicle replacement products, but rather a pricing structure that varies from day to day based upon such factors as new oem product prices, product availability, quality, demand, the age and mileage of the vehicle from which the part was obtained (in the case of recycled products), competitor pricing and our product cost.
31
our revenue from aftermarket, other new and refurbished products also includes revenue generated from the sale of specialty aftermarket vehicle equipment and accessories. these products are primarily sold to a large customer base of specialty vehicle retailers and equipment installers, including mostly independent, single-site operators. specialty vehicle aftermarket products are typically installed on vehicles within the first three years of ownership to enhance functionality, performance or aesthetics. as a result, the demand for these products is influenced by new and used vehicle sales and the overall economic health of vehicle owners, which may be affected by general business conditions, interest rates, inflation, consumer debt levels and other matters that influence consumer confidence and spending. the prices for our specialty vehicle products are based on manufacturers' suggested retail prices, with discounts applied based on prevailing market conditions, customer volumes and promotions that we may offer from time to time.
for the year ended december 31, 2017, revenue from other sources represented approximately 5% of our consolidated sales. these other sources include scrap sales, bulk sales to mechanical manufacturers (including cores) and sales of aluminum ingots and sows from our furnace operations. we derive scrap metal from several sources, including vehicles that have been used in both our wholesale and self service recycling operations and from oems and other entities that contract with us for secure disposal of "crush only" vehicles. other revenue will vary from period to period based on fluctuations in commodity prices and the volume of materials sold.
cost of goods sold our cost of goods sold for aftermarket products includes the price we pay for the parts, freight, and overhead costs related to the purchasing, warehousing and distribution of our inventory, including labor, facility and equipment costs and depreciation. our aftermarket products are acquired from a number of vendors. our cost of goods sold for refurbished products includes the price we pay for cores, freight, and costs to refurbish the parts, including direct and indirect labor, facility and equipment costs, depreciation and other overhead related to our refurbishing operations.
for recycled products, our cost of goods sold includes the price we pay for the salvage vehicle and, where applicable, auction, towing and storage fees. prices for salvage vehicles may be impacted by a variety of factors, including the number of buyers competing to purchase the vehicles, the demand and pricing trends for used vehicles, the number of vehicles designated as "total losses" by insurance companies, the production level of new vehicles (which provides the source from which salvage vehicles ultimately come), the age of vehicles at auction and the status of laws regulating bidders or exporters of salvage vehicles. from time to time, we may also adjust our buying strategy to target vehicles with different attributes (for example, age, level of damage, and revenue potential). due to changes relating to these factors, we have seen the prices we pay for salvage vehicles fluctuate over time. our cost of goods sold also includes labor and other costs we incur to acquire and dismantle such vehicles. our labor and labor-related costs related to acquisition and dismantling generally account for between 10% and 15% of our cost of goods sold for vehicles we dismantle. the acquisition and dismantling of salvage vehicles is a manual process and, as a result, energy costs are not material.
included in our cost of goods sold for remanufactured products is the price we pay for cores; freight; and costs to remanufacture the products, including direct and indirect labor, facility and equipment costs, depreciation and other overhead related to our remanufacturing operations.
some of our salvage mechanical products are sold with a standard six-month warranty against defects. additionally, some of our remanufactured engines are sold with a standard three-year warranty against defects. we also provide a limited lifetime warranty for certain of our aftermarket products that is supported by certain of the suppliers of those products. we record the estimated warranty costs at the time of sale using historical warranty claims information to project future warranty claims activity and related expenses.
other revenue is primarily generated from the hulks and unusable parts of the vehicles we acquire for our wholesale and self service recycled product operations, and therefore, the costs of these sales include the proportionate share of the price we pay for the salvage vehicles as well as the applicable auction, storage and towing fees and internal costs to purchase and dismantle the vehicles. our cost of goods sold for other revenue will fluctuate based on the prices paid for salvage vehicles, which may be impacted by a variety of factors as discussed above.
expenses our facility and warehouse expenses primarily include our costs to operate our aftermarket warehouses, salvage yards and self service retail facilities. these costs include personnel expenses such as wages, incentive compensation and employee benefits for plant management and facility and warehouse personnel, as well as rent for our facilities and related utilities, property taxes, and repairs and maintenance. the costs included in facility and warehouse expenses do not relate to inventory processing or conversion activities and, as such, are classified below the gross margin line on our consolidated statements of income.
our distribution expenses primarily include our costs to prepare and deliver our products to our customers. included in our distribution expense category are personnel costs such as wages, employee benefits and incentive compensation for drivers;
32
third party freight costs; fuel; and expenses related to our delivery and transfer trucks, including vehicle leases, repairs and maintenance, and insurance.
our selling and marketing expenses primarily include salary, commission and other incentive compensation expenses for sales personnel; advertising, promotion and marketing costs; credit card fees; telephone and other communication expenses; and bad debt expense. personnel costs account for the vast majority of our selling and marketing expenses. most of our sales personnel are paid on a commission basis. the number and quality of our sales force is critical to our ability to respond to our customers' needs and increase our sales volume. our objective is to continually evaluate our sales force, develop and implement training programs, and utilize appropriate measurements to assess our selling effectiveness.
our general and administrative expenses primarily include the costs of our corporate offices and field support center, which provide management, treasury, accounting, legal, payroll, business development, human resources and information systems functions. general and administrative expenses include wages, benefits, stock-based compensation and other incentive compensation for corporate, regional and administrative personnel; information systems support and maintenance expenses; and accounting, legal and other professional fees.
seasonality our operating results are subject to quarterly variations based on a variety of factors, influenced primarily by seasonal changes in weather patterns. during the winter months, we tend to have higher demand for our vehicle replacement products because there are more weather related repairs. our specialty vehicle operations typically generate greater revenue and earnings in the first half of the year, when vehicle owners tend to install this equipment. our aftermarket glass operations typically generate greater revenue and earnings in the second and third quarters, when the demand for automotive replacement glass increases after the winter weather.
critical accounting policies and estimates the discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("gaap"). the preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates, assumptions and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. on an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, assumptions, and judgments, including those related to revenue recognition, inventory valuation, business combinations and goodwill impairment. we base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. the results of these estimates form the basis for our judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities and our recognition of revenue. actual results may differ from these estimates.
revenue recognition we recognize and report revenue from the sale of vehicle products when they are shipped to or picked up by the customers and title has transferred, subject to an allowance for estimated returns, discounts and allowances that management estimates based upon historical information. in instances where a product is returned by a customer, the product would ordinarily be returned within a few days of shipment. we analyze historical returns and allowances activity by comparing the items to the original invoice amounts and dates. we use this information to project future returns and allowances on products sold. if actual returns and allowances are higher than our historical experience, there would be an adverse impact on our operating results in the period of occurrence. in addition, our customers may earn discounts for prompt payment or may earn a discount or rebate upon achievement of sales volumes. we analyze historical and current sales volume activity to estimate and record a liability for any discounts or rebates that we expect customers to earn. any rebates earned are generally applied as a credit to the customer's receivable account.
we recognize revenue from the sale of scrap metal, other metals, and cores when title has transferred, which typically occurs upon delivery to the customer.
inventory accounting salvage and remanufactured inventory. our salvage inventory cost is established based upon the price we pay for a vehicle, including auction, towing and storage fees, as well as expenditures for buying and dismantling vehicles. inventory carrying value is determined using the average cost to sales percentage at each of our facilities and applying that percentage to the facility's inventory at expected selling prices, the assessment of which incorporates the sales probability based on a part's days in stock and historical demand. the average cost to sales percentage is derived from each facility's historical profitability for salvage vehicles. remanufactured inventory cost is based upon the price paid for cores, and also includes expenses incurred for freight, direct manufacturing costs and overhead related to our remanufacturing operations.
33
for all inventory, carrying value is recorded at the lower of cost or net realizable value and is reduced to reflect current anticipated demand. if actual demand differs from our estimates, additional reductions to inventory carrying value would be necessary in the period such determination is made.
business combinations we record our acquisitions using the purchase method of accounting, under which the acquisition purchase price is allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their respective fair values. we utilize management estimates and, in some instances, independent third-party valuation firms to assist in determining the fair values of assets acquired, liabilities assumed and contingent consideration granted. such estimates and valuations require us to make significant assumptions, including projections of future events and operating performance.
goodwill impairment we are required to test our goodwill for impairment at least annually. when testing goodwill for impairment, we are required to evaluate events and circumstances that may affect the performance of the reporting unit and the extent to which the events and circumstances may impact the future cash flows of the reporting unit to determine whether the fair value of the assets exceed the carrying value. if these assumptions or estimates change in the future, we may be required to record impairment charges for these assets. in response to changes in industry and market conditions, we may be required to strategically realign our resources and consider restructuring, disposing of, or otherwise exiting businesses, which could result in an impairment of goodwill.
we perform goodwill impairment tests annually in the fourth quarter and between annual tests whenever events indicate that an impairment may exist. during 2017, we did not identify any events or changes in circumstances that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of our reporting units below their carrying amounts. therefore, we did not perform any impairment tests other than our annual test in the fourth quarter of 2017. as of the date of our annual goodwill impairment test, we were organized into five reporting units: wholesale - north america, europe, specialty, self service and aviation. our aviation reporting unit resulted from an acquisition of a small wholesale business in north america completed in 2017.
our goodwill would be considered impaired if the net book value of a reporting unit exceeded its estimated fair value. the fair value estimates are established using weightings of the results of a discounted cash flow methodology and a comparative market multiples approach. we believe that using two methods to determine fair value limits the chances of an unrepresentative valuation. as of december 31, 2017, we had a total of $3.5 billion in goodwill subject to future impairment tests. we determined that no adjustments were necessary when we performed our annual impairment testing in the fourth quarter of 2017 on all five reporting units. we noted that the fair value estimate for the aviation reporting unit exceeded the carrying value by less than 10%. this result aligns with our expectations as there has not been a significant change in the value of the business since the acquisition date in march 2017 while we continue to execute our business plan. all other reporting units had a fair value estimate which exceeded the carrying value by at least 25%. if we were required to recognize goodwill impairments, we would report those impairment losses as part of our operating results.
recently issued accounting pronouncements see "recent accounting pronouncements" in note 4, "summary of significant accounting policies" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for information related to new accounting standards.
financial information by geographic area see note 14, "segment and geographic information" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for information related to our revenue and long-lived assets by geographic region.
34
results of operations-consolidated the following table sets forth statements of income data as a percentage of total revenue for the periods indicated:
year ended december 31,
2017                                                                                                                                 2016                                      2015
revenue                                                                     100.0             %                       100.0             %                       100.0             %
cost of goods sold                                                           61.0             %                        61.0             %                        60.6             %
gross margin                                                                 39.0             %                        39.0             %                        39.4             %
facility and warehouse expenses                                               8.2             %                         8.0             %                         7.7             %
distribution expenses                                                         8.1             %                         8.0             %                         8.4             %
selling, general and administrative expenses                                 11.6             %                        11.5             %                        11.5             %
restructuring and acquisition related expenses                                0.2             %                         0.4             %                         0.3             %
depreciation and amortization                                                 2.3             %                         2.2             %                         1.7             %
operating income                                                              8.7             %                         8.9             %                         9.8             %
other expense, net                                                            0.8             %                         1.0             %                         0.8             %
income from continuing operations before provision for income taxes           7.9             %                         7.9             %                         9.0             %
provision for income taxes                                                    2.4             %                         2.6             %                         3.1             %
equity in earnings (loss) of unconsolidated subsidiaries                      0.1             %                        (0.0            )%                        (0.1            )%
income from continuing operations                                             5.5             %                         5.3             %                         5.9             %
net (loss) income from discontinued operations                               (0.1            )%                         0.1             %                           -             %
net income                                                                    5.4             %                         5.4             %                         5.9             %
less: net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest                       (0.0            )%                           -             %                           -             %
net income attributable to lkq stockholders                                   5.5             %                         5.4             %                         5.9             %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016
revenue. the following table summarizes the changes in revenue by category (in thousands):
year ended december 31,                                                                            percentage change in revenue
2017                                                                            2016                 organic             acquisition              foreign exchange              total change parts &amp; services revenue      $9,208,634                      $8,144,645                     4.1       %             9.1       %               (0.1         )%             13.1        %
other revenue                        528,275                         439,386                    19.6       %             0.7       %                0.0          %             20.2        %
total revenue                     $9,736,909                      $8,584,031                     4.9       %             8.7       %               (0.1         )%             13.4        %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
the change in parts and services revenue of 13.1% represented increases in segment revenue of 6.7% in north america, 24.5% in europe, and 6.7% in specialty. the increase in other revenue of 20.2% primarily consisted of an $86 million organic increase in other revenue, which was largely attributable to our north america segment. refer to the discussion of our segment results of operations for factors contributing to the change in revenue by segment during 2017 compared to the prior year.
cost of goods sold. cost of goods sold remained flat at 61.0% of revenue for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016. cost of goods sold decreased 0.3% as a result of our north america segment, primarily related to our salvage operations. offsetting this decrease were roughly equal increases in cost of goods sold in our europe and specialty segments. refer to the discussion of our segment results of operations for factors contributing to the changes in cost of goods sold as a percentage of revenue by segment for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the year ended december 31, 2016.
facility and warehouse expenses. as a percentage of revenue, facility and warehouse expenses increased to 8.2% in 2017 from 8.0% in 2016, primarily as a result of increased personnel costs in our north america segment.
distribution expenses. as a percentage of revenue, distribution expenses increased to 8.1% in 2017 from 8.0% in 2016. the increase reflected a number of individually insignificant fluctuations in distribution expense as a percentage of revenue across all of our segments.
35
selling, general and administrative expenses. our, selling, general and administrative ("sg&a") expenses as a percentage of revenue for the year ended december 31, 2017 increased to 11.6% in 2017 from 11.5% in 2016, primarily as a result of a 0.3% increase attributable to our europe segment. partially offsetting this increase were decreases in sg&a expense as a percentage of revenue in our north america segment and to a lesser extent, our specialty segment. refer to the discussion of our segment results of operations for factors contributing to the changes in sg&a expenses as a percentage of revenue by segment for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the year ended december 31, 2016.
restructuring and acquisition related expenses. the following table summarizes restructuring and acquisition related expenses for the periods indicated (in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2017                                                                                      2016         change restructuring expenses                                    $5,012         (1)     $15,782         (2)   $(10,770      )
acquisition related expenses                              14,660         (3)      21,980         (4)   (7,320        )
total restructuring and acquisition related expenses     $19,672                 $37,762               $(18,090      )
(1)   restructuring expenses for the year ended december 31, 2017 included $2 million, $2 million, and $1 million related to the integration of acquired businesses in our north america, specialty, and europe segments. these integration activities included the closure of duplicate facilities and termination of employees.
(2)   restructuring expenses for the year ended december 31, 2016 included $10 million, $3 million, $2 million related to the integration of acquired businesses in our specialty, north america and europe segments, respectively. these integration activities included the closure of duplicate facilities and termination of employees.
(3)   acquisition related expenses for the year ended december 31, 2017 included $5 million of costs for our acquisition of andrew page, primarily related to legal and other professional fees associated with the cma review. the remaining acquisition related costs for the year ended december 31, 2017 consisted of external costs for completed acquisitions; pending acquisitions as of december 31, 2017, including $4 million related to stahlgruber; and potential acquisitions that were terminated.
(4)   acquisition related expenses for the year ended december 31, 2016 reflect $11 million and $4 million related to the acquisitions of rhiag and pgw autoglass, respectively. the remaining $7 million of expense was related to other completed acquisitions and acquisitions that were pending as of december 31, 2016.
see note 5, "restructuring and acquisition related expenses" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on our restructuring and integration plans.
depreciation and amortization. the following table summarizes depreciation and amortization for the periods indicated (in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2017                                                      2016                              change depreciation                             $117,859                  $107,945            $9,914        (1)
amortization                              101,687                    83,488            18,199        (2)
total depreciation and amortization      $219,546                  $191,433           $28,113
(1)   the increase in depreciation expense primarily reflected increases of $4 million and $2 million for property, plant and equipment recorded for our acquisitions of andrew page and rhiag, respectively. depreciation expense increased in 2017 for andrew page and rhiag primarily due to both acquisitions having a full year of results in 2017 compared to a partial year in 2016 (from acquisition dates of october 4, 2016 and march 18, 2016, respectively, through december 31, 2016). the remaining change primarily reflected increased levels of property, plant and equipment to support our organic related growth.
(2)   the increase primarily reflected incremental amortization expense of (i) $14 million related to intangibles recorded for our acquisition of rhiag and (ii) $3 million related to intangibles recorded for acquisitions within our benelux operations during 2017.
other expense, net. the following table summarizes the components of the year-over-year decrease in other expense, net (in thousands):
36
other expense, net for the year ended december 31, 2016         $86,117
increase (decrease) due to:
interest expense                                                 13,377       (1)
loss on debt extinguishment                                     (26,194   )   (2)
gain on foreign exchange contracts - acquisition related         18,342       (3)
gains on bargain purchases                                        4,337       (4)
interest and other income, net                                  (15,288   )   (5)
net decrease                                                     (5,426   )
other expense, net for the year ended december 31, 2017         $80,691
(1)   additional interest primarily related to borrowings used to fund our acquisitions of rhiag and pgw.
(2)   during the first quarter of 2016, we incurred a $24 million loss on debt extinguishment as a result of our early payment of rhiag debt assumed as part of the acquisition, and we incurred a $3 million loss on debt extinguishment as a result of our january 2016 amendment to our senior secured credit agreement. we incurred an immaterial loss on debt extinguishment as a result of our december 2017 amendment to our senior secured credit agreement.
(3)   in march 2016, we entered into foreign currency forward contracts to acquire a total of €588 million used to fund the purchase price of the rhiag acquisition. the rates under the foreign currency forwards were favorable to the spot rate on the date the funds were drawn to complete the acquisition, and as a result, these derivatives contracts generated a gain of $18 million.
(4)   in october 2016, we acquired andrew page out of receivership. we recorded a gain on bargain purchase of $8 million in the fourth quarter of 2016, as the fair value of the net assets acquired exceeded the purchase price. during the year ended december 31, 2017, we increased the gain on bargain purchase for this acquisition by $2 million as a result of changes to our estimate of the fair value of net assets acquired. we also recorded a gain on bargain purchase for another acquisition in europe completed in the second quarter of 2017.
(5)   interest and other income, net was higher in 2017 primarily due to the impact of foreign currency transaction gains and losses, which had a net $6 million favorable impact compared to the prior year period. this primarily included unrealized gains and losses on foreign currency transactions and unrealized mark-to-market gains and losses on foreign currency forward contracts used to hedge the purchases of inventory in our u.k. operations. additionally, there was a $4 million gain due to a decrease in the fair value of contingent consideration liabilities. the remaining change related to miscellaneous other income.
provision for income taxes. our effective income tax rate was 30.7% for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to 32.6% for the year ended december 31, 2016. the following table summarizes the components of our provision for income taxes for the periods indicated (in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2017                                                                     2016
base provision for income taxes                         $266,403                  $235,355         (1)
excess tax benefits from stock-based payments             (8,000     )             (11,441     )   (2)
u.s. tax reform deferred tax rate adjustment             (72,988     )                   -         (3)
u.s. tax reform transition tax on foreign earnings        50,800                         -         (4)
other discrete items                                        (655     )              (3,348     )
provision for income taxes                              $235,560                  $220,566
(1)   excluding the impact of discrete items, our annual effective tax rate has been close to 35% over the prior two years. we are still evaluating the impact of the tax act on our future u.s. tax liability, but at this time, we expect that the overall impact of the tax act on our effective tax rate will be a decrease in the rate from previous years.
(2)   represents a discrete item for excess tax benefits received upon the exercise of stock options or vesting of rsus.
(3)   represents the provisional estimate of the revaluation of deferred tax assets and liabilities as a result of the tax act which reduced the u.s. federal corporate tax rate.
(4)   represents the provisional estimate of the one-time transition tax on the mandatory deemed repatriation of cumulative foreign earnings as of december 31, 2017 as a result of the tax act.
37
for further discussion of the tax act, see note 13, "income taxes," included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
equity in earnings (loss) of unconsolidated subsidiaries. equity in earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries for the year ended december 31, 2017 primarily related to our investment in mekonomen.
foreign currency impact. we translate our statements of income at the average exchange rates in effect for the period. during the year ended december 31, 2017, the pound sterling rate used to translate the 2017 statements of income declined by 4.9%, while both the canadian dollar rate and euro rate increased by 2.1% compared to the year ended december 31, 2016. the translation effect of the change in these currencies against the u.s. dollar and realized and unrealized currency losses for the year ended december 31, 2017 resulted in a $0.01 negative effect on diluted earnings per share from continuing operations relative to the prior year.
net (loss) income from discontinued operations. during the year ended december 31, 2017 we recorded a loss from discontinued operations, net of tax totaling $7 million, of which $6 million was for the loss on sale of discontinued operations, compared to income from discontinued operations, net of tax totaling $8 million for the year ended december 31, 2016. discontinued operations for 2017 and 2016 represents the automotive glass manufacturing business of pgw, which we acquired in april 2016 and sold on march 1, 2017.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interest. during the year ended december 31, 2017, we allocated a loss of $4 million to the noncontrolling interest of an immaterial subsidiary.
38
year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015
revenue. the following table summarizes the changes in revenue by category (amounts in thousands):
year ended december 31,                                                                            percentage change in revenue
2016                                                                            2015                 organic             acquisition              foreign exchange              total change parts &amp; services revenue      $8,144,645                      $6,713,951                     4.8       %            19.0       %               (2.5         )%             21.3        %
other revenue                        439,386                         478,682                   (11.2      )%             3.1       %               (0.2         )%             (8.2       )%
total revenue                     $8,584,031                      $7,192,633                     3.7       %            18.0       %               (2.4         )%             19.3        %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
the change in parts and services revenue of 21.3% represented increases in segment revenue of 9.9% in north america, 46.4% in europe and 13.5% in specialty. the decrease in other revenue of 8.2% primarily consisted of a $53 million organic decline partially offset by $15 million of acquisition related growth. refer to the discussion of our segment results of operations for factors contributing to revenue change by segment during 2016 compared to the prior year.
cost of goods sold. our cost of goods sold increased to 61.0% of revenue in 2016 from 60.6% of revenue in 2015. the increase in cost of goods sold reflected a negative effect of 0.6% from our rhiag acquisition, which has lower gross margins than our prior year consolidated gross margin. in addition, our cost of goods sold increased 0.2% as a result of mix, as we generated a greater proportion of our revenue in our specialty operations, which has lower gross margins than our prior year consolidated gross margin. these negative impacts were partially offset by lower cost of goods sold as a percentage of revenue of 0.5% primarily related to our self service and wholesale operations in our north america segment. refer to the discussion of our segment results of operations for factors contributing to the changes in cost of goods sold as a percentage of revenue by segment for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the prior year.
facility and warehouse expenses. as a percentage of revenue, facility and warehouse expenses for the year ended december 31, 2016 increased to 8.0% from 7.7% in the prior year. the change in facility and warehouse expenses reflected (i) a 0.3% increase as a percentage of revenue in our north america operations related to a realignment of plant manager responsibilities, which shifted these expenses from selling, general and administrative expenses to facility and warehouse expenses and (ii) a 0.2% increase as a percentage of revenue in our europe operations for branch openings and the addition of facility costs for the partly operational tamworth, england distribution center. these negative impacts were partially offset by a decrease of 0.3% from our acquisition of rhiag, which has lower facility and warehouse expenses as a percentage of revenue than our prior year consolidated facility and warehouse expenses.
distribution expenses. as a percentage of revenue, distribution expenses decreased to 8.0% in 2016 from 8.4% in 2015. the decrease in distribution expense reflected a positive impact of 0.4% from our rhiag acquisition, which has lower distribution expenses as a percentage of revenue than our prior year consolidated distribution expenses.
selling, general and administrative expenses. our sg&a expenses for the year ended december 31, 2016 remained flat compared to the prior year at 11.5% of revenue. sg&a expenses increased 0.2% as a result of our rhiag acquisition, which has higher sg&a expenses than our prior year consolidated sg&a expenses. offsetting this increase was a 0.2% favorable impact from our specialty operations as a result of a decline in personnel costs from the realization of integration synergies, a decrease in bad debt expense and other individually insignificant decreases across various sg&a expense categories. within our north america segment, sg&a personnel expenses were flat as a percentage of revenue, as the decrease in expense as a percentage of revenue related to the realignment of plant manager responsibilities discussed above was offset by increases in other personnel expenses as a percentage of revenue.
restructuring and acquisition related expenses. the following table summarizes restructuring and acquisition related expenses for the periods indicated (in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2016                                                                                      2015                 change restructuring expenses                                   $15,782         (1)     $13,083         (1)      $2,699
acquisition related expenses                              21,980         (2)       6,428         (3)      15,552
total restructuring and acquisition related expenses     $37,762                 $19,511                 $18,251
(1)   restructuring expenses of $10 million, $3 million, $2 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 related to the integration of acquired businesses in our specialty, north america and europe segments, respectively. restructuring expenses of $10 million, $2 million, and $1 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 were primarily related to
39
the integration of acquired businesses in our specialty, north america, and europe segments, respectively. these integration activities included the closure of duplicate facilities and termination of employees.
(2)   acquisition related expenses for the year ended december 31, 2016 reflected $11 million and $4 million related to the acquisitions of rhiag and pgw, respectively. the remaining $7 million of expense was related to other completed acquisitions and acquisitions that were pending as of december 31, 2016.
(3)   acquisition related expenses for the year ended december 31, 2015 included $2 million for our acquisitions of 11 aftermarket parts distribution businesses in the netherlands and $1 million related to our north america and specialty acquisitions during the year. acquisition related expenses also included $3 million for acquisitions that were pending as of december 31, 2015.
see note 5, "restructuring and acquisition related expenses" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on our restructuring and integration plans.
depreciation and amortization. the following table summarizes depreciation and amortization for the periods indicated (in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2016                                                      2015                              change depreciation                             $107,945                   $88,335           $19,610        (1)
amortization                               83,488                    33,785            49,703        (2)
total depreciation and amortization      $191,433                  $122,120           $69,313
(1)   the increase in depreciation expense primarily reflected the depreciation expense for property and equipment related to our acquisitions of rhiag and pgw of $14 million and $2 million, respectively. the remaining change primarily reflected increased levels of property and equipment to support our organic related growth.
(2)   the increase in amortization expense primarily reflected amortization expense for intangible assets related to our acquisitions of rhiag and pgw of $43 million and $8 million, respectively. these increases were partially offset by a decline in accelerated amortization for intangibles recognized in previous years.
other expense, net. the following table summarizes the components of the year-over-year increase in other expense, net (in thousands):
other expense, net for the year ended december 31, 2015         $55,597
increase (decrease) due to:
interest expense                                                 30,403       (1)
loss on debt extinguishment                                      26,650       (2)
gains on foreign exchange contracts - acquisition related       (18,342   )   (3)
gain on bargain purchase                                         (8,207   )   (4)
interest and other income, net                                       16
net increase                                                     30,520
other expense, net for the year ended december 31, 2016         $86,117
(1)   additional interest primarily relates to borrowings used to fund the acquisitions of rhiag and pgw.
(2)   during the first quarter of 2016, we incurred a $24 million loss on debt extinguishment as a result of our early payment of rhiag debt assumed as part of the acquisition, and we incurred a $3 million loss on debt extinguishment as a result of our january 2016 amendment to our senior secured credit agreement.
(3)   in march 2016, we entered into foreign currency forward contracts to acquire a total of €588 million used to fund the purchase price of the rhiag acquisition. the rates under the foreign currency forwards were favorable to the spot rate on the date the funds were drawn to complete the acquisition, and as result, these derivatives contracts generated a gain of $18 million.
(4)   in october 2016, we acquired andrew page out of receivership. the fair value of the net assets acquired exceeded the purchase price, resulting in a gain on bargain purchase of $8 million.
40
provision for income taxes. our effective income tax rate was 32.6% for the year ended december 31, 2016, compared to 33.9% for the year ended december 31, 2015. the lower effective income tax rate reflects an $11 million discrete item in 2016 for excess tax benefits from stock-based payments related to the early adoption of accounting standards update 2016-09, "improvements to employee share-based payment accounting" ("asu 2016-09"). the adoption of asu 2016-09 reduced the effective tax rate by 1.6% compared to the prior year. partially offsetting this, our effective tax rate was negatively impacted by an increase in the proportion of earnings generated in the u.s., which had a higher tax rate than our foreign operations, as well as an increase in nondeductible acquisition related costs, primarily related to our rhiag and pgw acquisitions as well as other potential acquisitions.
equity in earnings (loss) of unconsolidated subsidiaries. during the year ended december 31, 2015, we recorded impairment charges of $2 million related to our equity method investments; no tax benefit was recognized related to these charges. our share of net operating losses in our equity method investments totaled $4 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. with our divestiture of acm parts in february 2016, our share of net operating losses in our equity method investments was nominal for the year ended december 31, 2016. we are reporting our equity in earnings of our investment in mekonomen on a one quarter lag and therefore, no amounts were recorded for this investment during 2016.
foreign currency impact. we translate our statements of income at the average exchange rates in effect for the period. relative to the average rates used in 2015, the pound sterling and canadian dollar rates used to translate the 2016 statements of income declined by 11.3% and 3.5%, respectively; the euro remained flat relative to the u.s dollar during 2016. the translation effect of the decline in the pound sterling and canadian dollar against the u.s. dollar and realized and unrealized currency losses during 2016 resulted in an approximately $0.05 negative effect on diluted earnings per share for continuing operations relative to the prior year.
net (loss) income from discontinued operations. income from discontinued operations, net of tax totaled $8 million in 2016; we had no discontinued operations in the prior year. discontinued operations for 2016 represents the glass manufacturing business of pgw, which was acquired in april 2016. the results include a $20 million, net of tax, impairment charge primarily related to property, plant and equipment that was triggered when the assets were classified as held for sale.
results of operations-segment reporting we have four operating segments: wholesale - north america, europe, specialty and self service. our wholesale - north america and self service operating segments are aggregated into one reportable segment, north america, because they possess similar economic characteristics and have common products and services, customers, and methods of distribution. therefore, we present three reportable segments: north america, europe and specialty.
we have presented the growth of our revenue and profitability in our operations on both an as reported and a constant currency basis. the constant currency presentation, which is a non-gaap measure, excludes the impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. we believe providing constant currency information provides valuable supplemental information regarding our growth and profitability, consistent with how we evaluate our performance, as this statistic removes the translation impact of exchange rate fluctuations, which are outside of our control and do not reflect our operational performance. constant currency revenue and segment ebitda results are calculated by translating prior year revenue and segment ebitda in local currency using the current year's currency conversion rate. this non-gaap financial measure has important limitations as an analytical tool and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for an analysis of our results as reported under gaap. our use of this term may vary from the use of similarly-titled measures by other issuers due to potential inconsistencies in the method of calculation and differences due to items subject to interpretation. in addition, not all companies that report revenue or profitability on a constant currency basis calculate such measures in the same manner as we do, and accordingly, our calculations are not necessarily comparable to similarly-named measures of other companies and may not be appropriate measures for performance relative to other companies.
41
the following table presents our financial performance, including third party revenue, total revenue and segment ebitda, by reportable segment for the periods indicated (in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2017                                                % of total segment revenue                 2016 (1)       % of total segment revenue                 2015 (1)       % of total segment revenue third party revenue north america                  $4,798,901                                               $4,443,886                                                $4,118,286
europe                          3,636,811                                                2,920,470                                                 1,995,385
specialty                       1,301,197                                                1,219,675                                                 1,078,962
total third party revenue      $9,736,909                                               $8,584,031                                                $7,192,633
total revenue north america                  $4,799,651                                               $4,444,625                                                $4,119,121
europe                          3,636,811                                                2,920,470                                                 1,995,455
specialty                       1,305,516                                                1,223,723                                                 1,082,296
eliminations                       (5,069   )                                               (4,787    )                                               (4,239    )
total revenue                  $9,736,909                                               $8,584,031                                                $7,192,633
segment ebitda north america                    $655,275                                13.7%            $589,945                                 13.3%            $540,650                                 13.1%
europe                            319,156                                 8.8%             283,608                                  9.7%             200,563                                 10.1%
specialty                         142,159                                10.9%             131,427                                 10.7%             113,316                                 10.5%
(1)   in the first quarter of 2017, we realigned a portion of our north america operations under our specialty segment. prior year results have been recast to reflect the shift in reporting structure in order to present segment results on a comparable basis.
the key measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by our chief operating decision maker, who is our chief executive officer, is segment ebitda. segment ebitda includes revenue and expenses that are controllable by the segment. corporate general and administrative expenses are allocated to the segments based on usage, with shared expenses apportioned based on the segment's percentage of consolidated revenue. we calculate segment ebitda as ebitda excluding restructuring and acquisition related expenses, change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities, other acquisition related gains and losses and equity in earnings (loss) of unconsolidated subsidiaries. ebitda, which is the basis for segment ebitda, is calculated as net income excluding noncontrolling interest, discontinued operations, depreciation, amortization, interest (which includes loss on debt extinguishment) and income tax expense. see note 14, "segment and geographic information" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for a reconciliation of total segment ebitda to net income from continuing operations attributable to lkq stockholders.
year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016
north america third party revenue. the following table summarizes the changes in third party revenue by category in our north america segment (in thousands):
year ended december 31,                                                                                 percentage change in revenue north america                                  2017                          2016              organic                   acquisition (3)             foreign exchange             total change parts &amp; services revenue      $4,278,531                    $4,009,129                  3.0      %     (1      )       3.6         %               0.1          %             6.7        %
other revenue                        520,370                       434,757                 19.3      %     (2      )       0.4         %               0.0          %            19.7        %
total third party revenue         $4,798,901                    $4,443,886                  4.6      %                     3.2         %               0.1          %             8.0        %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
(1)   organic growth in parts and services revenue was largely attributable to increased sales volumes in our wholesale operations, primarily in our salvage operations and, to a lesser extent, our aftermarket operations. within our salvage
42
operations, the favorable volume impact, which was primarily related to mechanical parts, was a result of refinements to our buying algorithms. also, an emphasis on inventorying more parts off of each car purchased contributed to the increase in the number of parts sold per vehicle. while we were able to increase parts and services revenue over the prior year, we believe the weather conditions in 2017 contributed to a lower growth rate than generated in prior years. organic revenue growth for our north america segment was also negatively affected by one fewer selling day in 2017 compared to 2016; on a per day basis, organic revenue growth was 3.4%.
(2)   the $86 million increase in other revenue primarily related to (i) a $57 million increase in revenue from scrap steel and other metals primarily related to higher prices and, to a lesser extent, increased volumes, year over year and (ii) a $25 million increase in revenue from metals found in catalytic converters (platinum, palladium, and rhodium) primarily due to higher prices, year over year.
(3)   acquisition related growth in 2017 included $92 million, or 2.1%, from our pgw autoglass acquisition. the remainder of our acquired revenue growth reflected revenue from our acquisition of 11 wholesale businesses from the beginning of 2016 up to the one-year anniversary of the acquisition dates.
segment ebitda. segment ebitda increased $65 million, or 11.1%, in 2017 compared to the prior year. sequential increases in scrap steel prices in our salvage and self service operations benefited gross margins and had a favorable impact of $12 million on north america segment ebitda and approximately a $0.03 positive effect on diluted earnings per share. this favorable impact resulted from the increase in scrap steel prices between the date we purchased a vehicle, which influences the price we pay for a vehicle, and the date we scrapped a vehicle, which influences the price we receive for scrapping a vehicle.
the following table summarizes the changes in segment ebitda as a percentage of revenue in our north america segment:
north america                                                                        percentage of total segment revenue segment ebitda for the year ended december 31, 2016                                          13.3                      %
increase (decrease) due to:
change in gross margin                                                                        0.6                      %                    (1)
change in segment operating expenses                                                         (0.3                     )%                    (2)
change in other expense, net                                                                  0.1                      %
segment ebitda for the year ended december 31, 2017                                          13.7                      %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
(1)   the improvement in gross margin reflected a 1.1% favorable impact in our salvage operations, primarily attributable to raising revenue per car by a greater rate than car costs. revenue per car improved due to higher volumes of parts sold per car, which was a result of refinements to our buying algorithms, an emphasis on inventorying more parts off of each car purchased, and an increase in the number of days we hold each car before it is scrapped. this improvement was partially offset by an unfavorable impact of 0.4% attributable to our aftermarket operations. within our aftermarket operations, we experienced a 0.4% decline in gross margin primarily as a result of higher input costs from suppliers as well as decreases in net prices caused by higher customer discounts. the remaining change in gross margin was attributable to individually insignificant fluctuations in gross margin across our other north america operations.
(2)   the increase in segment operating expenses as a percentage of revenue reflected (i) a 0.3% increase in personnel costs, primarily related to facility and warehouse and sg&amp;a and (ii) a 0.2% increase in freight costs driven by higher use of third party freight to handle increased volumes, partially offset by (iii) a 0.2% decrease in segment operating costs attributable to shared pgw corporate expenses incurred during 2016; these costs, which were primarily sg&amp;a costs, ceased being incurred upon the closing of the sale of the glass manufacturing business on march 1, 2017.
43
europe third party revenue. the following table summarizes the changes in third party revenue by category in our europe segment (in thousands):
year ended december 31,                                                                                    percentage change in revenue europe                                          2017                            2016             organic (1)             acquisition (2)              foreign exchange (3)              total change parts &amp; services revenue      $3,628,906                      $2,915,841                     5.3       %              19.8         %                 (0.6           )%             24.5        %
other revenue                          7,905                           4,629                    47.6       %              24.8         %                 (1.6           )%             70.8        %
total third party revenue         $3,636,811                      $2,920,470                     5.3       %              19.8         %                 (0.6           )%             24.5        %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
(1)   parts and services revenue grew organically across all of our aftermarket business units in europe from both existing locations and new branches. in eastern europe and western europe, we added 65 and 23 branches, respectively, since the beginning of the prior year, and organic revenue growth includes revenue from those locations. revenue at our existing locations grew primarily as a result of increased volumes and, to a lesser extent, increased prices. organic revenue growth for our europe segment on a per day basis was 5.7% as there was one fewer selling day in 2017 compared to 2016.
(2)   acquisition related growth for the year ended december 31, 2017 included $216 million, or 7.4%, from our acquisition of rhiag and $141 million, or 4.8%, from our acquisition of andrew page. the remainder of our acquired revenue growth included revenue from our acquisitions of 23 wholesale businesses in our europe segment since the beginning of 2016 through the one-year anniversary of the acquisitions.
(3)   compared to the prior year, exchange rates reduced our revenue growth by $18 million, or 0.6%, primarily due to the stronger u.s. dollar against the pound sterling during 2017 relative to 2016, partially offset by the weaker u.s. dollar against the euro during 2017 relative to 2016.
segment ebitda. segment ebitda increased $36 million, or 12.5%, in 2017 compared to the prior year. our europe segment ebitda included a negative year over year impact of $3 million related to the translation of local currency results into u.s. dollars at lower exchange rates than those experienced during 2016. on a constant currency basis (i.e. excluding the translation impact), segment ebitda increased by $39 million, or 13.7%, compared to the prior year. refer to the foreign currency impact discussion within the results of operations - consolidated section above for further detail regarding foreign currency impact on our results for the year ended december 31, 2017.
the following table summarizes the changes in segment ebitda as a percentage of revenue in our europe segment:
europe                                                                               percentage of total segment revenue segment ebitda for the year ended december 31, 2016                                           9.7                      %
(decrease) increase due to:
change in gross margin                                                                       (0.4                     )%                    (1)
change in segment operating expenses                                                         (0.8                     )%                    (2)
change in other expense, net                                                                  0.3                      %                    (3)
segment ebitda for the year ended december 31, 2017                                           8.8                      %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
(1)   the decline in gross margin was due to (i) a 0.6% decrease due to our u.k. operations primarily as a result of an increase in inventory reserves and incremental costs related to the tamworth distribution facility, which shifted from operating expenses to cost of goods sold when the facility went live, (ii) a 0.3% decrease due to an unfavorable mix impact as a result of generating a higher proportion of our revenue from our rhiag operations, which have lower gross margins than our other europe operations, (iii) a 0.3% decrease due to an acquisition in eastern europe during the year which has lower gross margins than our other europe operations, partially offset by (iv) a 0.6% increase in gross margin in our benelux operations primarily due to increased private label sales, which have higher gross margins, and (v) a 0.2% increase due to a favorable impact related to an increase in supplier rebates as a result of centralized procurement for our europe segment. the remaining change in gross margin was attributable to individually
44
insignificant fluctuations in gross margin across our other europe operations.
(2)   the increase in segment operating expenses as a percentage of revenue reflected (i) an increase of 0.8% in operating expenses as a result of the acquisition of andrew page, which has higher operating expenses as a percentage of revenue than our other europe operations and (ii) an increase of 0.4% in operating expenses in our benelux operations, primarily due to increased personnel costs related to distribution, partially offset by (iii) a 0.2% favorable mix impact due to our acquisition of rhiag, which has lower operating expenses as a percentage of revenue than our other europe operations. the remaining decrease in segment operating expenses reflected a number of individually insignificant fluctuations in operating expenses as a percentage of revenue.
(3)   approximately half of the decrease in other expense, net was due to the impact of foreign currency transaction gains and losses, primarily due to unrealized mark-to-market gains and losses on foreign currency forward contracts used to hedge the purchases of inventory in our u.k. operations, which were favorable in 2017 relative to the prior year. the remaining decrease in other expense, net reflected a number of individually insignificant fluctuations in other expense, net as a percentage of revenue.
specialty third party revenue. the following table summarizes the changes in third party revenue by category in our specialty segment (in thousands):
year ended december 31,                                                                                                              percentage change in revenue specialty                      2017                    2016                                      organic (1)             acquisition (2)              foreign exchange              total change parts &amp; services revenue   $1,301,197                      $1,219,675                        4.7       %               1.9         %                0.1          %              6.7        %
other revenue                  -                               -                                   -       %                 -         %                  -          %                -        %
total third party revenue      $1,301,197                      $1,219,675                        4.7       %               1.9         %                0.1          %              6.7        %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
(1)   organic growth in parts &amp; services revenue was driven by increased sales volumes of truck, towing and rv parts sales. this organic growth was fueled by favorable economic conditions in most of our primary selling regions, as well as increased sales volumes of light trucks and rvs. organic revenue growth for our specialty segment on a per day basis was 5.1%, as there was one fewer selling day in 2017 compared to 2016.
(2)   acquisition related growth in 2017 included $20 million, or 1.7%, from our acquisition of warn. the remainder of our acquired revenue growth reflected revenue from our acquisition of 3 wholesale businesses from the beginning of 2016 up to the one-year anniversary of the acquisition dates.
segment ebitda. segment ebitda increased $11 million, or 8.2%, in 2017 compared to the prior year.
the following table summarizes the changes in segment ebitda as a percentage of revenue in our specialty segment:
specialty                                                                            percentage of total segment revenue segment ebitda for the year ended december 31, 2016                                          10.7                      %
(decrease) increase due to:
change in gross margin                                                                       (0.5                     )%                    (1)
change in segment operating expenses                                                          0.8                      %                    (2)
change in other expense, net                                                                 (0.1                     )%
segment ebitda for the year ended december 31, 2017                                          10.9                      %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
(1)   the decline in gross margin primarily reflected a 0.5% decrease due to higher overhead costs in inventory, which is driven by warehouse costs for two new distribution centers that became fully functional in 2016.
(2)   the decrease in segment operating expenses reflected (i) favorable facility and warehouse expenses of 0.7% primarily related to the integration of coast facilities and (ii) favorable personnel costs of 0.2% in sg&amp;a as a result of synergies realized on the integration of coast facilities.
45
year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015
north america third party revenue. the following table summarizes the changes in third party revenue by category in our north american segment (in thousands):
year ended december 31,                                                                                    percentage change in revenue north america                                   2016                            2015                 organic             acquisition (3)              foreign exchange (4)              total change parts &amp; services revenue      $4,009,129                      $3,643,883                     2.9       %     (1)       7.4         %                 (0.3           )%             10.0        %
other revenue                        434,757                         474,403                   (11.2      )%     (2)       3.0         %                 (0.1           )%             (8.4       )%
total third party revenue         $4,443,886                      $4,118,286                     1.3       %               6.9         %                 (0.2           )%              7.9        %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
(1)   organic growth in parts and services revenue was primarily attributable to favorable pricing. increased pricing in our wholesale operations, primarily in our salvage operations, was a result of shifting our salvage vehicle purchasing to higher quality vehicles, which raised the average revenue per part sold. organic revenue also grew due to increased sales volumes in our wholesale operations resulting from improved fill rates and in-stock rates, as well as increased purchasing levels, which contributed to a greater volume of parts available for sale. the organic growth was partially offset by a negative mix impact as we saw a smaller percentage of sales from high value salvage part types in 2016. organic revenue growth in parts and services was also negatively affected by milder winter weather conditions in north america in the first quarter of 2016, which we believe impacted volume for the rest of the year.
(2)   the $40 million decrease in other revenue primarily relates to (i) a $21 million decline in revenue from metals, such as those found in catalytic converters (platinum, palladium, and rhodium), aluminum wheels, and copper wiring, due to lower prices year over year, (ii) a $13 million reduction due to the sale of our precious metals business late in the second quarter of 2015, and (iii) an $8 million decline in revenue from scrap steel and other metals primarily related to lower prices.
(3)   acquisition related growth in 2016 includes $209 million from our acquisition of pgw autoglass. the remainder of our acquired revenue growth reflects revenue from our acquisition of nine wholesale businesses and a self service retail operation from the beginning of 2015 up to the one year anniversary of the acquisition dates.
(4)   compared to the prior year, exchange rates reduced our revenue growth by 0.2%, primarily due to the strengthening of the u.s. dollar against the canadian dollar compared to the prior year.
segment ebitda. segment ebitda increased $49 million, or 9.1%, in 2016 compared to the prior year. while other revenue decreased from the prior year, sequential increases in scrap steel prices in our salvage and self service operations benefited gross margins and had a favorable impact of $8 million on north america segment ebitda and approximately a $0.02 positive effect on diluted earnings per share. this favorable impact resulted from the increase in scrap steel prices between the date we purchased the car, which influences the price we pay for the car, and the date we scrapped the car, which influences the price we receive for scrapping the vehicle.
the following table summarizes the changes in segment ebitda as a percentage of revenue in our north america segment:
north america                                                                        percentage of total segment revenue segment ebitda for the year ended december 31, 2015                                          13.1                      %
increase (decrease) due to:
change in gross margin                                                                        0.7                      %                    (1)
change in segment operating expenses                                                         (0.6                     )%                    (2)
change in other expense, net                                                                  0.1                      %
segment ebitda for the year ended december 31, 2016                                          13.3                      %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
46
(1)   the improvement in gross margin reflects a 0.8% favorable impact from our self service operations, as car costs decreased by a greater percentage year over year than revenue. within our wholesale operations, we experienced a 0.5% favorable impact on gross margin as a result of procurement initiatives implemented in our aftermarket operations during 2016, which reduced our product costs. partially offsetting these increases was an unfavorable impact of 0.4% related to our acquisition of pgw autoglass, which had lower gross margins than our existing north america operations as a result of a non-recurring inventory step-up adjustment recorded upon acquisition and higher cost products sourced from the glass manufacturing side of the business.
(2)   the increase in segment operating expenses as a percentage of revenue reflects (i) an increase in operating expenses of 0.4% related to our pgw autoglass acquisition, which had higher operating expenses as a percentage of revenue than our existing north america operations as a result of incremental costs related to shared pgw corporate expenses that did not reoccur after the sale of the pgw glass manufacturing business, and (ii) a 0.3% increase in personnel costs as a percentage of revenue. these increases were partially offset by a 0.2% improvement in fuel prices as a percentage of revenue.
europe third party revenue. the following table summarizes the changes in third party revenue by category in our european segment (in thousands):
year ended december 31,                                                                                    percentage change in revenue europe                                          2016                            2015             organic (1)             acquisition (2)              foreign exchange (3)              total change parts &amp; services revenue      $2,915,841                      $1,991,106                     7.2       %              47.1         %                 (7.9           )%             46.4        %
other revenue                          4,629                           4,279                    (0.6      )%              15.7         %                 (7.0           )%              8.2        %
total third party revenue         $2,920,470                      $1,995,385                     7.2       %              47.1         %                 (7.9           )%             46.4        %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
(1)   in our u.k. operations, parts and services revenue grew organically by 8.1%, while in benelux region operations, parts and services revenue grew organically by 4.5%. our organic revenue growth in the u.k., which resulted from higher sales volumes, was composed of a 6.6% increase in revenue from stores open more than 12 months and a 1.5% increase in revenue generated by 21 branch openings since the beginning of the prior year through the one-year anniversary of their respective opening dates. organic revenue growth in our benelux region was primarily due to a favorable mix impact resulting from a shift in sales to higher price products as well as increased prices; organic revenue also grew as a result of an additional selling day in 2016 compared to the prior year.
(2)   acquisition related growth for the year-ended december 31, 2016 includes $848 million from our acquisition of rhiag. the remainder of our acquired revenue growth includes revenue from our acquisitions of 14 distribution companies in the netherlands, 3 wholesale businesses in our u.k. operations, and 3 salvage businesses in sweden since the beginning of 2015 through the one-year anniversary of the acquisitions.
(3)   compared to the prior year, exchange rates reduced our revenue growth by $158 million, or 7.9%, primarily due to the strengthening of the u.s. dollar against the pound sterling relative to 2015.
segment ebitda. segment ebitda increased $83 million, or 41.4%, in 2016 compared to the prior year. our rhiag acquisition contributed $94 million to segment ebitda in 2016, while our andrew page acquisition generated a loss of $5 million. our europe segment ebitda includes a negative year over year impact of $18 million related to the translation of local currency results into u.s. dollars at lower exchange rates than those experienced during 2015. on a constant currency basis (i.e. excluding the translation impact), segment ebitda increased by $101 million, or 50.2%, compared to the prior year. refer to the foreign currency impact discussion within the results of operations - consolidated section above for further detail regarding foreign currency impact on our results for the year ended december 31, 2016.
the following table summarizes the changes in segment ebitda as a percentage of revenue in our europe segment:
47
europe                                                                               percentage of total segment revenue segment ebitda for the year ended december 31, 2015                                          10.1                      %
(decrease) increase due to:
change in gross margin                                                                       (1.1                     )%                    (1)
change in segment operating expenses                                                          0.8                      %                    (2)
change in other expense, net                                                                 (0.1                     )%
segment ebitda for the year ended december 31, 2016                                           9.7                      %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
(1)   the decrease in gross margin reflects a 1.3% decline in gross margin due to the acquisition of rhiag, which has lower gross margins than our other europe operations.
(2)   the decrease in segment operating expenses as a percentage of revenue reflects (i) a decrease of 1.8% in operating expenses as a result of the acquisition of rhiag, which has lower operating expenses as a percentage of revenue than our other europe operations and (ii) a 0.3% decrease in distribution expenses in our u.k. operations due to reduced personnel costs. partially offsetting these decreases were (i) an increase in facility and warehouse expenses of 0.8% from a 0.5% increase primarily related to the opening of 21 new branches and 6 new hubs since the prior year and 0.3% related to the addition of facility and personnel costs for the tamworth distribution facility, and (ii) an increase of 0.3% in operating expenses as a result of the acquisition of andrew page, which has higher operating expenses as a percentage of revenue than our other europe operations. while we had closed the andrew page acquisition and were consolidating its results, we were not permitted to integrate this acquisition with our existing u.k. operations until we received approval from the u.k. competition and markets authority, which concluded its approval process in october 2017.
specialty third party revenue. the following table summarizes the changes in third party revenue by category in our specialty segment (in thousands):
year ended december 31,                                                                                                                  percentage change in revenue specialty                      2016                    2015                                      organic (1)             acquisition (2)              foreign exchange (3)              total change parts &amp; services revenue   $1,219,675                      $1,078,962                        6.7       %               6.6         %                 (0.3           )%             13.0        %
other revenue                  -                               -                                   -       %                 -         %                    -            %                -        %
total third party revenue      $1,219,675                      $1,078,962                        6.7       %               6.6         %                 (0.3           )%             13.0        %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
(1)   organic growth in specialty parts and services revenue reflects an increase in service levels throughout north america as we continued to expand the breadth and depth of our inventory offerings and added delivery capacity to our integrated distribution network to allow us to realize synergies associated with the integration of coast. through most of 2016, we also saw growth from favorable macro trends and economic conditions, which increased consumer discretionary spending on automotive and recreational vehicle parts and accessories.
(2)   acquisition related growth reflects the impact of the coast acquisition on august 19, 2015 through the one year anniversary of the acquisition.
(3)   compared to the prior year, exchange rates reduced our revenue growth by $3 million, or 0.3%, primarily due to the strengthening of the u.s dollar against the canadian dollar relative to 2015.
48
segment ebitda. segment ebitda increased $18 million, or 16.0%, in 2016 compared to the prior year.
the following table summarizes the changes in segment ebitda as a percentage of revenue in our specialty segment:
specialty                                                                            percentage of total segment revenue segment ebitda for the year ended december 31, 2015                                          10.5                      %
(decrease) increase due to:
change in gross margin                                                                       (0.8                     )%                    (1)
change in segment operating expenses                                                          1.0                      %                    (2)
segment ebitda for the year ended december 31, 2016                                          10.7                      %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
(1)   the decline in gross margin reflects (i) a 0.4% unfavorable impact due to customer volume rebates which have increased along with sales volume, (ii) a 0.3% increase in inventory costs, which were higher due to the stocking of two distribution centers, one of which was not yet operational in the prior year period and one which became operational in the fourth quarter of 2015, and (iii) a decrease in advertising credits of 0.3% due to higher purchase volume in 2015 from the initial stocking of those two new distribution centers. these negative effects were partially offset by a 0.4% improvement due to coast related freight synergies as more volume went through the existing specialty network.
(2)   the decrease in segment operating expenses reflects a favorable 0.9% reduction in selling, general and administrative expenses primarily related to (i) a 0.3% decline in personnel costs from the realization of integration synergies, (ii) lower bad debt expense of 0.2% due to increased collection efforts and (iii) individually insignificant decreases across various selling, general and administrative expense categories totaling 0.4%. favorable distribution expenses of 0.2% due to lower fuel and freight costs were offset by an increase in facilities and warehouse expense primarily related to the higher cost of coast facilities as well as the addition of two new distribution centers.
49
liquidity and capital resources the following table summarizes liquidity data as of the dates indicated (in thousands):
december 31, 2017       december 31, 2016
cash and cash equivalents                                                                    $279,766                $227,400
total debt (1)                                                                              3,428,280               3,365,687
current maturities (2)                                                                        129,184                  68,414
capacity under credit facilities (3)                                                        2,850,000               2,550,000
availability under credit facilities (3)                                                    1,395,081               1,019,112
total liquidity (cash and cash equivalents plus availability under credit facilities)       1,674,847               1,246,512
(1)   debt amounts reflect the gross values to be repaid (excluding debt issuance costs of $24 million as of december 31, 2017 and 2016).
(2)   debt amounts reflect the gross values to be repaid (excluding debt issuance costs of $3 million and $2 million as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively).
(3)   capacity under credit facilities includes our revolving credit facilities and our receivables securitization facility. availability under credit facilities is reduced by our letters of credit.
we assess our liquidity in terms of our ability to fund our operations and provide for expansion through both internal development and acquisitions. our primary sources of liquidity are cash flows from operations and our credit facilities. we utilize our cash flows from operations to fund working capital and capital expenditures, with the excess amounts going towards funding acquisitions or paying down outstanding debt. as we have pursued acquisitions as part of our growth strategy, our cash flows from operations have not always been sufficient to cover our investing activities. to fund our acquisitions, we have accessed various forms of debt financing, including revolving credit facilities, senior notes, and a receivables securitization facility.
as of december 31, 2017, we had debt outstanding and additional available sources of financing as follows:
•   senior secured credit facilities maturing in january 2023, composed of term loans totaling $750 million ($705 million outstanding at december 31, 2017) and $2.75 billion in revolving credit ($1.3 billion outstanding at december 31, 2017), bearing interest at variable rates (although a portion of this debt is hedged through interest rate swap contracts), reduced by $71 million of amounts outstanding under letters of credit
•   u.s. notes (2023) totaling $600 million, maturing in may 2023 and bearing interest at a 4.75% fixed rate
•   euro notes (2024) totaling $600 million (€500 million), maturing in april 2024 and bearing interest at a 3.875% fixed rate
•   receivables securitization facility with availability up to $100 million ($100 million outstanding as of december 31, 2017), maturing in november 2019 and bearing interest at variable commercial paper rates from time to time, we may undertake financing transactions to increase our available liquidity, such as our december 2017 and january 2016 amendments to our senior secured credit facilities, the issuance of €500 million of euro notes (2024) in april 2016, and the november 2016 amendment to our receivables securitization facility. our financing structure, which includes our senior secured credit facilities, senior notes, and receivables securitization facility, provides financial flexibility to execute our long-term growth strategy. if we see an attractive acquisition opportunity, we have the ability to use our revolver to move quickly and have certainty of funding up to the amount of our then-available liquidity.
as of december 31, 2017, we had approximately $1.4 billion available under our credit facilities. combined with approximately $280 million of cash and cash equivalents at december 31, 2017, we had approximately $1.7 billion in available liquidity, an increase of $428 million over our available liquidity as of december 31, 2016. the increase in available liquidity in 2017 is primarily attributable to the net proceeds from the sale of the glass manufacturing business in march for $301 million and the december 2017 amendment to the credit facility, which increased availability by $300 million.
in december 2017, we signed a definitive agreement to acquire stahlgruber for an enterprise value of €1.5 billion. we intend to finance the acquisition with the proceeds from planned debt offerings, borrowings under our existing revolving credit
50
facility and the direct issuance to stahlgruber's owner of 8,055,569 newly issued shares of lkq common stock. the timing of the borrowings and the amounts to be drawn from debt offerings and the revolver are to be determined and will depend on the timing of the expected closing of the transaction and market conditions at such time.
we believe that our current liquidity and cash expected to be generated by operating activities in future periods will be sufficient to meet our current operating and capital requirements, although such sources may not be sufficient for future acquisitions depending on their size. while we believe that we have adequate capacity, from time to time we may need to raise additional funds through public or private financing, strategic relationships or other arrangements, as noted above regarding the pending stahlgruber transaction. there can be no assurance that additional funding, or refinancing of our credit facilities, if needed, will be available on terms attractive to us, or at all. furthermore, any additional equity financing may be dilutive to stockholders, and debt financing, if available, may involve restrictive covenants or higher interest costs. our failure to raise capital if and when needed could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results, and financial condition.
borrowings under the credit agreement accrue interest at variable rates which are tied to the london interbank offered rate ("libor") or the canadian dollar offered rate ("cdor"), depending on the currency and the duration of the borrowing, plus an applicable margin rate which is subject to change quarterly based on our reported leverage ratio. we hold interest rate swaps to hedge the variable rates on a portion of our credit agreement borrowings, with the effect of fixing the interest rates on the respective notional amounts. in addition, in 2016, we entered into cross currency swaps that contain an interest rate swap component and a foreign currency forward contract component that, when combined with related intercompany financing arrangements, effectively convert variable rate u.s. dollar-denominated borrowings into fixed rate euro-denominated borrowings. these derivative transactions are described in note 10, "derivative instruments and hedging activities" to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k. after giving effect to these contracts, the weighted average interest rate on borrowings outstanding under our credit agreement at december 31, 2017 was 2.2%. including our senior notes and the borrowings on our receivables securitization program, our overall weighted average interest rate on borrowings was 3.0% at december 31, 2017.
cash interest payments were $96 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, including $50 million in semi-annual interest payments as a result of our u.s. notes (2023) and our euro notes (2024). interest payments on our u.s. notes (2023) are made in may and november, and interest payments on our euro notes (2024) are scheduled for april and october.
we had outstanding credit agreement borrowings of $2.0 billion and $2.1 billion at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. of these amounts, $18 million and $37 million was classified as current maturities at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
the scheduled maturities of long-term obligations outstanding at december 31, 2017 are as follows (in thousands):
years ending december 31:
2018        $129,184
2019         146,262
2020          40,087
2021          38,033
2022          36,769
thereafter       3,037,945
total debt (1)      $3,428,280
(1)   the total debt amounts presented above reflect the gross values to be repaid (excluding debt issuance costs of $24 million as of december 31, 2017).
our credit agreement contains customary covenants that provide limitations and conditions on our ability to enter into certain transactions. the credit agreement also contains financial and affirmative covenants, including limitations on our net leverage ratio and a minimum interest coverage ratio. we were in compliance with all restrictive covenants under our credit agreement as of december 31, 2017.
as of december 31, 2017, the company had cash and cash equivalents of $280 million, of which $220 million was held by foreign subsidiaries. in general it has been our practice and intention to permanently reinvest the undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries, and that position has not changed following the enactment of the tax act and the related imposition of the transition tax. beginning in 2018, distributions of dividends from our foreign subsidiaries will be generally exempt from further u.s. taxation, either as a result of the new 100% participation exemption under the tax act, or due to the previous taxation of foreign earnings under the transition tax. we are still evaluating whether the tax act will affect the company's existing policy to indefinitely reinvest unremitted foreign earnings.
51
we believe that we have sufficient cash flow and liquidity to meet our financial obligations in the u.s. without resorting to repatriation of foreign earnings. as a result of the tax act, we expect to have significantly lower income tax payments in 2018 due to the lower tax rate and the immediate deduction of capital expenditures, partially offset by the first payment with respect to the transition tax.
year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016
the procurement of inventory is the largest operating use of our funds. we normally pay for aftermarket product purchases at the time of shipment or on standard payment terms, depending on the manufacturer and the negotiated payment terms. we normally pay for salvage vehicles acquired at salvage auctions and under direct procurement arrangements at the time that we take possession of the vehicles.
the following table sets forth a summary of our aftermarket and manufactured inventory procurement for 2017 and 2016 (in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2017                                 2016                                     change north america      $1,367,600                $1,198,556                $169,044        (1)
europe              2,355,300                 2,012,804                 342,496        (2)
specialty           1,006,600                   934,119                  72,481        (3)
total              $4,729,500                $4,145,479                $584,021
(1)   in north america, aftermarket purchases during the year ended december 31, 2017 increased compared to the prior year as we decided to expand our inventory as a result of procurement initiatives to support growth across our operations. the remaining increase is primarily as a result of our acquisition of pgw autoglass in april 2016, which added incremental purchases of $72 million in 2017.
(2)   in our europe segment, the increase in purchases during the year ended december 31, 2017 is primarily related to our acquisition of rhiag in march 2016, which added incremental purchases of $181 million in 2017. purchases for our u.k. operations increased in 2017 compared to the prior year primarily as a result of our acquisition of andrew page in october 2016, which added incremental purchases of $107 million in 2017, partially offset by the devaluation of the pound sterling in 2017 compared to the prior year. purchases for our benelux operations increased by $71 million in 2017 compared to the prior year primarily as a result of our acquisition of the aftermarket parts distribution businesses in belgium in july 2017, which had purchases of $46 million in 2017. the remaining increase in our benelux operations was primarily due to incremental inventory purchases to achieve supplier purchase rebates.
(3)   the increase in specialty inventory purchases during 2017 compared to the prior year is primarily due to increased sales volumes for truck, towing and rv parts. additionally, the acquisition of warn in november 2017 added incremental purchases of $11 million, which includes purchases of aftermarket inventory and raw materials used in the manufacturing of specialty products.
the following table sets forth a summary of our global salvage and self service procurement for 2017 and 2016 (in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2017                                                                 2016           % change north america wholesale salvage cars and trucks   310            291              6.5      %   (1)
europe wholesale salvage cars and trucks           25             23              8.7      %
self service and "crush only" cars                542            524              3.4      %   (2)
(1)   the number of salvage cars and trucks purchased during the year ended december 31, 2017 increased primarily due to a decision to increase the number of salvage cars and trucks dismantled compared to the prior year.
(2) with the increase in scrap prices compared to the prior year period, we have increased the number of self service and "crush only" vehicles purchased.
52
the following table summarizes the components of the year-over-year decrease in cash provided by operating activities (in millions):
net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended december 31, 2016      $635
increase (decrease) due to: (1)
discontinued operations                                                              (68   )   (2)
operating income                                                                      84       (3)
non-cash depreciation and amortization expense                                        32       (4)
cash paid for taxes                                                                  (43   )   (5)
cash paid for interest                                                               (10   )   (6)
working capital accounts: (7)
inventory                                                                           (133   )   (8)
accounts payable                                                                       8
accounts receivable                                                                   27
other operating activities                                                           (13   )   (9)
net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended december 31, 2017      $519
(1)   other than discontinued operations, the amounts presented represent increases (decreases) in operating cash flows attributable to our continuing operations only.
(2)   represents the change in cash flows for our glass manufacturing business, which was acquired in april 2016 and disposed of on march 1, 2017.
(3)   during 2017, our operating income increased compared to the prior year due to both acquisition related growth and organic growth.
(4)   non-cash depreciation and amortization expense increased compared to the prior year as discussed in the results of operations - consolidated section.
(5)   cash paid for taxes increased during 2017 compared to the prior year as a result of growth in the business from both organic growth and acquisitions, and the timing of tax payments.
(6)   cash paid for interest increased compared to the prior year primarily as a result of interest payments related to our euro notes (2024), which were issued in april 2016. in the prior year, we made one semi-annual interest payment related to these notes, whereas in 2017 we made two semi-annual interest payments.
(7)   cash flows related to our primary working capital accounts can be volatile as the purchases, payments and collections can be timed differently from period to period and can be influenced by factors outside of our control. however, we expect that the net change in these working capital items will generally be a cash outflow as we expect to grow our business each year.
(8)   the period over period increase in cash outflows for inventory was primarily related to our north america segment as described in the procurement section above.
(9)   reflects a number of individually insignificant fluctuations in cash paid for other operating activities.
net cash used in investing activities totaled $385 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to $1.7 billion in 2016. we invested $513 million of cash, net of cash acquired, in business acquisitions during 2017 compared to $1.3 billion in 2016, which included $601 million for our rhiag acquisition and $662 million for our pgw acquisition. we received proceeds from the sale of our glass manufacturing business totaling $301 million in 2017; no such proceeds were received in 2016. we paid $8 million for investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries in 2017, compared to cash payments of $186 million in 2016, primarily related to our investment in mekonomen. in 2016, we entered into foreign currency contracts to fund the purchase price of the rhiag acquisition, which generated $18 million of cash proceeds; we had no such contracts in the current year period. property, plant and equipment purchases were $179 million in the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to $207 million in the prior year. the period over period decrease in cash outflows for purchases of property, plant and equipment was primarily related to our discontinued operations (down $21 million compared to the prior year), europe and specialty segments, partially offset by an increase in our north america segment.
53
net cash used in financing activities totaled $113 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to $1.2 billion provided by financing activities during 2016. during 2017, net repayments under our credit facilities totaled $135 million, as we used the proceeds from the sale of our glass manufacturing business and cash flows from operations to repay outstanding revolver borrowings; during 2016, we had net borrowings of $1.3 billion primarily to fund our acquisitions. in april 2016, we issued the euro notes (2024) generating proceeds of $563 million. the proceeds from the euro notes (2024) were used to repay a portion of the borrowings on the revolving credit facility. additionally, we repaid $543 million of rhiag acquired debt and debt related liabilities during 2016. in connection with our december 2017 amendment of our credit facilities, we paid $4 million of debt issuance costs; in 2016, we paid $17 million of debt issuance costs related to our january and december 2016 amendments of our credit facilities, our april 2016 issuance of the euro notes (2024), and our november 2016 amendment to our receivables securitization facility. there were $18 million of cash proceeds from other debt in 2017, compared to $33 million in 2016. cash provided by other financing activities totaled $7 million in 2017, primarily as a result of proceeds from the sale of noncontrolling interest; no such activity occurred in 2016.
we intend to continue to evaluate markets for potential growth through the internal development of distribution centers, processing and sales facilities, and warehouses, through further integration of our facilities, and through selected business acquisitions. our future liquidity and capital requirements will depend upon numerous factors, including the costs and timing of our internal development efforts and the success of those efforts, the costs and timing of expansion of our sales and marketing activities, and the costs and timing of future business acquisitions.
54
year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015
the following table sets forth a summary of our aftermarket inventory procurement for 2016 and 2015 (in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2016                                 2015                                       change north america      $1,198,556                $1,023,400                  $175,156        (1)
europe              2,012,804                 1,143,668                   869,136        (2)
specialty             934,119                   776,611                   157,508        (3)
total              $4,145,479                $2,943,679                $1,201,800
(1)   in north america, aftermarket purchases for the year increased primarily as a result of incremental purchases of $141 million related to our april 2016 acquisition of pgw autoglass. additionally, north america aftermarket inventory purchases increased as a result of our july 2015 acquisition of parts channel coupled with lower purchase levels in the first quarter of 2015 due to accelerated purchases in the fourth quarter of 2014 in anticipation of potential labor issues at west coast ports in the united states.
(2)   in our europe segment, the increase in purchases was primarily due to our acquisition of rhiag in march 2016, which added incremental purchases of $710 million during 2016. purchases for our u.k. operations increased in 2016 compared to the prior year primarily as a result of 21 branch openings since the beginning of the prior year and incremental inventory purchases to stock the tamworth, england national distribution center. purchases in our netherlands operations increased as a result of organic and acquisition related growth. these increases were partially offset by the devaluation of the pound sterling in 2016 compared to the prior year.
(3)   the increase in specialty aftermarket purchases was primarily due to (i) accelerated inventory purchases to stock two new distribution centers during the first quarter of 2016, (ii) additional purchases to support the increased sales volume as a result of the coast acquisition, and (iii) additional inventory purchases in 2016 due to stronger than anticipated sales volumes as a result of our annual trade shows.
manufacturing inventory purchases related to our discontinued operations totaled $398 million during 2016, and consisted of raw materials used in pgw's manufacturing and fabrication of automotive glass products.
the following table sets forth a summary of our global salvage and self service procurement for 2016 and 2015 (in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2016                                                                 2015           % change north america wholesale salvage cars and trucks   291            290              0.3      %
europe wholesale salvage cars and trucks           23             20             15.0      %
self service and "crush only" cars                524            471             11.3      %   (1)
(1)   compared to the prior year, we increased our purchase of lower cost self service and "crush only" cars in 2016 as prices for vehicles came down in certain markets due to the decline in the prices of scrap and other metals, allowing us to purchase higher quality vehicles at favorable prices.
55
the following table summarizes the components of the year-over-year increase in cash provided by operating activities (in millions):
net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended december 31, 2015      $544
increase (decrease) due to: (1)
discontinued operations                                                               64       (2)
income from continuing operations before provision for income taxes                   28       (3)
non-cash depreciation and amortization expense                                        70       (4)
cash paid for taxes                                                                  (37   )   (5)
working capital accounts: (6)
accounts receivable                                                                  (80   )   (7)
inventory                                                                             17       (8)
accounts payable                                                                      21       (9)
other operating activities                                                             8
net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended december 31, 2016      $635
(1)   other than discontinued operations, the amounts presented represent increases (decreases) in operating cash flows attributable to our continuing operations only.
(2)   represents cash flows for our glass manufacturing business, which was acquired in april 2016.
(3)   during 2016, our operating income increased compared to the prior year due to both acquisition related growth and organic growth.
(4)   non-cash depreciation and amortization expense increased compared to the prior year primarily as a result of our rhiag and pgw acquisitions.
(5)   cash paid for taxes increased during 2016 compared to the prior year as a result of growth in the business, primarily related to our rhiag acquisition.
(6)   cash flows related to our primary working capital accounts can be volatile as the purchases, payments and collections can be timed differently from period to period and can be influenced by factors outside of our control. however, we expect that the net change in these working capital items will generally be a cash outflow as we expect to grow our business each year.
(7)   the increase in cash outflows for accounts receivable is primarily related to our u.k. operations as a result of increased sales; the remaining increase primarily related to our specialty operations, which experienced larger growth in receivables balances during 2016 than the prior year period from organic and acquisition revenue growth.
(8)   compared to the prior year, cash outflows related to inventory declined primarily as a result of our north america and specialty operations. this was partially offset by inventory growth in our u.k. operations as a result of incremental inventory purchases to stock new branches and the tamworth, england national distribution center.
(9)   accounts payable represented a $17 million cash inflow in 2016 compared to a $4 million cash outflow in the prior year. the increase is primarily related to a rise in the payables balance in our u.k. operations, partially offset by a decline in the payables balance in our north america and rhiag operations due to the timing of payments.
net cash used in investing activities totaled $1.7 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016, compared to $330 million in 2015. we invested $1.3 billion of cash, net of cash acquired, in business acquisitions during 2016, which included $601 million for our rhiag acquisition and $662 million for our pgw acquisition, compared to $161 million for business acquisitions in 2015. property and equipment purchases were $207 million in the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $170 million in the prior year. purchases of property and equipment increased over the prior period primarily as a result of $24 million of purchases in our discontinued operations and a $20 million increase in our north america segment. in 2016, we paid $186 million for investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries, primarily related to our investment in mekonomen; payments for investments in consolidated subsidiaries were $10 million in 2015. in 2016, we entered into foreign currency contracts to fund the purchase price of the rhiag acquisition, which generated $18 million of gains; we had no such contracts in the prior year. during 2016, cash provided by other investing activities, net was $14 million, primarily from the
56
proceeds on the sale of our interest in our australian joint venture, compared to $11 million in 2015 primarily as a result of proceeds from disposals of fixed assets.
net cash provided by financing activities totaled $1.2 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016, compared to net cash used in financing activities of $239 million in 2015. during 2016, net borrowings under our credit facilities were $1.3 billion compared to net repayments of $187 million in 2015. the increase in borrowings during 2016 is primarily the result of borrowings under our multi-currency revolving credit facility in order to fund the acquisitions of rhiag and pgw and investment in mekonomen and repay $543 million of rhiag acquired debt and debt related liabilities. the increase in borrowings during 2016 also reflects our 2016 amendments of our credit facilities, which generated $339 million in additional term loan borrowings, a portion of which was used to repay outstanding revolver borrowings. in april 2016, we issued the euro notes (2024), generating proceeds of $563 million. the proceeds from the euro notes (2024) were used to repay a portion of the borrowings on the revolving credit facility. in connection with our january and december 2016 amendments of our credit facilities, our april 2016 issuance of the euro notes (2024), and our november 2016 amendment to our receivables securitization facility, we paid $17 million of debt issuance costs during 2016; debt issuance costs incurred in the prior year were minimal.
off-balance sheet arrangements and future commitments we do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements or undisclosed borrowings or debt that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to item 303 of regulation s-k under the securities exchange act of 1934. additionally, we do not have any synthetic leases.
the following table represents our future commitments under contractual obligations as of december 31, 2017 (in millions):
total (6)            less than 1 year               1-3 years             3-5 years           more than 5 years contractual obligations long-term debt (1)                   $3,982.0                    $232.6                    $389.2                $276.1                  $3,084.1
capital lease obligations (2)            20.3                       5.2                       7.3                   2.3                       5.5
operating leases (3)                  1,357.1                     235.8                     347.5                 210.9                     562.9
purchase obligations (4)                678.2                     478.2                     200.0                     -                         -
other long-term obligations (5)         324.8                     156.2                      68.1                  19.3                      81.2
total                                $6,362.4                  $1,108.0                  $1,012.1                $508.6                  $3,733.7
(1)   our long-term debt under contractual obligations above includes interest of $572 million on the balances outstanding as of december 31, 2017. the long-term debt balance excludes debt issuance costs, as these expenses have already been paid. interest on our senior notes, notes payable, and other long-term debt is calculated based on the respective stated rates. interest on our variable rate credit facilities is calculated based on the weighted average rates, including the impact of interest rate swaps through their respective expiration dates, in effect for each tranche of borrowings as of december 31, 2017. future estimated interest expense for the next year, one to three years, and three to five years is $108 million, $210 million and $203 million, respectively. estimated interest expense beyond five years is $51 million.
(2)   interest on capital lease obligations of $10 million is included based on incremental borrowing or implied rates. future estimated interest expense for the next year is less than $1 million, while future estimated interest expense for both the next one to three years and three to five years is $1 million. estimated interest expense beyond five years is $8 million.
(3)   the operating lease payments above do not include certain tax, insurance and maintenance costs, which are also required contractual obligations under our operating leases but are generally not fixed and can fluctuate from year to year.
(4)   our purchase obligations include open purchase orders for aftermarket inventory.
(5)   our other long-term obligations consist of estimated payments for our self insurance reserves of $87 million, outstanding letters of credit of $71 million, and outstanding estimated payments of $51 million on the repatriation of earnings as a result of the tax act, with the remaining $116 million representing primarily other asset purchase commitments and payments for deferred compensation and pension plans.
57
additionally, in december 2017, we signed a definitive agreement to acquire stahlgruber from stahlgruber otto gruber ag, for an enterprise value of €1.5 billion. we will be required to pay a break fee of approximately €75 million if the acquisition of stahlgruber is not completed. the transaction is expected to be completed in the first half of 2018 and is subject to regulatory approvals. neither the cash purchase price nor the break fee are included in the table above.
58
