item 1a.    risk factors.
forward-looking statements we make forward-looking statements in management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations and elsewhere in this report based on the beliefs and assumptions of our management and on information currently available to us. forward-looking statements include information about our possible or assumed future results of operations, which follow under the headings "business and overview," "liquidity and capital resources," and other statements throughout this report preceded by, followed by, or that include the words "believes," "expects," "anticipates," "intends," "plans," "estimates," or similar expressions.
any number of risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those we express in our forward-looking statements, including the risks and uncertainties we describe below and other factors we describe from time to time in our periodic filings with the u.s. securities and exchange commission (the "sec"). we therefore caution you not to rely unduly on any forward-looking statement. the forward-looking statements in this report speak only as of the date of this
10
report, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether due to new information, future developments, or otherwise.
risks and uncertainties we are subject to various risks that could have a negative effect on us or on our financial condition. you should understand that these risks could cause results to differ materially from those we express in forward-looking statements contained in this report or in other company communications. because there is no way to determine in advance whether, or to what extent, any present uncertainty will ultimately impact our business, you should give equal weight to each of the following:
our industry is highly competitive, which may impact our ability to compete successfully with other hotel properties and home and apartment sharing services for guests. we operate in markets that contain many competitors. each of our hotel brands competes with major hotel chains and home and apartment sharing services in national and international venues, and with independent companies in regional markets. our ability to remain competitive and attract and retain business and leisure travelers depends on our success in distinguishing the quality, value, and efficiency of our lodging products and services, including our loyalty programs and consumer-facing technology platforms and services, from those offered by others. if we cannot compete successfully in these areas, our operating margins could contract, our market share could decrease, and our earnings could decline. further, new lodging supply in individual markets could have a negative impact on the hotel industry and hamper our ability to increase room rates or occupancy in those markets.
economic downturns could impact our financial results and growth. weak economic conditions in one or more parts of the world, changes in oil prices and currency values, potential disruptions in the u.s. economy generally and the travel business in particular that might result from the u.s. administration's changing policies in such areas as trade, travel, immigration, healthcare, and related issues, political instability in some areas, and the uncertainty over how long any of these conditions could continue, could have a negative impact on the lodging industry. u.s. government travel is also a significant part of our business, and this aspect of our business could suffer due to u.s. federal spending cuts, or government hiring restrictions and any further limitations that may result from presidential or congressional action or inaction. because of such uncertainty, we continue to experience weakened demand for our hotel rooms in some markets. our future financial results and growth could be further harmed or constrained if economic or these other conditions worsen.
risks relating to our integration of starwood the continued diversion of resources and management's attention to the integration of starwood could still adversely affect our day-to-day business. while the integration of starwood is well underway, it places a significant burden on our management and internal resources and will continue to do so for some time. the diversion of management's attention away from day-to-day business concerns and any difficulties we encounter as the integration process continues could adversely affect our financial results.
some of the anticipated benefits of combining starwood and marriott may still not be realized. we decided to acquire starwood with the expectation that the starwood combination will result in various benefits, including, among other things, operating efficiencies. although we have already achieved some of those anticipated benefits, others remain subject to several uncertainties, including whether we can continue to effectively and efficiently integrate the starwood business and whether, and on what terms, we can reach agreement with the timeshare companies with whom we do business to allow us to move to a single unified reservation system and loyalty platform.
integration could also take longer than we anticipate and involve unexpected costs. disruptions of each legacy company's ongoing businesses, processes, and systems could adversely affect the combined company. we also may still encounter difficulties harmonizing our different reservations and other systems and business practices as the integration process continues. because of these or other factors, we cannot assure you when or that we will be able to fully realize additional benefits from the starwood combination in the form of eliminating duplicative costs, or achieving other operating efficiencies, cost savings, or benefits.
risks relating to our business operational risks premature termination of our management or franchise agreements could hurt our financial performance. our hotel management and franchise agreements may be subject to premature termination in certain circumstances, such as the bankruptcy of a hotel owner or franchisee, or a failure under some agreements to meet specified financial or performance criteria that are subject to the risks described in this section, which we fail or elect not to cure. some courts have also applied agency law principles and related fiduciary standards to managers of third-party hotel properties, including us (or have
11
interpreted hotel management agreements to be "personal services contracts"). this means, among other things, that property owners may assert the right to terminate management agreements even where the agreements provide otherwise, and some courts have upheld such assertions about our management agreements and may do so in the future. if terminations occur for these or other reasons, we may need to enforce our right to damages for breach of contract and related claims, which may cause us to incur significant legal fees and expenses. any damages we ultimately collect could be less than the projected future value of the fees and other amounts we would have otherwise collected under the management agreement. a significant loss of agreements due to premature terminations could hurt our financial performance or our ability to grow our business.
our lodging operations are subject to global, regional, and national conditions. because we conduct our business on a global platform, changes in global and regional economies impact our activities. in recent years, decreases in travel resulting from weak economic conditions and the heightened travel security measures resulting from the threat of further terrorism have hurt our business. our future performance could be similarly affected by the economic and political environment in each of our operating regions, the resulting unknown pace of both business and leisure travel, and any future incidents or changes in those regions.
the growing significance of our operations outside of the u.s. makes us increasingly susceptible to the risks of doing business internationally, which could lower our revenues, increase our costs, reduce our profits, disrupt our business, or damage our reputation. at year-end 2017, approximately 36 percent of the rooms in our system were located outside of the u.s. and its territories. we expect that our international operations, and resulting revenues, will continue to grow. this increasingly exposes us to the challenges and risks of doing business outside the u.s., many of which are outside of our control, and which could reduce our revenues or profits, increase our costs, result in significant liabilities or sanctions, disrupt our business, or damage our reputation. these challenges include: (1) compliance with complex and changing laws, regulations and government policies that may impact our operations, such as foreign ownership restrictions, import and export controls, and trade restrictions; (2) compliance with u.s. and foreign laws that affect the activities of companies abroad, such as competition laws, cybersecurity and privacy laws, currency regulations, and other laws affecting dealings with certain nations; (3) the difficulties involved in managing an organization doing business in many different countries; (4) uncertainties as to the enforceability of contract and intellectual property rights under local laws; (5) rapid changes in government policy, political or civil unrest, acts of terrorism, or the threat of international boycotts or u.s. anti-boycott legislation; and (6) currency exchange rate fluctuations, which may impact the results and cash flows of our international operations.
any failure by our international operations to comply with anti-corruption laws or trade sanctions could increase our costs, reduce our profits, limit our growth, harm our reputation, or subject us to broader liability. we are subject to restrictions imposed by the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act (the "fcpa") and anti-corruption laws and regulations of other countries applicable to our operations, such as the uk bribery act. anti-corruption laws and regulations generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to government officials or other persons to receive or retain business. these laws also require us to maintain adequate internal controls and accurate books and records. due to the starwood combination, we now have more properties in countries outside of the u.s., including in many parts of the world where corruption is common, and our compliance with anti-corruption laws may potentially conflict with local customs and practices. the compliance programs, internal controls and policies we and, prior to the merger date, starwood, maintain and enforce to promote compliance with applicable anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws may not prevent our associates, contractors or agents from acting in ways prohibited by these laws and regulations. we are also subject to trade sanctions administered by the office of foreign assets control and the u.s. department of commerce. our compliance programs and internal controls also may not prevent conduct that is prohibited under these rules. the u.s. may impose additional sanctions at any time against any country in which or with whom we do business. depending on the nature of the sanctions imposed, our operations in the relevant country could be restricted or otherwise adversely affected. any violations of anti-corruption laws and regulations or trade sanctions could result in significant civil and criminal penalties, reduce our profits, disrupt or have a material adverse effect on our business, damage our reputation, or result in lawsuits being brought against the company or its officers or directors. in addition, the operation of these laws or an imposition of further restrictions in these areas could increase our cost of operations, reduce our profits or cause us to forgo development opportunities, or cease operations in certain countries, that would otherwise support growth.
in connection with the starwood combination, we are currently assessing various regulatory compliance matters at several foreign legacy-starwood locations, including compliance with the u.s. fcpa. the results of this assessment may give rise to contingencies that could require us to accrue expenses, the amounts of which we are not able to currently estimate.
exchange rate fluctuations and foreign exchange hedging arrangements could result in significant foreign currency gains and losses and affect our business results. we earn revenues and incur expenses in foreign currencies as part of our operations outside of the u.s. accordingly, fluctuations in currency exchange rates may significantly increase the amount of u.s. dollars required for foreign currency expenses or significantly decrease the u.s. dollars we receive from foreign currency revenues. we are also exposed to currency translation risk because the results of our non-u.s. business are generally reported in local
12
currency, which we then translate to u.s. dollars for inclusion in our consolidated financial statements. as a result, changes between the foreign exchange rates and the u.s. dollar affect the amounts we record for our foreign assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and could have a negative effect on our financial results. we expect that our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations will grow as the relative contribution of our non-u.s. operations increases. we enter into foreign exchange hedging agreements with financial institutions to reduce exposures to some of the principal currencies in which we receive management and franchise fees, but these efforts may not be successful. these hedging agreements also do not cover all currencies in which we do business, do not eliminate foreign currency risk entirely for the currencies that they do cover, and involve costs and risks of their own in the form of transaction costs, credit requirements and counterparty risk.
some of our management agreements and related contracts require us to make payments to owners if the hotels do not achieve specified levels of operating profit. some of our contracts with hotel owners require that we fund shortfalls if the hotels do not attain specified levels of operating profit. we may not be able to recover any fundings of such performance guarantees, which could lower our profits and reduce our cash flows.
our new programs and new branded products may not be successful. we cannot assure you that recently launched or newly acquired brands, such as edition, ac hotels by marriott in the americas, protea hotels, moxy, delta hotels, and those we acquired as a result of the starwood combination, our recently announced investments in placepass and the joint venture with alibaba, or any other new programs or products we may launch in the future, will be accepted by hotel owners, potential franchisees, or the traveling public or other guests. we also cannot be certain that we will recover the costs we incurred in developing or acquiring the brands or any new programs or products, or that those brands, programs, or products will be successful. in addition, some of our new or newly acquired brands involve or may involve cooperation and/or consultation with one or more third parties, including some shared control over product design and development, sales and marketing, and brand standards. disagreements with these third parties could slow the development of these new brands and/or impair our ability to take actions we believe to be advisable for the success and profitability of such brands.
risks relating to natural or man-made disasters, contagious disease, terrorist activity, and war could reduce the demand for lodging, which may adversely affect our revenues. so called "acts of god," such as hurricanes, earthquakes, tsunamis, and other natural disasters, such as 2017 hurricanes harvey, irma, and maria, that caused severe damage in houston, the florida keys, puerto rico, the u.s. virgin islands, and many other caribbean islands, recent earthquakes, and man-made disasters in recent years as well as the potential spread of contagious diseases such as mers (middle east respiratory syndrome), zika virus, and ebola in locations where we own, manage, or franchise significant properties and areas of the world from which we draw a large number of guests, could cause a decline in business or leisure travel and reduce demand for lodging. actual or threatened war, terrorist activity, political unrest, or civil strife, such as recent events in las vegas, fort lauderdale, orlando, barcelona, berlin, brussels, london, manchester, paris, turkey, ukraine and russia, the middle east, and other geopolitical uncertainty could have a similar effect. any one or more of these events may reduce the overall demand for hotel rooms and corporate apartments or limit the prices that we can obtain for them, both of which could adversely affect our profits. if a terrorist event were to involve one or more of our branded properties, demand for our hotels in particular could suffer, which could further hurt our revenues and profits.
disagreements with owners of hotels that we manage or franchise may result in litigation or delay implementation of product or service initiatives. consistent with our focus on management and franchising, we own very few of our lodging properties. the nature of our responsibilities under our management agreements to manage each hotel and enforce the standards required for our brands under both management and franchise agreements may be subject to interpretation and will from time to time give rise to disagreements, which may include disagreements over the need for or payment for new product, service or systems initiatives, the timing and amount of capital investments, and reimbursement for certain system initiatives and costs. such disagreements may be more likely when hotel returns are weaker. we seek to resolve any disagreements to develop and maintain positive relations with current and potential hotel owners and joint venture partners, but we cannot always do so. failure to resolve such disagreements has resulted in litigation, and could do so in the future. if any such litigation results in an adverse judgment, settlement, or court order, we could suffer significant losses, our profits could be reduced, or our future ability to operate our business could be constrained.
our business depends on the quality and reputation of our company and our brands, and any deterioration could adversely impact our market share, reputation, business, financial condition, or results of operations. events that may be beyond our control could affect the reputation of one or more of our properties or more generally impact the reputation of our brands. many other factors also can influence our reputation and the value of our brands, including service, food quality and safety, availability and management of scarce natural resources, supply chain management, diversity, human rights, and support for local communities. reputational value is also based on perceptions, and broad access to social media makes it easy for anyone to provide public feedback that can influence perceptions of us, our brands and our hotels, and it may be difficult to control or effectively manage negative publicity, regardless of whether it is accurate. while reputations may take decades to build, negative incidents can quickly erode trust and confidence, particularly if they result in adverse mainstream and social
13
media publicity, governmental investigations or penalties, or litigation. negative incidents could lead to tangible adverse effects on our business, including consumer boycotts, lost sales, disruption of access to our websites and reservation systems, loss of development opportunities, or associate retention and recruiting difficulties. any decline in the reputation or perceived quality of our brands or corporate image could affect our market share, reputation, business, financial condition, or results of operations.
if our brands, goodwill or other intangible assets become impaired, we may be required to record significant non-cash charges to earnings. as of december 31, 2017, we had $18.0 billion of goodwill and other intangible assets. we review goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually or whenever events or circumstances indicate impairment may have occurred. estimated fair values of our brands or reporting units could change if, for example, there are changes in the business climate, unanticipated changes in the competitive environment, adverse legal or regulatory actions or developments, changes in guests' perception and the reputation of our brands, or changes in interest rates, operating cash flows, or market capitalization. because of the significance of our goodwill and other intangible assets, any future impairment of these assets could require material non-cash charges to our results of operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
actions by our franchisees and licensees could adversely affect our image and reputation. we franchise and license many of our brand names and trademarks to third parties for lodging, timeshare, residential, and our credit card programs. under the terms of their agreements with us, our franchisees and licensees interact directly with guests and other third parties under our brand and trade names. if these franchisees or licensees fail to maintain or act in accordance with applicable brand standards; experience operational problems, including any data breach involving guest information; or project a brand image inconsistent with ours, our image and reputation could suffer. although our franchise and license agreements provide us with recourse and remedies in the event of a breach by the franchisee or licensee, including termination of the agreements under certain circumstances, it could be expensive or time consuming for us to pursue such remedies. we also cannot assure you that in every instance a court would ultimately enforce our contractual termination rights.
collective bargaining activity could disrupt our operations, increase our labor costs or interfere with the ability of our management to focus on executing our business strategies. a significant number of associates at our managed, leased, and owned hotels (approximately 16 percent in the u.s. and approximately 13 percent worldwide) are covered by collective bargaining agreements. if relationships with those associates or the unions that represent them become adverse, the properties we operate could experience labor disruptions such as strikes, lockouts, boycotts and public demonstrations. collective bargaining agreements representing approximately half of our organized associates in the u.s. are expiring in 2018 and are in the process of being renegotiated. labor disputes, which are generally more likely when collective bargaining agreements are being renegotiated, could harm our relationship with our associates, result in increased regulatory inquiries and enforcement by governmental authorities and deter guests. further, adverse publicity related to a labor dispute could harm our reputation and reduce customer demand for our services.
labor regulation and the negotiation of new or existing collective bargaining agreements could lead to higher wage and benefit costs, changes in work rules that raise operating expenses, legal costs and limitations on our ability or the ability of our third-party property owners to take cost saving measures during economic downturns. we do not have the ability to control the negotiations of collective bargaining agreements covering unionized labor employed by our third-party property owners and franchisees. increased unionization of our workforce, new labor legislation or changes in regulations could disrupt our operations, reduce our profitability or interfere with the ability of our management to focus on executing our business strategies.
damage to, or losses involving, properties that we own, manage, or franchise may not be covered by insurance, or the cost of such insurance could increase. marriott requires comprehensive property and liability insurance policies for our managed, leased, and owned properties with coverage features and insured limits that we believe are customary. we require managed hotel owners to procure such coverage or we procure such coverage on their behalf. we also require our franchisees to maintain similar levels of insurance. market forces beyond our control may nonetheless limit the scope of the insurance coverage we or our franchisees can obtain, or our or their ability to obtain coverage at reasonable rates. certain types of losses, generally of a catastrophic nature, such as earthquakes, hurricanes and floods, terrorist acts, or liabilities that result from breaches in the security of our information systems, may result in high deductibles, low limits, or may be uninsurable or the cost of obtaining insurance may be unacceptably high. as a result, we and our franchisees may not be successful in obtaining insurance without increases in cost or decreases in coverage levels, and we expect substantial increases in property insurance costs in 2018 and possibly future years due to the severe and widespread damage caused by the 2017 atlantic hurricane season. in addition, in the event of a substantial loss, the insurance coverage we or our franchisees carry may not be sufficient to pay the full market value or replacement cost of any lost investment or in some cases could result in certain losses being totally uninsured. as a result, we could lose some or all of any capital that we have invested in a property, as well as the anticipated
14
future revenue from the property, and we could remain obligated for guarantees, debt, or other financial obligations for the property.
development and financing risks while we are predominantly a manager and franchisor of hotel properties, our hotel owners depend on capital to buy, develop, and improve hotels, and our hotel owners may be unable to access capital when necessary. both we and current and potential hotel owners must periodically spend money to fund new hotel investments, as well as to refurbish and improve existing hotels. the availability of funds for new investments and improvement of existing hotels by our current and potential hotel owners depends in large measure on capital markets and liquidity factors, over which we exert little control. obtaining financing on attractive terms may be constrained by the capital markets for hotel and real estate investments. in addition, owners of existing hotels that we franchise or manage may have difficulty meeting required debt service payments or refinancing loans at maturity.
our growth strategy depends upon third-party owners/operators, and future arrangements with these third parties may be less favorable. our growth strategy for adding lodging facilities entails entering into and maintaining various arrangements with property owners. the terms of our management agreements and franchise agreements for each of our lodging facilities are influenced by contract terms offered by our competitors, among other things. we cannot assure you that any of our current arrangements will continue or that we will be able to enter into future collaborations, renew agreements, or enter into new agreements in the future on terms that are as favorable to us as those that exist today.
our ability to grow our management and franchise systems is subject to the range of risks associated with real estate investments. our ability to sustain continued growth through management or franchise agreements for new hotels and the conversion of existing facilities to managed or franchised marriott brands is affected, and may potentially be limited, by a variety of factors influencing real estate development generally. these include site availability, financing, planning, zoning and other local approvals, and other limitations that may be imposed by market and submarket factors, such as projected room occupancy, changes in growth in demand compared to projected supply, territorial restrictions in our management and franchise agreements, costs of construction, and anticipated room rate structure.
our development activities expose us to project cost, completion, and resale risks. we occasionally develop new hotel and residential properties, both directly and through partnerships, joint ventures, and other business structures with third parties. as demonstrated by the impairment charges that we recorded in 2014 and 2015 in connection with our development and construction of three edition hotels and residences, our ongoing involvement in the development of properties presents a number of risks, including that: (1) continued weakness in the capital markets may limit our ability, or that of third parties with whom we do business, to raise capital for completion of projects that have commenced or for development of future properties; (2) properties that we develop could become less attractive due to decreases in demand for hotel and residential properties, market absorption or oversupply, with the result that we may not be able to sell such properties for a profit or at the prices or selling pace we anticipate, potentially requiring additional changes in our pricing strategy that could result in further charges; (3) construction delays or cost overruns, including those due to a shortage of skilled labor, lender financial defaults, or so called "acts of god" such as earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, or fires may increase overall project costs or result in project cancellations; and (4) we may be unable to recover development costs we incur for any projects that we do not pursue to completion.
our owned properties and other real estate investments subject us to numerous risks. although we had relatively few owned and leased properties at the end of 2017, we acquired a significant number of those properties as part of the starwood combination, and such properties are subject to the risks that generally relate to investments in real property. although we have sold several of those properties since the merger date and we are actively pursuing additional sales, equity real estate investments can be difficult to sell quickly, and we may not be able to do so at prices we find acceptable or at all. moreover, the investment returns available from equity investments in real estate depend in large part on the amount of income earned and capital appreciation generated by the related properties, and the expenses incurred. a variety of other factors also affect income from properties and real estate values, including governmental regulations, insurance, zoning, tax and eminent domain laws, interest rate levels, and the availability of financing. for example, new or existing real estate zoning or tax laws can make it more expensive and/or time-consuming to develop real property or expand, modify, or renovate hotels. when interest rates increase, the cost of acquiring, developing, expanding, or renovating real property increases and real property values may decrease as the number of potential buyers decreases. similarly, as financing becomes less available, it becomes more difficult both to acquire and to sell real property. finally, under eminent domain laws, governments can take real property, sometimes for less compensation than the owner believes the property is worth. despite our asset-light strategy, our real estate properties could be impacted by any of these factors, resulting in a material adverse impact on our results of operations or financial condition. if our properties do not generate revenue sufficient to meet operating expenses, including needed capital expenditures, our income could be adversely affected.
15
development activities that involve our co-investment with third parties may result in disputes that could increase project costs, impair project operations, or increase project completion risks. partnerships, joint ventures, and other business structures involving our co-investment with third parties which we have entered into or acquired as part of the starwood combination generally include some form of shared control over the operations of the business and create added risks, including the possibility that other investors in such ventures could become bankrupt or otherwise lack the financial resources to meet their obligations, or could have or develop business interests, policies, or objectives that are inconsistent with ours. actions by another investor may present additional risks of project delay, increased project costs, or operational difficulties following project completion. such disputes may also be more likely in difficult business environments.
investing through partnerships or joint ventures decreases our ability to manage risk. in addition to acquiring or developing hotels and resorts or acquiring companies that complement our business directly, starwood, and to a lesser extent marriott, has from time to time invested, and we may continue to invest, as a co-venturer. such arrangements often have shared control over the operation of the assets. therefore, such investments may involve risks such as the possibility that the co-venturer might become bankrupt or not have the financial resources to meet its obligations. should a venture partner become bankrupt we could become liable for our partner's share of the venture's liabilities. also, our venture partner could have economic or business interests or goals that are inconsistent with our economic or business interests or goals, take action contrary to our instructions, or make requests contrary to our policies or objectives. further, we may be unable to act without the approval of our venture partners and, alternatively, our venture partners could take actions binding on the venture or partnership without our consent. therefore, actions by a co-venturer might subject the assets owned by the venture or partnership to additional risk. we cannot assure you that our investments through partnerships or joint ventures will be successful despite these risks.
risks associated with development and sale of residential properties associated with our lodging properties or brands may reduce our profits. we participate, through licensing agreements or directly or through noncontrolling interests, in the development and sale of residential properties associated with our brands, including residences and condominiums under many of our luxury and premium brand names and trademarks. such projects pose further risks beyond those generally associated with our lodging business, which may reduce our profits or compromise our brand equity, including risks that (1) weakness in residential real estate and demand generally may reduce our profits and could make it more difficult to convince future hotel development partners of the value added by our brands; (2) increases in interest rates, reductions in mortgage availability or the tax benefits of mortgage financing or residential ownership generally, or increases in the costs of residential ownership could prevent potential customers from buying residential products or reduce the prices they are willing to pay; and (3) residential construction may be subject to warranty and liability claims or claims related to purchaser deposits, and the costs of resolving such claims may be significant.
some hotel openings in our development pipeline and approved projects may be delayed or not result in new hotels, which could adversely affect our growth prospects. we report a significant number of hotels in our development pipeline, including hotels under construction and under signed contracts, as well as hotels approved for development but not yet under contract. the eventual opening of such pipeline hotels and, in particular the approved hotels that are not yet under contract, is subject to numerous risks, including in some cases the owner's or developer's ability to obtain adequate financing or governmental or regulatory approvals. accordingly, we cannot assure you that all of our development pipeline will result in new hotels entering our system, or that those hotels will open when we anticipate.
if we incur losses on loans or loan guarantees that we have made to third parties, our profits could decline. at times, we make loans for hotel development or renovation expenditures when we enter into or amend management or franchise agreements. from time to time we also provide third-party lenders with financial guarantees for the timely repayment of all or a portion of debt related to hotels that we manage or franchise, generally subject to an obligation that the owner reimburse us for any fundings. we could suffer losses if hotel owners or franchisees default on loans that we provide or fail to reimburse us for loan guarantees that we have funded.
if owners of hotels that we manage or franchise cannot repay or refinance mortgage loans secured by their properties, our revenues and profits could decrease and our business could be harmed. the owners of many of our managed or franchised properties have pledged their hotels as collateral for mortgage loans that they entered into when those properties were purchased or refinanced. if those owners cannot repay or refinance maturing indebtedness on favorable terms or at all, the lenders could declare a default, accelerate the related debt, and repossess the property. such sales or repossessions could, in some cases, result in the termination of our management or franchise agreements and eliminate our anticipated income and cash flows, which could negatively affect our results of operations.
16
technology, information protection, and privacy risks a failure to keep pace with developments in technology could impair our operations or competitive position. the lodging industry continues to demand the use of sophisticated technology and systems, including those used for our reservation, revenue management, property management, human resources and payroll systems, our loyalty programs, and technologies we make available to our guests and for our associates. these technologies and systems must be refined, updated, and/or replaced with more advanced systems on a regular basis, and our business could suffer if we cannot do that as quickly or effectively as our competitors or within budgeted costs and time frames. we also may not achieve the benefits that we anticipate from any new technology or system, and a failure to do so could result in higher than anticipated costs or could impair our operating results.
an increase in the use of third-party internet services to book online hotel reservations could adversely impact our business. some of our hotel rooms are booked through internet travel intermediaries such as expedia.com®, priceline.com®, booking.comtm, travelocity.com®, and orbitz.com®, as well as lesser-known online travel service providers. these intermediaries initially focused on leisure travel, but now also provide offerings for corporate travel and group meetings. although our best rate guarantee programs have helped limit guest preference shift to intermediaries and greatly reduced the ability of intermediaries to undercut the published rates at our hotels, intermediaries continue to use a variety of aggressive online marketing methods to attract guests, including the purchase, by certain companies, of trademarked online keywords such as "marriott" from internet search engines such as google®, bing®, yahoo®, and baidu® to steer guests toward their websites (a practice that has been challenged by various trademark owners in federal court). although we have successfully limited these practices through contracts with key online intermediaries, the number of intermediaries and related companies that drive traffic to intermediaries' websites is too large to permit us to eliminate this risk entirely. our business and profitability could be harmed if online intermediaries succeed in significantly shifting loyalties from our lodging brands to their travel services, diverting bookings away from our direct online channels, or through their fees, increase the overall cost of internet bookings for our hotels. in addition, if we fail to reach satisfactory agreements as our contracts with intermediaries come up for periodic renewal, our hotels might no longer appear on their websites and we could lose business as a result.
we are exposed to risks and costs associated with protecting the integrity and security of company employee and guest data. our businesses process, use, and transmit large volumes of employee and guest data, including credit card numbers and other personal information in various information systems that we maintain and in systems maintained by third parties, including our owners, franchisees and licensees, as well as our service providers, in areas such as human resources outsourcing, website hosting, and various forms of electronic communications. the integrity and protection of that guest, employee, and company data is critical to our business. if that data is inaccurate or incomplete, we could make faulty decisions.
our guests and employees also have a high expectation that we, as well as our owners, franchisees, licensees, and service providers, will adequately protect their personal information. the information, security, and privacy requirements imposed by laws and governmental regulation and the requirements of the payment card industry are also increasingly demanding, in the u.s., the european union, asia, and other jurisdictions where we operate. our systems and the systems maintained or used by our owners, franchisees, licensees, and service providers may not be able to satisfy these changing legal and regulatory requirements and employee and guest expectations, or may require significant additional investments or time to do so.
cyber-attacks could have a disruptive effect on our business. efforts to hack or breach security measures, failures of systems or software to operate as designed or intended, viruses, "ransomware" or other malware, operator error, or inadvertent releases of data may materially impact our information systems and records and those of our owners, franchisees, licensees, or service providers. our reliance on computer, internet-based and mobile systems and communications and the frequency and sophistication of efforts by hackers to gain unauthorized access or prevent authorized access to such systems have greatly increased in recent years. a significant theft, loss, loss of access to, or fraudulent use of guest, employee, or company data could adversely impact our reputation and could result in remedial and other expenses, fines, or litigation. breaches in the security of our information systems or those of our owners, franchisees, licensees, or service providers or other disruptions in data services could lead to an interruption in the operation of our systems, resulting in operational inefficiencies and a loss of profits. in addition, although we carry cyber/privacy liability insurance that is designed to protect us against certain losses related to cyber risks, that insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover all losses or all types of claims that may arise in connection with cyber-attacks, security breaches, and other related breaches. furthermore, in the future such insurance may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, or at all.
changes in privacy and data security laws could increase our operating costs, increase our exposure to fines and litigation, and adversely affect our ability to market our products effectively. we are subject to numerous laws, regulations, and contractual obligations designed to protect personal information, including in the european union, asia, and other jurisdictions. non-u.s. data privacy and data security laws, various u.s. federal and state laws, credit card industry security standards, and other information privacy and security standards are all applicable to us. compliance with changes in applicable data privacy
17
laws and regulations and contractual obligations may increase our operating costs, increase our exposure to fines and litigation in the event of alleged non-compliance, and adversely affect our reputation.
additionally, we rely on a variety of direct marketing techniques, including email marketing, online advertising, and postal mailings. any further restrictions in laws such as the canspam act, and various u.s. state laws, or new federal laws on marketing and solicitation or international privacy, e-privacy, and anti-spam laws that govern these activities could adversely affect the continuing effectiveness of email, online advertising, and postal mailing techniques and could force further changes in our marketing strategy. if this occurs, we may not be able to develop adequate alternative marketing strategies, which could impact the amount and timing of our sales of certain products. we also obtain access to potential guests from travel service providers or other companies with whom we have substantial relationships, and we market to some individuals on these lists directly or by including our marketing message in the other company's marketing materials. if access to these lists were to be prohibited or otherwise restricted, our ability to develop new guests and introduce them to our products could be impaired.
any disruption in the functioning of our reservation systems, as part of our integration of starwood or otherwise, could adversely affect our performance and results. we manage global reservation systems that communicate reservations to our branded hotels that individuals make directly with us online, through our mobile apps, through our telephone call centers, or through intermediaries like travel agents, internet travel websites, and other distribution channels. the cost, speed, accuracy and efficiency of our reservation systems are critical aspects of our business and are important considerations for hotel owners when choosing our brands. our business may suffer if we fail to maintain, upgrade, or prevent disruption to our reservation systems. in addition, the risk of disruption in the functioning of our global reservation systems could increase with the anticipated systems integration that is part of our integration of starwood. disruptions in or changes to our reservation systems could result in a disruption to our business and the loss of important data.
other risks changes in laws and regulations could reduce our profits or increase our costs. we are subject to a wide variety of laws, regulations, and policies in jurisdictions around the world, including those for financial reporting, taxes, healthcare, cybersecurity, privacy, climate change, and the environment. changes to these laws, regulations, or policies, including those associated with health care, tax or financial reforms, climate change and the environment, could reduce our profits. we also anticipate that many of the jurisdictions where we do business will continue to review taxes and other revenue raising measures, and any resulting changes could impose new restrictions, costs, or prohibitions on our current practices or reduce our profits. in particular, governments may revise tax laws, regulations, or official interpretations in ways that could significantly impact us, and other modifications could reduce the profits that we can effectively realize from our operations or could require costly changes to those operations or the way in which they are structured.
uncertainties in the interpretation and application of the 2017 tax cuts and jobs act could materially affect our tax obligations and effective tax rate. on december 22, 2017, the u.s. enacted comprehensive tax legislation, commonly referred to as the 2017 tax cuts and jobs act (the "2017 tax act"), which significantly affected u.s. tax law by changing how the u.s. imposes income tax on multinational corporations. the 2017 tax act requires complex computations not previously required by u.s. tax law. as such, the application of accounting guidance for such items is currently uncertain. further, compliance with the 2017 tax act and the accounting for such provisions require preparation and analysis of information not previously required or regularly produced. in addition, the u.s. department of treasury has broad authority to issue regulations and interpretative guidance that may significantly impact how we will apply the law and impact our results of operations in future periods. accordingly, while we have provided a provisional estimate on the effect of the 2017 tax act in our financial statements, further regulatory or gaap accounting guidance for the 2017 tax act, our further analysis on the application of the law, and refinement of our initial estimates and calculations could materially change our current provisional estimates, which could in turn materially affect our tax obligations and effective tax rate.
if we cannot attract and retain talented associates, our business could suffer. we compete with other companies both within and outside of our industry for talented personnel. if we cannot recruit, train, develop, and retain sufficient numbers of talented associates, we could experience increased associate turnover, decreased guest satisfaction, low morale, inefficiency, or internal control failures. insufficient numbers of talented associates could also limit our ability to grow and expand our businesses. a shortage of skilled labor could also result in higher wages that would increase our labor costs, which could reduce our profits.
delaware law and our governing corporate documents contain, and our board of directors could implement, anti-takeover provisions that could deter takeover attempts. under the delaware business combination statute, a shareholder holding 15 percent or more of our outstanding voting stock could not acquire us without board of director consent for at least three years after the date the shareholder first held 15 percent or more of the voting stock. our governing corporate documents also,
18
among other things, require supermajority votes for mergers and similar transactions. in addition, our board of directors could, without shareholder approval, implement other anti-takeover defenses, such as a shareholder rights plan.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
business and overview overview we are a worldwide operator, franchisor, and licensor of hotel, residential, and timeshare properties in 127 countries and territories under 30 brand names. under our business model, we typically manage or franchise hotels, rather than own them. we discuss our operations in the following reportable business segments: north american full-service, north american limited-service, and asia pacific. our europe, middle east and africa, and caribbean and latin america operating segments do not individually meet the criteria for separate disclosure as reportable segments.
we earn base management fees and in many cases incentive management fees from the properties that we manage, and we earn franchise fees on the properties that others operate under franchise agreements with us. in most markets, base management and franchise fees typically consist of a percentage of property-level revenue, or certain property-level revenue in the case of franchise fees, while incentive management fees typically consist of a percentage of net house profit after a specified owner return. in the middle east and asia, incentive fees typically consist of a percentage of gross operating profit without adjustment for a specified owner return. net house profit is calculated as gross operating profit (house profit) less non-controllable expenses such as insurance, real estate taxes, and capital spending reserves.
our emphasis on long-term management contracts and franchising tends to provide more stable earnings in periods of economic softness, while adding new hotels to our system generates growth, typically with little or no investment by the company. this strategy has driven substantial growth while minimizing financial leverage and risk in a cyclical industry. in addition, we believe minimizing our capital investments and adopting a strategy of recycling our investments maximizes and maintains our financial flexibility.
we remain focused on doing the things that we do well; that is, selling rooms, taking care of our guests, and making sure we control costs both at company-operated properties and at the corporate level ("above-property"). our brands remain strong due to our skilled management teams, dedicated associates, superior guest service with an emphasis on guest and associate satisfaction, significant distribution, our loyalty programs, multichannel reservation systems, and desirable property amenities. we strive to effectively leverage our size and broad distribution.
we, along with owners and franchisees, continue to invest in our brands by means of new, refreshed, and reinvented properties, new room and public space designs, and enhanced amenities and technology offerings. we address, through various means, hotels in our system that do not meet standards. we continue to enhance the appeal of our proprietary, information-rich, and easy-to-use websites, and of our associated mobile smartphone applications, through functionality and service improvements.
our profitability, as well as that of owners and franchisees, has benefited from our approach to property-level and above-property productivity. managed properties in our system continue to maintain very tight cost controls. we also control above-property costs, some of which we allocate to hotels, by remaining focused on systems, processing, and support areas.
24
performance measures we believe revpar, which we calculate by dividing room sales for comparable properties by room nights available for the period, is a meaningful indicator of our performance because it measures the period-over-period change in room revenues for comparable properties. revpar may not be comparable to similarly titled measures, such as revenues. we also believe occupancy and average daily rate ("adr"), which are components of calculating revpar, are meaningful indicators of our performance. occupancy, which we calculate by dividing occupied rooms by total rooms available, measures the utilization of a property's available capacity. adr, which we calculate by dividing property room revenue by total rooms sold, measures average room price and is useful in assessing pricing levels.
our revpar statistics for 2017, 2016, and 2015, include legacy-starwood comparable properties for each of the full years even though marriott did not own the legacy-starwood brands before the merger date. therefore, our revpar statistics include legacy-starwood properties for periods during which fees from the legacy-starwood properties are not included in our income statements. we provide these revpar statistics as an indicator of the performance of our brands and to allow for comparison to industry metrics, and they should not be viewed as necessarily correlating with our fee revenue. for the properties located in countries that use currencies other than the u.s. dollar, the comparisons to the prior year period are on a constant u.s. dollar basis. we calculate constant dollar statistics by applying exchange rates for the current period to the prior comparable period.
we define our comparable properties as our properties, including those that we acquired through the starwood combination, that were open and operating under one of our legacy-marriott or legacy-starwood brands since the beginning of the last full calendar year (since january 1, 2016 for the current period) and have not, in either the current or previous year: (i) undergone significant room or public space renovations or expansions, (ii) been converted between company-operated and franchised, or (iii) sustained substantial property damage or business interruption. for 2017 compared to 2016, we had 3,883 comparable north american properties and 1,030 comparable international properties. for 2016 compared to 2015, we had 3,698 comparable north american properties (including 483 legacy-starwood properties) and 965 comparable international properties (including 506 legacy-starwood properties).
we also believe company-operated house profit margin, which is the ratio of property-level gross operating profit to total property-level revenue, is a meaningful indicator of our performance because this ratio measures our overall ability as the operator to produce property-level profits by generating sales and controlling the operating expenses over which we have the most direct control. house profit includes room, food and beverage, and other revenue and the related expenses including payroll and benefits expenses, as well as repairs and maintenance, utility, general and administrative, and sales and marketing expenses. house profit does not include the impact of management fees, furniture, fixtures and equipment replacement reserves, insurance, taxes, or other fixed expenses.
business trends our 2017 full-year results reflected a year-over-year increase in the number of properties in our system, including those from the starwood combination, favorable demand for our brands in many markets around the world, and slow but steady economic growth. comparable worldwide systemwide revpar for 2017 increased 3.1 percent to $115.02, adr increased 1.2 percent on a constant dollar basis to $157.12, and occupancy increased 1.4 percentage points to 73.2 percent, compared to 2016.
in north america, revpar increased in 2017, partially driven by higher demand in washington, d.c., growth in transient leisure business, and favorable citywide events and group business in the fourth quarter. revpar was somewhat enhanced by increased demand in impacted areas following the september hurricanes in florida and texas. revpar growth was constrained in certain markets by new lodging supply and only moderate gdp growth.
in our asia pacific segment in 2017, revpar growth was strong in greater china, reflecting improved performance in key markets, as well as in india and thailand. our europe region experienced higher demand in 2017, led by strong transient business in most countries. in our middle east and africa region, demand continued to be impacted by geopolitical instability, political sanctions on qatar, and lower oil prices, offset by favorable results in south africa. growth in the caribbean and latin america regions reflected strength in mexico and improving leisure demand in the caribbean, but was partially constrained by weak, but improving, economic conditions in many markets in south america. nine managed and franchised caribbean hotels remained closed at year-end 2017 due to significant damage from hurricanes in the region, and we anticipate that two to four of these properties will resume operations in 2018.
we monitor market conditions and provide the tools for our hotels to price rooms daily in accordance with individual property demand levels, generally adjusting room rates as demand changes. our hotels modify the mix of business to improve
25
revenue as demand changes. for our company-operated properties, we continue to focus on enhancing property-level house profit margins and making productivity improvements.
in 2017 compared to 2016 at comparable properties, worldwide company-operated house profit margins increased by 80 basis points and worldwide company-operated house profit per available room ("hp-par") increased by 5.4 percent on a constant u.s. dollar basis, reflecting higher revpar, improved productivity, and procurement and synergy savings. north american company-operated house profit margins increased by 40 basis points, and hp-par increased by 2.8 percent. international company-operated house profit margins increased by 130 basis points, and hp-par increased by 8.9 percent.
in the 2017 fourth quarter, we reached new multi-year agreements to amend our relationships with jp morgan chase and american express for our u.s.-issued, co-brand credit cards associated with our loyalty programs. we expect that these agreements will have a favorable impact on our total revenues beginning in 2018.
system growth and pipeline in 2017, we added 473 properties with 76,589 rooms. approximately 39 percent of the added rooms are located outside north america, and 14 percent are conversions from competitor brands. in 2017, 69 properties (12,952 rooms) exited our system.
our global pipeline grew to a record 460,000 rooms at year-end 2017, with over half located outside of north america. the pipeline includes hotel rooms under construction and under signed contracts, and nearly 34,000 hotel rooms approved for development but not yet under signed contracts. in 2017, we signed more than 750 management and franchise agreements for new hotels, representing nearly 125,000 rooms. of those room signings, nearly 80 percent were in the industry's three highest-quality tiers -- luxury, upper upscale, and upscale -- which drive significant revenue per available room and fee revenue. contracts signed in 2017 also reflected the growing demand for select service hotels worldwide, with a record 578 contracts signed for our classic select and distinctive select brands, of which 420 are for hotels in north america and 158 are for hotels located outside of north america.
in 2018, we expect the number of our open hotel rooms will increase approximately 7 percent gross, while room exits will total 1 to 1.5 percent.
properties and rooms at year-end 2017, we operated, franchised, and licensed the following properties and rooms:
managed                       franchised/licensed                           owned/leased                             other (1)                                    total properties              rooms          properties                 rooms          properties              rooms          properties       rooms                properties                rooms north american full-service        423               187,814              670                 195,196                10                 5,235                -               -                 1,103                 388,245
north american limited-service     404                63,807            3,211                 369,347                20                 3,006               31               5,288             3,666                 441,448
asia pacific                       545               163,437               92                  25,802                 4           953                        -               -                   641                 190,192
other international                520               121,315              370                  72,866                33                 9,075               98               12,371            1,021                 215,627
timeshare                            -                     -               89                  22,154                 -                     -                -               -                    89                  22,154
total                            1,892               536,373            4,432                 685,365                67                18,269              129               17,659            6,520               1,257,666
(1)   other represents unconsolidated equity method investments, which we present in the "equity in earnings" caption of our income statements.
26
segment and brand statistics the following brand statistics present revpar, occupancy, and adr for comparable properties 2017, 2017 compared to 2016, 2016, and 2016 compared to 2015, including legacy-starwood comparable properties for the full years even though marriott did not own the legacy-starwood brands before the starwood combination. systemwide statistics include data from our franchised properties, in addition to our company-operated properties.
2017 compared to 2016
comparable company-operated north american properties revpar                                   occupancy                               average daily rate
2017                                                                   change vs. 2016           2017              change vs. 2016   2017                           change vs. 2016
jw marriott                                      $171.94                 2.5         %      76.3    %          1.1       %   pts.           $225.46                   1.0         %
the ritz-carlton                                 $264.45                 4.9         %      74.4    %          2.2       %   pts.           $355.44                   1.8         %
w hotels                                         $244.44                (0.7        )%      82.2    %            -       %   pts.           $297.52                  (0.7        )%
composite north american luxury (1)              $244.19                 2.5         %      77.5    %          1.1       %   pts.           $314.90                   1.0         %
marriott hotels                                  $146.14                 2.3         %      76.1    %          1.1       %   pts.           $192.09                   0.9         %
sheraton                                         $150.75                 2.4         %      77.3    %          0.3       %   pts.           $195.10                   2.0         %
westin                                           $173.29                 1.4         %      77.0    %         (0.2      )%   pts.           $224.99                   1.6         %
composite north american upper upscale (2)       $149.68                 2.3         %      76.2    %          0.6       %   pts.           $196.46                   1.5         %
north american full-service (3)                  $166.28                 2.4         %      76.4    %          0.7       %   pts.           $217.56                   1.4         %
courtyard                                        $103.27                 0.6         %      73.0    %            -       %   pts.           $141.42                   0.7         %
residence inn                                    $123.88                 2.4         %      79.6    %          0.7       %   pts.           $155.53                   1.5         %
composite north american limited-service (4)     $107.99                 1.4         %      75.2    %          0.2       %   pts.           $143.65                   1.1         %
north american - all (5)                         $148.40                 2.2         %      76.0    %          0.5       %   pts.           $195.15                   1.4         %
comparable systemwide north american properties revpar                                   occupancy                               average daily rate
2017                                                                   change vs. 2016           2017              change vs. 2016   2017                           change vs. 2016
jw marriott                                      $173.27                 3.1         %      76.9    %          1.2       %   pts.           $225.32                   1.4         %
the ritz-carlton                                 $264.45                 4.9         %      74.4    %          2.2       %   pts.           $355.44                   1.8         %
w hotels                                         $244.44                (0.7        )%      82.2    %            -       %   pts.           $297.52                  (0.7        )%
composite north american luxury (1)              $232.19                 2.8         %      77.3    %          1.2       %   pts.           $300.34                   1.2         %
marriott hotels                                  $126.00                 1.8         %      72.6    %          0.4       %   pts.           $173.49                   1.2         %
sheraton                                         $115.99                 1.5         %      73.2    %          0.1       %   pts.           $158.50                   1.4         %
westin                                           $159.00                 1.8         %      76.5    %         (0.2      )%   pts.           $207.74                   2.0         %
composite north american upper upscale (2)       $131.11                 2.0         %      73.7    %          0.3       %   pts.           $177.87                   1.5         %
north american full-service (3)                  $141.70                 2.1         %      74.1    %          0.4       %   pts.           $191.25                   1.6         %
courtyard                                        $102.15                 1.4         %      73.3    %          0.6       %   pts.           $139.45                   0.6         %
residence inn                                    $116.11                 1.7         %      79.3    %          0.3       %   pts.           $146.47                   1.3         %
fairfield inn &amp; suites                        $80.86                 3.1         %      71.5    %          1.6       %   pts.           $113.15                   0.9         %
composite north american limited-service (4)      $98.29                 2.0         %      74.6    %          0.7       %   pts.           $131.74                   1.0         %
north american - all (5)                         $117.56                 2.1         %      74.4    %          0.6       %   pts.           $158.05                   1.3         %
(1)   includes jw marriott, the ritz-carlton, w hotels, the luxury collection, st. regis, and edition.
(2)   includes marriott hotels, sheraton, westin, renaissance, autograph collection, delta hotels, gaylord hotels, le méridien, and tribute portfolio.
(3)   includes composite north american luxury and composite north american upper upscale.
(4)   includes courtyard, residence inn, fairfield inn &amp; suites, springhill suites, four points, towneplace suites, and ac hotels by marriott. systemwide also includes aloft and element.
(5)   includes north american full-service and composite north american limited-service.
27
comparable company-operated international properties revpar                                   occupancy                               average daily rate
2017                                                    change vs. 2016           2017              change vs. 2016   2017                           change vs. 2016
greater china                      $90.26                 8.4         %      71.5    %          6.0       %   pts.           $126.33                  (0.7        )%
rest of asia pacific              $119.10                 6.1         %      75.4    %          3.1       %   pts.           $158.02                   1.6         %
asia pacific                      $100.39                 7.4         %      72.8    %          5.0       %   pts.           $137.85                   0.1         %
caribbean &amp; latin america     $130.48                 3.9         %      66.5    %          2.6       %   pts.           $196.31                  (0.2        )%
europe                            $138.70                 6.9         %      73.5    %          2.0       %   pts.           $188.69                   3.9         %
middle east &amp; africa          $106.33                 1.9         %      65.7    %          1.5       %   pts.           $161.95                  (0.5        )%
international - all (1)           $113.32                 6.0         %      71.2    %          3.5       %   pts.           $159.14                   0.8         %
worldwide (2)                     $131.14                 3.8         %      73.7    %          2.0       %   pts.           $178.02                   1.0         %
comparable systemwide international properties revpar                                   occupancy                               average daily rate
2017                                                    change vs. 2016           2017              change vs. 2016   2017                           change vs. 2016
greater china                      $90.37                 8.5         %      70.9    %          6.0       %   pts.           $127.47                  (0.7        )%
rest of asia pacific              $118.36                 5.1         %      74.8    %          2.5       %   pts.           $158.21                   1.6         %
asia pacific                      $102.27                 6.8         %      72.6    %          4.5       %   pts.           $140.94                   0.2         %
caribbean &amp; latin america     $104.10                 4.0         %      64.3    %          2.1       %   pts.           $161.91                   0.6         %
europe                            $123.44                 7.2         %      71.9    %          2.7       %   pts.           $171.72                   3.2         %
middle east &amp; africa          $101.98                 2.0         %      65.4    %          1.5       %   pts.           $155.90                  (0.4        )%
international - all (1)           $108.78                 5.9         %      70.3    %          3.2       %   pts.           $154.71                   1.1         %
worldwide (2)                     $115.02                 3.1         %      73.2    %          1.4       %   pts.           $157.12                   1.2         %
(1)   includes caribbean &amp; latin america, europe, middle east &amp; africa, and asia pacific.
(2)   includes north american - all and international - all.
28
2016 compared to 2015
comparable company-operated north american properties revpar                                   occupancy                               average daily rate
2016                                                                   change vs. 2015           2016              change vs. 2015   2016                           change vs. 2015
jw marriott                                      $187.02                 4.0         %      76.8    %          2.2       %   pts.           $243.57                   1.1         %
the ritz-carlton                                 $252.40                 3.6         %      71.9    %          1.0       %   pts.           $350.99                   2.2         %
w hotels                                         $239.94                (2.2        )%      81.7    %          0.2       %   pts.           $293.82                  (2.5        )%
composite north american luxury (1)              $242.10                 2.8         %      76.3    %          1.4       %   pts.           $317.13                   0.9         %
marriott hotels                                  $144.94                 2.4         %      75.4    %          0.7       %   pts.           $192.23                   1.4         %
sheraton                                         $149.49                 2.1         %      76.5    %         (0.5      )%   pts.           $195.40                   2.7         %
westin                                           $167.21                 0.9         %      77.4    %         (0.6      )%   pts.           $216.07                   1.7         %
composite north american upper upscale (2)       $149.92                 2.3         %      76.1    %          0.3       %   pts.           $196.98                   1.8         %
north american full-service (3)                  $166.97                 2.4         %      76.2    %          0.5       %   pts.           $219.25                   1.7         %
courtyard                                        $103.65                 2.2         %      73.1    %          0.3       %   pts.           $141.83                   1.7         %
residence inn                                    $118.14                 3.8         %      79.0    %          0.6       %   pts.           $149.56                   3.0         %
composite north american limited-service (4)     $106.20                 2.8         %      75.0    %          0.5       %   pts.           $141.68                   2.1         %
north american - all (5)                         $147.48                 2.5         %      75.8    %          0.5       %   pts.           $194.64                   1.8         %
comparable systemwide north american properties revpar                                   occupancy                               average daily rate
2016                                                                   change vs. 2015           2016              change vs. 2015   2016                           change vs. 2015
jw marriott                                      $178.91                 3.5         %      76.0    %          1.3       %   pts.           $235.47                   1.8         %
the ritz-carlton                                 $252.40                 3.6         %      71.9    %          1.0       %   pts.           $350.99                   2.2         %
w hotels                                         $239.94                (2.2        )%      81.7    %          0.2       %   pts.           $293.82                  (2.5        )%
composite north american luxury (1)              $231.99                 2.8         %      76.0    %          1.2       %   pts.           $305.36                   1.2         %
marriott hotels                                  $124.39                 2.0         %      72.4    %          0.3       %   pts.           $171.92                   1.5         %
sheraton                                         $115.58                 2.4         %      73.3    %          0.3       %   pts.           $157.73                   2.0         %
westin                                           $152.94                 2.4         %      76.9    %          0.1       %   pts.           $198.98                   2.3         %
composite north american upper upscale (2)       $130.44                 2.5         %      73.9    %          0.4       %   pts.           $176.52                   1.9         %
north american full-service (3)                  $141.11                 2.6         %      74.1    %          0.5       %   pts.           $190.41                   1.9         %
courtyard                                        $101.49                 1.9         %      72.9    %            -       %   pts.           $139.24                   1.9         %
residence inn                                    $112.78                 2.4         %      79.0    %         (0.1      )%   pts.           $142.78                   2.6         %
fairfield inn &amp; suites                        $77.96                 1.2         %      70.1    %         (0.5      )%   pts.           $111.20                   1.9         %
composite north american limited-service (4)      $96.62                 2.0         %      74.2    %            -       %   pts.           $130.15                   2.0         %
north american - all (5)                         $116.47                 2.3         %      74.2    %          0.2       %   pts.           $157.00                   2.0         %
(1)   includes jw marriott, the ritz-carlton, w hotels, the luxury collection, st. regis, and edition.
(2)   includes marriott hotels, sheraton, westin, renaissance, autograph collection, gaylord hotels, le méridien, and tribute portfolio.
(3)   includes composite north american luxury and composite north american upper upscale.
(4)   includes courtyard, residence inn, fairfield inn &amp; suites, springhill suites, and towneplace suites. systemwide also includes four points, aloft, and element.
(5)   includes north american full-service and composite north american limited-service.
29
comparable company-operated international properties revpar                                   occupancy                               average daily rate
2016                                                    change vs. 2015           2016              change vs. 2015   2016                           change vs. 2015
greater china                      $89.17                 0.4         %      67.5    %          3.7       %   pts.           $132.16                  (5.1        )%
rest of asia pacific              $112.69                 3.7         %      75.2    %          3.0       %   pts.           $149.80                  (0.5        )%
asia pacific                       $97.08                 1.6         %      70.1    %          3.4       %   pts.           $138.52                  (3.4        )%
caribbean &amp; latin america     $139.69                 0.4         %      65.3    %         (0.9      )%   pts.           $213.99                   1.8         %
europe                            $124.87                 0.8         %      71.8    %         (0.5      )%   pts.           $173.84                   1.5         %
middle east &amp; africa          $106.49                (3.8        )%      64.6    %          0.6       %   pts.           $164.90                  (4.8        )%
international - all (1)           $109.05                 0.3         %      69.2    %          1.6       %   pts.           $157.69                  (2.1        )%
worldwide (2)                     $128.37                 1.6         %      72.5    %          1.1       %   pts.           $177.11                   0.1         %
comparable systemwide international properties revpar                                   occupancy                               average daily rate
2016                                                    change vs. 2015           2016              change vs. 2015   2016                           change vs. 2015
greater china                      $89.33                 0.2         %      67.2    %          3.5       %   pts.           $132.92                  (5.1        )%
rest of asia pacific              $114.07                 4.0         %      74.4    %          2.4       %   pts.           $153.35                   0.7         %
asia pacific                       $99.50                 2.0         %      70.2    %          3.1       %   pts.           $141.82                  (2.5        )%
caribbean &amp; latin america     $116.98                (0.4        )%      63.5    %            -       %   pts.           $184.29                  (0.3        )%
europe                            $114.62                 1.4         %      70.6    %          0.1       %   pts.           $162.34                   1.3         %
middle east &amp; africa          $102.09                (3.5        )%      64.2    %          0.4       %   pts.           $159.12                  (4.1        )%
international - all (1)           $106.39                 0.7         %      68.5    %          1.4       %   pts.           $155.31                  (1.5        )%
worldwide (2)                     $113.50                 1.8         %      72.5    %          0.6       %   pts.           $156.53                   1.0         %
(1)   includes caribbean &amp; latin america, europe, middle east &amp; africa, and asia pacific.
(2)   includes north american - all and international - all.
consolidated results the following discussion presents an analysis of our consolidated results of operations for 2017, 2016, and 2015. in accordance with gaap, our income statements include legacy-starwood's results of operations from the merger date. all references to the effect of legacy-starwood operations on our 2017 results refer to the incremental amounts contributed by legacy-starwood operations in 2017 over the effect of legacy-starwood operations on our results for the period from the merger date through december 31, 2016. all references to the effect of the starwood combination on our 2016 results refer to the amounts contributed by legacy-starwood operations from the merger date through december 31, 2016.
our 2017 results were favorably impacted by the non-recurring gain on the disposition of our ownership interest in avendra, discussed in footnote 3 "acquisitions and dispositions." we committed to the owners of the hotels in our system that the benefits derived from avendra, including any dividends or sale proceeds above our original investment, would be used for the benefit of the hotels in our system. accordingly, we intend to utilize the net proceeds for the benefit of our system of hotels and are currently developing those plans. spending under those plans will be expensed in our income statements and reduce our profitability in future periods.
fee revenues
($ in millions)                      2017                2016                2015                    change 2017 vs. 2016                    change 2016 vs. 2015
base management fees           $1,102                $806                $698                $296                37     %            $108                15     %
franchise fees                  1,618               1,169                 984                 449                38     %             185                19     %
incentive management fees         607                 425                 319                 182                43     %             106                33     %
$3,327              $2,400              $2,001                $927                39     %            $399                20     %
2017 compared to 2016
the $296 million increase in base management fees primarily reflected $273 million of higher legacy-starwood fees, $18 million from stronger sales at legacy-marriott comparable properties primarily driven by revpar growth, and $14 million from legacy-marriott unit growth, partially offset by $6 million of lower fees from legacy-marriott properties that converted from managed to franchised and $4 million from legacy-marriott net unfavorable exchange rates.
30
the $449 million increase in franchise fees primarily reflected $346 million of higher legacy-starwood fees, $54 million from legacy-marriott unit growth, $18 million from legacy-marriott revpar growth, $14 million of higher legacy-marriott branding fees, $11 million of higher legacy-marriott relicensing fees, and $7 million of higher fees from legacy-marriott properties that converted from managed to franchised.
the $182 million increase in incentive management fees primarily reflected $159 million of higher legacy-starwood fees and $22 million from higher net house profits at legacy-marriott managed hotels.
in 2017, we earned incentive management fees from 71 percent of our managed properties. in north america, we earned incentive management fees from 60 percent of our managed properties. outside north america, we earned incentive management fees from 80 percent of our managed properties, representing 62 percent of our total incentive management fees in 2017 from managed properties.
2016 compared to 2015
the $108 million increase in base management fees was driven by $103 million from the starwood combination and the following legacy-marriott drivers: the impact of stronger sales at existing properties ($22 million) and unit growth across our system ($15 million), partially offset by the impact of unfavorable foreign exchange rates ($15 million), lower deferred fee recognition ($11 million), and lower fees from properties that converted from managed to franchised ($8 million).
the $185 million increase in franchise fees was driven by $98 million from the starwood combination and the following legacy-marriott drivers: the impact of unit growth across our system ($48 million), higher branding fees ($39 million), stronger sales at existing properties ($16 million), and higher fees from properties that converted from managed to franchised ($11 million), partially offset by lower relicensing fees ($22 million) and the impact of unfavorable foreign exchange rates ($7 million).
the $106 million increase in incentive management fees was driven by $72 million from the starwood combination and the following legacy-marriott drivers: higher net house profit and unit growth, higher incentive fees earned from a few limited-service portfolios ($10 million), and higher deferred fee recognition ($8 million), partially offset by the impact of unfavorable foreign exchange rates ($7 million).
in 2016, 69 percent of our legacy-marriott managed properties paid incentive management fees to us versus 68 percent in 2015. in north america, 65 percent of legacy-marriott managed properties paid incentive management fees in 2016 compared to 63 percent in 2015. outside north america, 74 percent of legacy-marriott managed properties paid incentive management fees in both 2016 and 2015, representing 48 percent of our total incentive management fees in 2016 from legacy-marriott managed properties compared to 51 percent of our total incentive management fees in 2015.
owned, leased, and other
($ in millions)                                      2017                2016              2015                    change 2017 vs. 2016                    change 2016 vs. 2015
owned, leased, and other revenue               $1,802              $1,126              $855                $676                60     %            $271                32     %
owned, leased, and other - direct expense       1,427                 900               733       527                          59     %   167                          23     %
$375                $226              $122                $149                66     %            $104                85     %
2017 compared to 2016
owned, leased, and other revenue, net of direct expenses increased by $149 million, primarily due to $160 million of higher legacy-starwood owned and leased profits, partially offset by $7 million of net lower legacy-marriott owned and leased profits, primarily driven by lower revpar in brazil and properties under renovation.
2016 compared to 2015
owned, leased, and other revenue, net of direct expenses increased by $104 million, driven by $78 million from the starwood combination and the following legacy-marriott changes: $17 million of net stronger performance at several properties following renovations, $15 million overall favorable results across our segments, and $4 million of lower pre-opening costs, partially offset by $10 million of lower profits from properties that converted from owned to managed.
31
cost reimbursements
($ in millions)                        2017   2016                2015                             change 2017 vs. 2016                change 2016 vs. 2015
cost reimbursements revenue     $17,765             $13,546             $11,630          $4,219                31     %      $1,916                16     %
reimbursed costs                 17,765              13,546              11,630           4,219                31     %       1,916                16     %
cost reimbursements revenue represents reimbursements of costs incurred on behalf of managed and franchised properties and relates, predominantly, to payroll costs at managed properties where we are the employer but also includes reimbursements for other costs, such as those associated with our loyalty programs, reservations, and marketing programs. as we record cost reimbursements based upon costs incurred with no added markup, this revenue and related expense has no impact on either our operating or net income.
2017 compared to 2016
the $4,219 million increase in cost reimbursements revenue and reimbursed costs primarily reflected higher legacy-starwood reimbursements, loyalty program activity, and growth across our system.
2016 compared to 2015
the $1,916 million increase in cost reimbursements revenue and reimbursed costs primarily reflected $1,348 million from the starwood combination and the following legacy-marriott drivers: higher property occupancies, unit growth across our system, and growth in the marriott rewards program membership and activity.
other operating expenses
($ in millions)                                2017              2016              2015                    change 2017 vs. 2016                    change 2016 vs. 2015
depreciation, amortization, and other      $290              $168              $139                $122                73   %               $29                21   %
general, administrative, and other          894               704               634       190                          27   %                70                11   %
merger-related costs and charges            159               386                 -                (227     )         (59   )%              386               nm nm means percentage change is not meaningful.
2017 compared to 2016
depreciation, amortization, and other expenses increased by $122 million, primarily reflecting higher depreciation and amortization on legacy-starwood assets and $6 million higher write-offs of deferred contract acquisition costs.
general, administrative, and other expenses increased by $190 million, primarily due to the starwood combination, $14 million of higher litigation expenses, $13 million of higher development expenses, $10 million of higher compensation expenses, and $10 million from net unfavorable foreign exchange rates.
merger-related costs and charges decreased by $227 million. for more information, see footnote 4 "merger-related costs and charges."
2016 compared to 2015
depreciation, amortization, and other expenses increased by $29 million driven by $43 million from the starwood combination, partially offset by a decrease of $14 million from legacy-marriott operations which primarily reflected a favorable variance to 2015 impairment charges.
general, administrative, and other expenses increased by $70 million, primarily due to $79 million from the starwood combination, partially offset by a net decrease of $9 million in legacy-marriott expenses. the decrease primarily reflected $15 million in lower reserves for guarantee funding and $9 million in lower foreign exchange losses, partially offset by $15 million of higher administrative costs to grow our brands globally, $4 million of higher bad debt reserves, and $3 million net unfavorable impact to our legal expenses associated with 2015 litigation resolutions.
merger-related costs and charges increased by $386 million. for more information, see footnote 4 "merger-related costs and charges."
32
non-operating income (expense)
($ in millions)                      2017              2016              2015                      change 2017 vs. 2016                   change 2016 vs. 2015
gains and other income, net      $688                $5               $27               $683               13,660     %           $(22     )         (81   )%
interest expense                 (288   )          (234   )          (167   )             54                   23     %             67                40   %
interest income                    38                35                29                  3                    9     %              6                21   %
equity in earnings                 39                10                16                 29                  290     %             (6     )         (38   )%
2017 compared to 2016
gains and other income, net increased by $683 million, primarily due to the disposition of our ownership interest in avendra and the gain on the sale of a north american full-service property in the 2017 second quarter. see the "dispositions" caption of footnote 3 "acquisitions and dispositions" for more information.
interest expense increased by $54 million, primarily due to an increase in debt as a result of the starwood combination and higher commercial paper borrowings, partially offset by $18 million of lower interest due to the maturities of series h and i notes and a $13 million favorable variance to the bridge term loan facility commitment costs that we incurred in 2016.
interest income increased by $3 million, primarily due to issuances of new loans, partially offset by $7 million lower interest income on a repaid loan.
equity in earnings increased by $29 million, primarily due to higher earnings by legacy-starwood investees.
2016 compared to 2015
gains and other income, net decreased by $22 million, primarily due to the net legacy-marriott gain that we recorded in 2015.
interest expense increased by $67 million, primarily due to a net increase in senior notes interest expense ($18 million), an increase in debt as a result of the starwood combination ($15 million), the amortization of costs for a bridge term loan facility commitment that we obtained in the 2016 first quarter ($13 million), net lower capitalized interest primarily due to the completion of the new york (madison square park) edition in 2015 ($9 million), and higher interest rates on commercial paper borrowings ($7 million).
interest income increased by $6 million, primarily driven by higher legacy-marriott interest income on a loan that we provided to an owner in conjunction with entering into a franchise agreement for a north american limited-service property in the 2015 fourth quarter ($8 million), partially offset by lower legacy-marriott interest income on two repaid loans ($6 million).
equity in earnings decreased by $6 million, primarily reflecting a net unfavorable variance to three legacy-marriott adjustments recorded in 2015, partially offset by $5 million from the starwood combination.
income taxes on december 22, 2017, the u.s. government enacted the 2017 tax act, which significantly changes how the u.s. taxes corporations. the 2017 tax act requires complex computations that were not previously required by u.s. tax law, significant judgments in interpretation of the provisions of the 2017 tax act and significant estimates in calculations, and preparation and analysis of information not previously relevant or regularly produced. the u.s. treasury department, the irs, and other standard-setting bodies could interpret or issue guidance on how provisions of the 2017 tax act will be applied or otherwise administered that differs from our interpretation. see footnote 7 "income taxes" for further information on the impact of the 2017 tax act on our 2017 results.
as discussed below and in footnote 7 "income taxes," our accounting for the 2017 tax act is not yet complete as we continue to refine our calculations, collect necessary information, and monitor developing interpretations. as we complete our analysis of the 2017 tax act, collect and prepare necessary data, and interpret any additional regulatory or accounting guidance, we may make adjustments to the provisional amounts we have recorded during a measurement period of up to one year from the enactment of the 2017 tax act that could materially impact our provision for income taxes in the periods in which we make such adjustments. although we are not yet able to quantify all impacts of the 2017 tax act on our 2018 and future results, we believe that the overall impact of the 2017 tax act on our future financial results will be positive. we discuss the provisional impact on our 2017 results and the potential impact on our future results further in the paragraphs below.
33
reduction of u.s. federal corporate tax rate. the 2017 tax act reduced the u.s. federal corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 21 percent, effective january 1, 2018. in 2017, we recorded a provisional estimated net tax benefit of $159 million from remeasurement of our year-end deferred tax assets and liabilities to reflect the lower rate at which we expect they will be realized in the future. while we have made a reasonable estimate of the impact of the corporate tax rate reduction, that estimate could change as we complete our analyses of all impacts of the 2017 tax act, including, but not limited to, our calculation of deemed repatriation of deferred foreign income and the state tax effect of adjustments made to federal temporary differences.
deemed repatriation transition tax. the deemed repatriation transition tax ("transition tax") is a new tax on previously untaxed earnings and profits ("e&p") of certain of our foreign subsidiaries accumulated post-1986 through year-end 2017. in addition to u.s. federal income taxes, deemed repatriation of such e&p under the 2017 tax act may result in additional state income taxes in some of the u.s. states in which we operate. we recorded a provisional estimated transition tax expense of $745 million in 2017. we are continuing to gather additional information to more precisely compute the amount of the transition tax, and our estimate could change when we finalize all necessary calculations.
we estimate that cash payments for the transition tax will total $600 million, which is lower than our provisional estimated transition tax expense due to our ability to utilize tax credits that we have carried over from prior years and other adjustments. the federal portion of the transition tax is payable over eight years, and we estimate that we will pay $578 million as follows: 8 percent in each of the years from 2018 to 2022, 15 percent in 2023, 20 percent in 2024, and 25 percent in 2025. our estimate includes payment of an additional $22 million in state income taxes in 2018 as a result of the 2017 tax act. these amounts could change when we finalize our analysis of the taxability of the e&p in the states in which we operate.
state net operating losses and valuation allowances. we must assess whether various aspects of the 2017 tax act affect our state net operating loss valuation allowances. as discussed above, we have recorded provisional estimates of state income taxes for certain portions of the 2017 tax act, but we have not completed our analysis for the states where we have net operating loss carryovers and valuation allowances. because we have not yet completed our determination of the need for, or any change in, any valuation allowance, we have not recorded any change to our valuation allowances as a result of the 2017 tax act.
other provisions. we continue to evaluate other provisions in the 2017 tax act, including: (1) the creation of the base erosion anti-abuse tax ("beat"), a new minimum tax; (2) elimination of u.s. federal income taxes on dividends from foreign subsidiaries; (3) a new provision designed to tax global intangible low-taxed income ("gilti"); (4) limitations on the deductibility of certain executive compensation; and (5) limitations on the use of foreign tax credits to reduce the u.s. income tax liability. because we have not yet completed our analysis of these provisions, we do not have a reasonable estimate of their potential impact, if any, on our future results.
the impact of the 2017 tax act, and other changes affecting our provision for income taxes, are discussed below.
($ in millions)              2017            2016              2015              change 2017 vs. 2016                change 2016 vs. 2015
provision for income taxes   $(1,464     )       $(404     )       $(396     )   $1,060            262         %     $8                2           %
2017 compared to 2016
provision for income taxes increased by $1,060 million, primarily due to the 2017 tax act ($586 million), the gain on the sale of our interest in avendra ($259 million), higher earnings due to the inclusion of legacy-starwood operations for the full year 2017 ($244 million), lower merger-related costs ($86 million), an unfavorable comparison to the 2016 release of a valuation allowance ($15 million), the gain on the disposition of a north american full-service property ($9 million), and a change in judgment regarding the realizability of certain deferred tax assets in certain states and foreign jurisdictions ($7 million). the increase was partially offset by tax benefits from the adoption of asu 2016-09 ($72 million), tax law changes in non-u.s. jurisdictions ($22 million), change in the jurisdictional mix of earnings ($26 million), the reversal of tax reserves related to interest accrued for previous periods ($15 million), and adjustments resulting from finalizing prior years' returns ($10 million).
2016 compared to 2015
provision for income taxes increased by $8 million, driven by $4 million from the starwood combination and the following legacy-marriott drivers: tax rate changes in several jurisdictions ($12 million), higher earnings from foreign operations ($6 million), and an unfavorable comparison to 2015 u.s. and foreign true-ups ($5 million), partially offset by lower u.s. earnings due to merger-related expenses ($11 million) and the release of a valuation allowance ($8 million).
34
business segments the following discussion presents an analysis of the results of operations of our reportable business segments: north american full-service, north american limited-service, and asia pacific. in the 2017 first quarter, our asia pacific operating segment met the applicable accounting criteria to be a reportable segment. our europe, middle east and africa, and caribbean and latin america operating segments do not individually meet the criteria for separate disclosure as reportable segments, and accordingly we have not included those operations in this discussion of our business segments. see footnote 18 "business segments" to our financial statements for other information about each segment, including revenues and a reconciliation of segment profits to net income.
our 2016 results in this section do not include any legacy-starwood results for the period between the merger date and the end of the 2016 third quarter, as we did not allocate any legacy-starwood results to our segments for the eight days ended september 30, 2016.
north american full-service
($ in millions)             2017   2016                2015                             change 2017 vs. 2016                change 2016 vs. 2015
segment revenues     $14,300             $10,376              $8,825          $3,924                38     %      $1,551                18     %
segment profits       $1,182                $777                $561            $405                52     %        $216                39     %
2017 compared to 2016
in 2017, across our north american full-service segment, we added 55 properties (13,056 rooms) and 12 properties (2,912 rooms) left our system.
north american full-service segment profits increased by $405 million, primarily due to the following:
•   $305 million of higher base management and franchise fees, primarily reflecting $297 million of higher legacy-starwood fees, $14 million from legacy-marriott unit growth, and $8 million of stronger revpar at legacy-marriott hotels, partially offset by $17 million of lower legacy-marriott residential branding fees;
•   $45 million of higher incentive management fees, primarily driven by $31 million of higher legacy-starwood fees and higher net house profits at legacy-marriott managed hotels;
•   $61 million of higher owned, leased, and other revenue, net of direct expenses, primarily reflecting $63 million of higher legacy-starwood owned and leased profits;
•   $44 million of higher depreciation, amortization, and other expenses, primarily reflecting higher depreciation and amortization on legacy-starwood assets;
•   $22 million of higher gains and other income, net, primarily due to the gain on the sale of a north american full-service hotel in the 2017 second quarter; and
•   $16 million of higher equity in earnings, primarily due to higher earnings by legacy-starwood investees.
cost reimbursements revenue and expenses for our north american full-service segment properties totaled $12,391 million in 2017, compared to $9,126 million in 2016.
2016 compared to 2015
in 2016, across our north american full-service segment we added 424 properties (154,521 rooms), including 398 properties (147,623 rooms) from the starwood combination on the merger date, and two properties (213 rooms) left our system.
north american full-service segment profits increased by $216 million, reflecting $110 million from the starwood combination and $106 million of higher legacy-marriott profits, primarily due to the following:
•   $58 million of higher legacy-marriott base management and franchise fees, primarily reflecting $30 million of stronger revpar and unit growth and $21 million of higher branding fees;
•   $17 million of higher legacy-marriott incentive management fees, primarily driven by higher net house profits at managed hotels;
35
•   $19 million of higher legacy-marriott owned, leased, and other revenue, net of direct expenses, primarily reflecting $10 million of favorable operating results at several properties and $6 million of lower pre-opening costs; and
•   $11 million of lower legacy-marriott general, administrative, and other expenses, primarily due to $6 million of lower reserves for guarantee funding and $5 million of lower administrative costs.
cost reimbursements revenue and expenses for our legacy-marriott north american full-service segment properties totaled $8,161 million in 2016, compared to $7,911 million in 2015.
north american limited-service
($ in millions)             2017   2016                2015                             change 2017 vs. 2016                change 2016 vs. 2015
segment revenues      $4,002              $3,561              $3,193            $441                12     %        $368                12     %
segment profits         $816                $698                $651            $118                17     %         $47                 7     %
2017 compared to 2016
in 2017, across our north american limited-service segment we added 270 properties (33,128 rooms) and 26 properties (2,875 rooms) left our system.
north american limited-service segment profits increased by $118 million, primarily due to the following:
•   $118 million of higher base management and franchise fees, primarily reflecting $51 million of higher legacy-starwood fees, $42 million from legacy-marriott unit growth, $13 million of higher legacy-marriott relicensing fees, and $11 million of stronger revpar at legacy-marriott hotels;
•   $6 million of lower incentive management fees, primarily driven by softer performance and a change in the specified owner return at a legacy-marriott portfolio of managed hotels; and
•   $5 million of higher owned, leased, and other revenue, net of direct expenses, primarily reflecting higher global design profits and higher legacy-marriott termination fees.
cost reimbursements revenue and expenses for our north american limited-service segment properties totaled $3,004 million in 2017, compared to $2,688 million in 2016.
2016 compared to 2015
in 2016, across our north american limited-service segment we added 451 properties (60,637 rooms), including 226 properties (34,294 rooms) from the starwood combination on the merger date, and 8 properties (880 rooms) left our system.
north american limited-service segment profits increased by $47 million, reflecting $9 million from the starwood combination and $38 million of higher legacy-marriott profits, primarily due to the following:
•   $14 million of higher legacy-marriott base management and franchise fees, primarily due to $50 million from new units and stronger revpar, partially offset by $24 million of lower relicensing fees and an $11 million decrease in deferred fee recognition;
•   $10 million of higher legacy-marriott incentive management fees, primarily driven by $10 million of higher incentive fees earned from a few limited-service portfolios;
•   $4 million of higher legacy-marriott owned, leased, and other revenue, net of direct expenses, primarily reflecting higher net earnings at several leased and owned properties;
•   $5 million of lower legacy-marriott general, administrative, and other expenses, primarily due to $7 million of lower reserves for guarantee funding; and
•   $3 million of higher legacy-marriott gains and other income, net, primarily due to a favorable variance to the $4 million prior year disposal loss for a north american limited-service segment plot of land.
cost reimbursements revenue and expenses for our legacy-marriott north american limited-service segment properties totaled $2,646 million in 2016, compared to $2,366 million in 2015.
36
asia pacific
($ in millions)             2017   2016              2015                           change 2017 vs. 2016                change 2016 vs. 2015
segment revenues      $1,344              $761              $516            $583                77     %        $245                47     %
segment profits         $345              $176               $98            $169                96     %         $78                80     %
2017 compared to 2016
in 2017, across our asia pacific segment we added 77 properties (18,035 rooms) and 10 properties (3,961 rooms) left our system.
asia pacific segment profits increased by $169 million, primarily due to the following changes:
•   $109 million of higher base management and franchise fees, primarily due to $89 million of higher legacy-starwood fees, $9 million of higher legacy-marriott branding fees, $6 million from legacy-marriott unit growth, and $5 million from stronger revpar at legacy-marriott hotels;
•   $92 million of higher incentive management fees, primarily due to $80 million of higher legacy-starwood fees, $8 million from higher net house profits at legacy-marriott managed hotels, and $4 million from legacy-marriott unit growth;
•   $19 million of higher owned, leased, and other revenue, net of direct expenses, primarily due to $22 million of higher legacy-starwood owned and leased profits;
•   $24 million of higher depreciation, amortization, and other expenses, primarily reflecting higher depreciation and amortization on legacy-starwood assets;
•   $34 million of higher general, administrative, and other expenses, primarily due to the starwood combination; and
•   $8 million of higher equity in earnings, primarily due to higher earnings by legacy-starwood investees.
cost reimbursements revenue and expenses for our asia pacific segment properties totaled $695 million in 2017, compared to $404 million in 2016.
2016 compared to 2015
in 2016, across our asia pacific segment we added 377 properties (115,995 rooms), including 335 properties (103,611 rooms) from the starwood combination on the merger date, and 4 properties (1,342 rooms) left our system.
asia pacific segment profits increased by $78 million, reflecting $61 million from the starwood combination and $17 million of higher legacy-marriott profits, primarily due to the following:
•   $7 million of higher legacy-marriott base management and franchise fees, primarily due to $9 million of stronger revpar and unit growth and $2 million of higher branding fees, partially offset by the impact of $2 million in unfavorable foreign exchange rates;
•   $8 million of higher legacy-marriott incentive management fees, primarily driven by $10 million in higher net house profits and unit growth, partially offset by the impact of $2 million in unfavorable foreign exchange rates;
•   $3 million of higher legacy-marriott owned, leased, and other revenue, net of direct expenses, primarily reflecting stronger performance at a property following renovations and the impact of $2 million in favorable foreign exchange rates;
•   $4 million of higher legacy-marriott general, administrative, and other expenses, primarily due to an increase in administrative costs to grow our brands globally; and
•   $4 million of higher legacy-marriott equity in earnings, primarily reflecting a 2015 impairment charge on an asia pacific joint venture ($6 million).
cost reimbursements revenue and expenses for our legacy-marriott asia pacific segment properties totaled $320 million in 2016, compared to $274 million in 2015.
37
share-based compensation we award: (1) restricted stock units ("rsus") of our common stock; (2) stock appreciation rights ("sars") for our common stock; (3) stock options to purchase our common stock; and (4) deferred stock units. we also issue performance-based rsus ("psus") to named executive officers and some of their direct reports. see footnote 6 "share-based compensation" for more information.
new accounting standards see footnote 2 "summary of significant accounting policies" for information on our anticipated adoption of recently issued accounting standards.
liquidity and capital resources cash requirements and our credit facility we are party to a multicurrency revolving credit agreement (the "credit facility") that provides for up to $4,000 million of aggregate effective borrowings to support our commercial paper program and general corporate needs, including working capital, capital expenditures, share repurchases, letters of credit, and acquisitions. borrowings under the credit facility generally bear interest at libor (the london interbank offered rate) plus a spread, based on our public debt rating. we also pay quarterly fees on the credit facility at a rate based on our public debt rating. while any outstanding commercial paper borrowings and/or borrowings under our credit facility generally have short-term maturities, we classify the outstanding borrowings as long-term based on our ability and intent to refinance the outstanding borrowings on a long-term basis. the credit facility expires on june 10, 2021.
the credit facility contains certain covenants, including a single financial covenant that limits our maximum leverage (consisting of the ratio of adjusted total debt to consolidated earnings before interest expense, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("ebitda"), each as defined in the credit facility) to not more than 4 to 1. our outstanding public debt does not contain a corresponding financial covenant or a requirement that we maintain certain financial ratios. we currently satisfy the covenants in our credit facility and public debt instruments, including the leverage covenant under the credit facility, and do not expect the covenants will restrict our ability to meet our anticipated borrowing and guarantee levels or increase those levels should we decide to do so in the future.
we believe the credit facility and our access to capital markets, together with cash we expect to generate from operations, remain adequate to meet our short-term and long-term liquidity requirements, finance our long-term growth plans, meet debt service, and fulfill other cash requirements.
we issue commercial paper in the u.s. we do not have purchase commitments from buyers for our commercial paper; therefore, our ability to issue commercial paper is subject to market demand. we classify any outstanding commercial paper and credit facility borrowings as long-term based on our ability and intent to refinance them on a long-term basis. we reserve unused capacity under our credit facility to repay outstanding commercial paper borrowings if the commercial paper market is not available to us for any reason when outstanding borrowings mature. we do not expect that fluctuations in the demand for commercial paper will affect our liquidity, given our borrowing capacity under the credit facility.
at year-end 2017, our available borrowing capacity amounted to $2,010 million and reflected borrowing capacity of $1,627 million under our credit facility and our cash balance of $383 million. we calculated that borrowing capacity by taking $4,000 million of effective aggregate bank commitments under our credit facility and subtracting $2,373 million of outstanding commercial paper (there being no outstanding letters of credit under our credit facility).
we monitor the status of the capital markets and regularly evaluate the effect that changes in capital market conditions may have on our ability to execute our announced growth plans. we expect to continue meeting part of our financing and liquidity needs, primarily through commercial paper borrowings, issuances of senior notes, and access to long-term committed credit facilities. if conditions in the lodging industry deteriorate, or if disruptions in the capital markets take place as they did in the immediate aftermath of both the 2008 worldwide financial crisis and the events of september 11, 2001, we may be unable to place some or all of our commercial paper on a temporary or extended basis and may have to rely more on borrowings under the credit facility, which we believe will be adequate to fund our liquidity needs, including repayment of debt obligations, but which may carry a higher cost than commercial paper. since we continue to have ample flexibility under the credit facility's covenants, we expect that undrawn bank commitments under the credit facility will remain available to us even if business conditions were to deteriorate markedly.
38
cash from operations cash from operations and non-cash items for the last three fiscal years are as follows:
($ in millions)                 2017                2016                2015
cash from operations      $2,436              $1,682              $1,515
non-cash items (1)         1,299                 456                 395
(1)   includes depreciation, amortization, share-based compensation, and deferred income taxes.
our ratio of current assets to current liabilities was 0.5 to 1.0 at year-end 2017 and 0.7 to 1.0 at year-end 2016. we minimize working capital through cash management, strict credit-granting policies, and aggressive collection efforts. we also have significant borrowing capacity under our credit facility should we need additional working capital.
our ratios of earnings to fixed charges for the last five fiscal years, the calculations of which we detail in exhibit 12 to this 2017 annual report on form 10-k, are as follows:
fiscal years
2017   2016        2015        2014        2013
8.8x        5.1x        6.4x        6.2x        5.1x for 2018, we plan to invest in our workforce by offering an additional one-time contribution to our retirement savings plans. structured as a $5-to-$1 company match of up to $1,000, we expect the vast majority of participating associates would receive this incremental company contribution. this contribution will be available to eligible associates at company-operated hotels, as well as those in corporate and regional offices, in the u.s. we also expect to invest in global associate support programs. we estimate an overall cost of $140 million for these investments in our workforce, with approximately $70 million of that amount coming from proceeds from the 2017 sale of our interest in avendra.
investing activities cash flows acquisition of a business, net of cash acquired. cash outflows of $2,412 million in 2016 were due to the starwood combination. see footnote 3 "acquisitions and dispositions" for more information.
capital expenditures and other investments. we made capital expenditures of $240 million in 2017, $199 million in 2016, and $305 million in 2015. capital expenditures in 2017 increased by $41 million compared to 2016, primarily due to improvements to our worldwide systems and improvements to hotels acquired in the starwood combination. capital expenditures in 2016 decreased by $106 million compared to 2015, primarily due to lower spending for our edition hotels.
we expect 2018 investment spending will total approximately $600 million to $700 million, including approximately $225 million for maintenance capital spending. consolidated investment spending also includes other capital expenditures (including property acquisitions), loan advances, contract acquisition costs, and equity and other investments.
over time, we have sold lodging properties, both completed and under development, subject to long-term management agreements. the ability of third-party purchasers to raise the debt and equity capital necessary to acquire such properties depends in part on the perceived risks inherent in the lodging industry and other constraints inherent in the capital markets. we monitor the status of the capital markets and regularly evaluate the potential impact of changes in capital market conditions on our business operations. in the starwood combination, we acquired various hotels and joint venture interests in hotels, many of which we have sold or are seeking to sell. we also expect to continue making selective and opportunistic investments to add units to our lodging business, which may include new construction, loans, guarantees, and noncontrolling equity investments.
fluctuations in the values of hotel real estate generally have little impact on our overall business results because: (1) we own less than one percent of hotels that we operate or franchise; (2) management and franchise fees are generally based upon hotel revenues and profits rather than current hotel property values; and (3) our management agreements generally do not terminate upon hotel sale or foreclosure.
dispositions. property and asset sales generated $1,418 million cash proceeds in 2017 and $218 million in 2016. see footnote 3 "acquisitions and dispositions" for more information on completed dispositions and planned dispositions.
loan activity. from time to time, we make loans to owners of hotels that we operate or franchise. loan collections, net of loan advances, amounted to $94 million in 2017, compared to net collections of $35 million in 2016. at year-end 2017, we had $149 million of senior, mezzanine, and other loans outstanding, compared to $248 million outstanding at year-end 2016.
39
equity and cost method investments. cash outflows of $63 million in 2017, $14 million in 2016, and $7 million in 2015 for equity and cost method investments primarily reflect our investments in several joint ventures.
financing activities cash flows debt. debt decreased by $268 million in 2017, to $8,238 million at year-end 2017 from $8,506 million at year-end 2016, primarily due to $293 million in series i notes that matured in the 2017 second quarter, partially offset by increased commercial paper borrowings. see footnote 11 "long-term debt" for additional information on the debt issuances.
our financial objectives include diversifying our financing sources, optimizing the mix and maturity of our long-term debt, and reducing our working capital. at year-end 2017, our long-term debt had a weighted average interest rate of 2.9 percent and a weighted average maturity of approximately 5.0 years. the ratio of our fixed-rate long-term debt to our total long-term debt was 0.7 to 1.0 at year-end 2017.
see the "cash requirements and our credit facility," caption in this "liquidity and capital resources" section for more information on our credit facility.
share repurchases. we purchased 29.2 million shares of our common stock in 2017 at an average price of $103.66 per share, 8.0 million shares in 2016 at an average price of $71.55 per share, and 25.7 million shares in 2015 at an average price of $75.48 per share. at year-end 2017, 32.2 million shares remained available for repurchase under board approved authorizations. for additional information, see "fourth quarter 2017 issuer purchases of equity securities" in part ii, item 5.
dividends. our board of directors declared the following quarterly cash dividends in 2017: (1) $0.30 per share declared on february 10, 2017 and paid march 31, 2017 to shareholders of record on february 24, 2017, (2) $0.33 per share declared on may 5, 2017 and paid june 30, 2017 to shareholders of record on may 19, 2017, (3) $0.33 per share declared on august 10, 2017 and paid september 29, 2017 to shareholders of record on august 24, 2017, and (4) $0.33 per share declared on november 9, 2017 and paid december 29, 2017 to shareholders of record on november 22, 2017. our board of directors declared a cash dividend of $0.33 per share on february 9, 2018, payable on march 30, 2018 to shareholders of record on february 23, 2018.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements contractual obligations the following table summarizes our contractual obligations at year-end 2017:
payments due by period
($ in millions)                                             total             less than1 year             1-3 years             3-5 years             after5 years debt (1)                                               $9,121                    $584                  $1,508                $4,556                  $2,473
capital lease obligations (1)                             246                      13                      28                    27                     178
operating leases where we are the primary obligor       2,292                     187                     354                   297                   1,454
purchase obligations                                      366                     188                     174                     4                       -
other noncurrent liabilities                              105                       1                      26                    13                      65
total contractual obligations                         $12,130                    $973                  $2,090                $4,897                  $4,170
(1)   includes principal as well as interest payments.
the preceding table does not reflect estimated transition tax payments totaling $600 million as a result of the 2017 tax act. in addition, the table does not reflect unrecognized tax benefits at year-end 2017 of $448 million. see footnote 7 "income taxes" for additional information.
in addition to the purchase obligations noted in the preceding table, in the normal course of business we enter into purchase commitments to manage the daily operating needs of the hotels that we manage. since we are reimbursed from the cash flows of the hotels, these obligations have minimal impact on our net income and cash flow.
40
other commitments the following table summarizes our guarantee, investment, and loan commitments at year-end 2017:
($ in millions)                                                      totalamountscommitted            less than1 year            1-3 years            3-5 years            after5 years guarantee commitments (expiration by period)                                $377                          $20                   $149                 $100                   $108
investment and loan commitments (expected funding by period)                  60             50                         5                    3                    2
total other commitments                                                     $437                          $70                   $154                 $103                   $110
in conjunction with financing obtained for specific projects or properties owned by joint ventures in which we are a party, we may provide industry standard indemnifications to the lender for loss, liability, or damage occurring as a result of our actions or the actions of the other joint venture owner.
for further information, including the nature of the commitments and their expirations, see the "commitments" caption in footnote 8 "commitments and contingencies."
letters of credit at year-end 2017, we had $162 million of letters of credit outstanding (all outside the credit facility, as defined in footnote 11 "long-term debt"), most of which were for our self-insurance programs. surety bonds issued as of year-end 2017 totaled $155 million, most of which state governments requested in connection with our self-insurance programs.
related party transactions equity method investments we have equity method investments in entities that own properties for which we provide management services and receive fees. we also have equity method investments in entities that provide management and/or franchise services to hotels and receive fees. in addition, in some cases we provide loans, preferred equity, or guarantees to these entities.
other related parties we provide management services for and receive fees from properties owned by jwm family enterprises, l.p., which is beneficially owned and controlled by j.w. marriott, jr., deborah marriott harrison, and other members of the marriott family.
for more information, including the impact to our financial statements of transactions with these related parties, see footnote 19 "related party transactions."
critical accounting policies and estimates our preparation of financial statements in accordance with gaap requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts and related disclosures. management considers an accounting policy and estimate to be critical if: (1) we must make assumptions that were uncertain when the estimate was made; and (2) changes in the estimate, or selection of a different estimate methodology could have a material effect on our consolidated results of operations or financial condition. management has discussed the development and selection of its critical accounting policies and estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors.
while we believe that our estimates, assumptions, and judgments are reasonable, they are based on information available when the estimate or assumption was made. actual results may differ significantly. additionally, changes in our assumptions, estimates or assessments due to unforeseen events or otherwise could have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations.
see footnote 2 "summary of significant accounting policies" for further information related our critical accounting policies and estimates, which are as follows:
loyalty programs, including how members earn points, how we estimate the value of future redemption obligation, and how we recognize revenue for these programs;
goodwill, including how we evaluate the fair value of reporting units and when we record an impairment loss on goodwill;
41
intangibles and long-lived assets, including how we evaluate the fair value of intangibles and long-lived assets and when we record impairment losses on intangibles and long-lived assets;
investments, including information on how we evaluate the fair value of investments and when we record impairment losses on investments;
loan loss reserves, including information on how we measure impairment on senior, mezzanine, and other loans of these types;
income taxes, including information on how we determine our current year amounts payable or refundable, our estimate of deferred tax assets and liabilities, as well our provisional estimates of the current year impacts of the 2017 tax act; and business combinations, including the assumptions that we make to estimate the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed related to discount rates, royalty rates, and the amount and timing of future cash flows.
