item 1a.   risk factors

the following risk factors and other information included in this annual report on form 10-k should be carefully considered. the risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones the company faces. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to the company or that the company’s management currently deems minor or insignificant also may impair its business operations. if any of the following risks occur, moody’s business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. these risk factors should be read in conjunction with the other information in this annual report on form 10-k.
u.s. laws and regulations affecting the credit rating industry may negatively impact the nature and economics of the company’s business.
moody’s operates in a highly regulated industry and is subject to extensive regulation by federal, state and local authorities in the u.s., including the reform act and the financial reform act. these regulations are complex, continually evolving and have tended to become more stringent over time. see “regulation” in part 1, item 1 of this annual report on form 10-k for more information. these laws and regulations:
»   seek to encourage, and may result in, increased competition among rating agencies and in the credit rating business;

»   may result in alternatives to credit ratings or changes in the pricing of credit ratings;

»   restrict the use of information in the development or maintenance of credit ratings;

»   increase regulatory oversight of the credit markets and cra operations;

»   provide for direct jurisdiction of the sec over cras that seek nrsro status, and grant authority to the sec to inspect the operations of cras; and

»   authorize the adoption of enhanced oversight standards and new pleading standards, which may result in increases in the number of legal proceedings claiming liability for losses suffered by investors on rated securities and aggregate legal defense costs.

these laws and regulations, and any future rulemaking or court rulings, could result in reduced demand for credit ratings and increased costs, which moody’s may be unable to pass through to customers. in addition, there may be uncertainty over the scope, interpretation and administration of such laws and regulations. the company may be required to incur significant expenses in order to ensure compliance and mitigate the risk of fines, penalties or other sanctions. legal proceedings could become increasingly lengthy and there may be uncertainty over and exposure to liability. it is difficult to accurately assess the future impact of legislative and regulatory requirements on moody’s business and its customers’ businesses. for example, new laws and regulations may affect mis’s communications with issuers as part of the rating assignment process, alter the manner in which mis’s ratings are developed, assigned and communicated, affect the manner in which mis or its customers or users of credit ratings operate, impact the demand for mis’s ratings and alter the economics of the credit ratings business, including by restricting or mandating business models for rating agencies. further, speculation concerning the impact of legislative and regulatory initiatives and the increased uncertainty over potential liability and adverse legal or judicial determinations may negatively affect moody’s stock price. although these legislative and regulatory initiatives apply to rating agencies and credit markets generally, they may affect moody’s in a disproportionate manner. each of these developments increase the costs and legal risk associated with the issuance of credit ratings and may have a material adverse effect on moody’s operations, profitability and competitiveness, the demand for credit ratings and the manner in which such ratings are utilized.
financial reforms outside the u.s. affecting the credit rating industry may negatively impact the nature and economics of the company’s business.
in addition to the extensive and evolving u.s. laws and regulations governing the industry, foreign jurisdictions have taken measures to increase regulation of rating agencies and the markets for ratings. in particular, the eu has adopted a common regulatory framework for rating agencies operating in the eu. as a result, esma has direct supervisory authority for cras in the eu and has the power to take enforcement action against non-compliant cras, including through the issuance of public notices, withdrawal of registration and, in some cases, the imposition of fines.
mis is a registered entity and is therefore subject to formal regulation and periodic inspection in the eu. applicable rules include procedural requirements with respect to ratings of sovereign issuers, liability for intentional or grossly negligent failure to abide by applicable regulations, mandatory rotation requirements of cras hired by issuers of securities for ratings of resecuritizations, and restrictions on cras or their shareholders if certain ownership thresholds are crossed. additional procedural and substantive requirements include conditions for the issuance of credit ratings, rules regarding the organization of cras, restrictions on activities deemed to create a conflict of interest, including fees that are based on costs and are non-discriminatory, and special requirements for the rating of structured finance instruments. compliance with the eu regulations may increase costs of operations and could have a significant negative effect on moody’s operations, profitability or ability to compete, or the markets for its products and services, including in ways that moody’s presently is unable to predict. in addition, exposure to increased liability under the eu regulations may further increase costs and legal risks associated with the issuance of credit ratings and materially and adversely impact moody’s results of operations.
18   moody’s 2017 10-k the eu and other jurisdictions engage in rulemaking on an ongoing basis that could significantly impact operations or the markets for moody’s products and services, including regulations extending to products and services not currently regulated and regulations affecting the need for debt securities to be rated, expansion of supervisory remit to include non-eu ratings used for regulatory purposes, increasing the level of competition in the market for credit ratings, establishing criteria for credit ratings or limiting the entities authorized to provide credit ratings. moody’s cannot predict the extent of such future laws and regulations, and the effect that they will have on moody’s business or the potential for increased exposure to liability could be significant. financial reforms in the eu and other foreign jurisdictions may have a material adverse effect on moody’s business, operating results and financial condition.
the company faces exposure to litigation and government regulatory proceedings, investigations and inquiries related to rating opinions and other business practices.
moody’s faces exposure to litigation and government and regulatory proceedings, investigations and inquiries related to mis’s ratings actions, as well as other business practices and products. if the market value of credit-dependent instruments declines or defaults, whether as a result of difficult economic times, turbulent markets or otherwise, the number of investigations and legal proceedings that moody’s faces could increase significantly. parties who invest in securities rated by mis may pursue claims against mis or moody’s for losses they face in their portfolios. moody’s has faced numerous class action lawsuits and other litigation, government investigations and inquiries concerning events linked to the u.s. subprime residential mortgage sector and broader deterioration in the credit markets during the financial crisis of 2007-2008. legal proceedings impose additional expenses on the company and require the attention of senior management to an extent that may significantly reduce their ability to devote time addressing other business issues, and any of these proceedings, investigations or inquiries could ultimately result in adverse judgments, damages, fines, penalties or activity restrictions. risks relating to legal proceedings may be heightened in foreign jurisdictions that lack the legal protections or liability standards comparable to those that exist in the u.s. in addition, new laws and regulations have been and may continue to be enacted that establish lower liability standards, shift the burden of proof or relax pleading requirements, thereby increasing the risk of successful litigations in the u.s. and in foreign jurisdictions. these litigation risks are often difficult to assess or quantify. moody’s may not have adequate insurance or reserves to cover these risks, and the existence and magnitude of these risks often remains unknown for substantial periods of time. furthermore, to the extent that moody’s is unable to achieve dismissals at an early stage and litigation matters proceed to trial, the aggregate legal defense costs incurred by moody’s increase substantially, as does the risk of an adverse outcome. additionally, as litigation or the process to resolve pending matters progresses, moody’s may change its accounting estimates, which could require moody’s to record liabilities in the consolidated financial statements in future periods. see note 19 to the consolidated financial statements for more information regarding ongoing investigations and civil litigation that the company currently faces. due to the number of these proceedings and the significant amount of damages sought, there is a risk that moody’s will be subject to judgments, settlements, fines, penalties or other adverse results that could have a material adverse effect on its business, operating results and financial condition.
the company is exposed to legal, economic, operational and regulatory risks of operating in multiple jurisdictions.
moody’s conducts operations in various countries outside the u.s. and derives a significant portion of its revenue from foreign sources. changes in the economic condition of the various foreign economies in which the company operates may have an impact on the company’s business. for example, economic uncertainty in the eurozone or elsewhere could affect the number of securities offerings undertaken within those particular areas. in addition, operations abroad expose moody’s to a number of legal, economic and regulatory risks such as:
»   exposure to exchange rate movements between foreign currencies and usd;

»   restrictions on the ability to convert local currency into usd and the costs, including the tax impact, of repatriating cash held by entities outside the u.s.;

»   u.s. laws affecting overseas operations including domestic and foreign export and import restrictions, tariffs and other trade barriers;

»   differing and potentially conflicting legal or civil liability, compliance and regulatory standards, including as a result of the u.k.’s referendum vote to withdraw from the eu, brexit;

»   current and future regulations relating to the imposition of mandatory rotation requirements on cras hired by issuers of securities;

»   uncertain and evolving laws and regulations, including those applicable to the financial services industries, such as the european union’s implementation of the markets in financial instruments directive ii, mifid ii, in january 2018, and to the protection of intellectual property;

»   economic, political and geopolitical market conditions;

»   the possibility of nationalization, expropriation, price controls and other restrictive governmental actions;

moody’s 2017 10-k   19
»   competition with local rating agencies that have greater familiarity, longer operating histories and/or support from local governments or other institutions;

»   uncertainties of obtaining data and creating products and services relevant to particular geographic markets;

»   reduced protection for intellectual property rights;

»   longer payment cycles and possible problems in collecting receivables;

»   differing accounting principles and standards;

»   difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations;

»   difficulties and delays in translating documentation into foreign languages; and

»   potentially adverse tax consequences.

additionally, moody’s is subject to complex u.s., foreign and other local laws and regulations that are applicable to its operations abroad, such as the foreign corrupt practices act of 1977, the u.k. bribery act of 2010 and other anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws. although the company has implemented internal controls, policies and procedures and employee training and compliance programs to deter prohibited practices, such measures may not be effective in preventing employees, contractors or agents from violating or circumventing such internal policies and violating applicable laws and regulations. any determination that the company has violated anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws could have a material adverse effect on moody’s business, operating results and financial condition. compliance with international and u.s. laws and regulations that apply to the company’s international operations increases the cost of doing business in foreign jurisdictions. violations of such laws and regulations may result in severe fines and penalties, criminal sanctions, administrative remedies, restrictions on business conduct and could have a material adverse effect on moody’s reputation, its ability to attract and retain employees, its business, operating results and financial condition.
moody’s operations and infrastructure may malfunction or fail.
moody’s ability to conduct business may be materially and adversely impacted by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports its businesses and the communities in which moody’s is located, including new york city, the location of moody’s headquarters, major cities worldwide in which moody’s has offices, and locations in china used for certain moody’s back office work. this may include a disruption involving physical or technological infrastructure (whether or not controlled by the company), including the company’s electronic delivery systems, data center facilities, or the internet, used by the company or third parties with or through whom moody’s conducts business. many of the company’s products and services are delivered electronically and the company’s customers depend on the company’s ability to receive, store, process, transmit and otherwise rapidly handle very substantial quantities of data and transactions on computer-based networks. the company’s customers also depend on the continued capacity, reliability and security of the company’s telecommunications, data centers, networks and other electronic delivery systems, including its websites and connections to the internet. the company’s employees also depend on these systems for internal use. any significant failure, compromise, cyber-breach, interruption or a significant slowdown of operations of the company’s infrastructure, whether due to human error, capacity constraints, hardware failure or defect, natural disasters, fire, power loss, telecommunication failures, break-ins, sabotage, intentional acts of vandalism, acts of terrorism, political unrest, war or otherwise, may impair the company’s ability to deliver its products and services.
moody’s efforts to secure and plan for potential disruptions of its major operating systems may not be successful. the company relies on third-party providers to provide certain essential services. while the company believes that such providers are reliable, the company has limited control over the performance of such providers. to the extent any of the company’s third-party providers ceases to provide these services in an efficient, cost-effective manner or fails to adequately expand its services to meet the company’s needs and the needs of the company’s customers, the company could experience lower revenues and higher costs. additionally, although the company maintains processes to prevent, detect and recover from a disruption, the company also does not have fully redundant systems for most of its smaller office locations and low-risk systems, and its disaster recovery plan does not include restoration of non-essential services. if a disruption occurs in one of moody’s locations or systems and its personnel in those locations or those who rely on such systems are unable to utilize other systems or communicate with or travel to other locations, such persons’ ability to service and interact with moody’s customers may suffer. the company cannot predict with certainty all of the adverse effects that could result from the company’s failure, or the failure of a third party, to efficiently address and resolve these delays and interruptions. a disruption to moody’s operations or infrastructure may have a material adverse effect on its reputation, business, operating results and financial condition.
the company is exposed to risks related to cybersecurity and protection of confidential information.
the company’s operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential, sensitive, proprietary and other types of information relating to its business operations and confidential and sensitive information about its customers and employees in the
20   moody’s 2017 10-k company’s computer systems and networks, and in those of its third party vendors. the cyber risks the company faces range from cyber-attacks common to most industries, to more advanced threats that target the company because of its prominence in the global marketplace, or due to its ratings of sovereign debt. breaches of moody’s or moody’s vendors’ technology and systems, whether from circumvention of security systems, denial-of-service attacks or other cyber-attacks, hacking, “phishing” attacks, computer viruses, ransomware, or malware, employee or insider error, malfeasance, social engineering, physical breaches or other actions, may result in manipulation or corruption of sensitive data, material interruptions or malfunctions in the company’s or such vendors’ web sites, applications, data processing, or disruption of other business operations, or may compromise the confidentiality and integrity of material information held by the company (including information about moody’s business, employees or customers), as well as sensitive personally identifiable information (“pii”), the disclosure of which could lead to identity theft. measures that moody’s takes to avoid, detect, mitigate or recover from material incidents can be expensive, and may be insufficient, circumvented, or may become ineffective. to conduct its operations, the company regularly moves data across national borders, and consequently is subject to a variety of continuously evolving and developing laws and regulations in the united states and abroad regarding privacy, data protection and data security. the scope of the laws that may be applicable to moody’s is often uncertain and may be conflicting, particularly with respect to foreign laws. for example, the european union’s general data protection regulation (“gdpr”), which greatly increases the jurisdictional reach of european union law and adds a broad array of requirements for handling personal data, including the public disclosure of significant data breaches, becomes effective in may 2018. additionally, other countries have enacted or are enacting data localization laws that require data to stay within their borders. all of these evolving compliance and operational requirements impose significant costs that are likely to increase over time.
the company has invested and continues to invest in risk management and information security measures in order to protect its systems and data, including employee training, disaster plans, and technical defenses, in order to protect its systems and data. the cost and operational consequences of implementing, maintaining and enhancing further data or system protection measures could increase significantly to overcome increasingly intense, complex, and sophisticated global cyber threats. despite the company’s best efforts, it is not fully insulated from data breaches and system disruptions. recent well-publicized security breaches at other companies have led to enhanced government and regulatory scrutiny of the measures taken by companies to protect against cyber-attacks, and may in the future result in heightened cybersecurity requirements, including additional regulatory expectations for oversight of vendors and service providers. any material breaches of cybersecurity or media reports of perceived security vulnerabilities to the company’s systems or those of the company’s third parties, even if no breach has been attempted or occurred, could cause the company to experience reputational harm, loss of customers and revenue, regulatory actions and scrutiny, sanctions or other statutory penalties, litigation, liability for failure to safeguard the company’s customers’ information, or financial losses that are either not insured against or not fully covered through any insurance maintained by the company. any of the foregoing may have a material adverse effect on moody’s business, operating results and financial condition.
changes in the volume of debt securities issued in domestic and/or global capital markets, asset levels and flows into investment levels and changes in interest rates and other volatility in the financial markets may negatively impact the nature and economics of the company’s business.
moody’s business is impacted by general economic conditions and volatility in the u.s. and world financial markets. furthermore, issuers of debt securities may elect to issue securities without ratings or securities which are rated or evaluated by non-traditional parties such as financial advisors, rather than traditional cras, such as mis. a majority of moody’s credit-rating-based revenue is transaction-based, and therefore it is especially dependent on the number and dollar volume of debt securities issued in the capital markets. market disruptions and economic slowdown and uncertainty have in the past negatively impacted the volume of debt securities issued in global capital markets and the demand for credit ratings. the tax act, in addition to other changes to u.s. tax laws and policy, could negatively affect the volume of debt securities issued in the u.s. for example, the tax act will limit deductibility on interest payments and significantly reduce the tax cost associated with the repatriation of cash held outside the u.s., both of which could negatively affect the volume of debt securities issued. conditions that reduce issuers’ ability or willingness to issue debt securities, such as market volatility, declining growth, currency devaluations or other adverse economic trends, reduce the number and dollar-equivalent volume of debt issuances for which moody’s provides ratings services and thereby adversely affect the fees moody’s earns in its ratings business.
economic and government factors such as a long-term continuation of difficult economic conditions or a re-emergence of the sovereign debt crisis in europe may have an adverse impact on the company’s business. future debt issuances also could be negatively affected by increases in interest rates, widening credit spreads, regulatory and political developments, growth in the use of alternative sources of credit, and defaults by significant issuers. declines or other changes in the markets for debt securities may materially and adversely affect the company’s business, operating results and financial condition.
moody’s initiatives to reduce costs to counteract a decline in its business may not be sufficient and cost reductions may be difficult or impossible to obtain in the short term, due in part to rent, technology, compliance and other fixed costs associated with some of the company’s operations as well as the need to monitor outstanding ratings. further, cost-reduction initiatives, including those under-
moody’s 2017 10-k   21
taken to date, could make it difficult for the company to rapidly expand operations in order to accommodate any unexpected increase in the demand for ratings. volatility in the financial markets, including changes in the volumes of debt securities and changes in interest rates, may have a material adverse effect on the business, operating results and financial condition, which the company may not be able to successfully offset with cost reductions.
the company faces increased pricing pressure from competitors and/or customers.
there is price competition in the credit rating, research, credit risk management markets, research and analytical services and financial training and certification services. moody’s faces competition globally from other cras and from investment banks and brokerage firms that offer credit opinions in research, as well as from in-house research operations. competition for customers and market share has spurred more aggressive tactics by some competitors in areas such as pricing and services, as well as increased competition from non-nrsros that evaluate debt risk for issuers or investors. at the same time, a challenging business environment and consolidation among customers, particularly those involved in structured finance products, and other factors affecting demand may enhance the market power of competitors and reduce the company’s customer base. weak economic growth intensifies competitive pricing pressures and can result in customers’ use of free or lower-cost information that is available from alternative sources. while moody’s seeks to compete primarily on the basis of the quality of its products and services, it may lose market share if its pricing is not sufficiently competitive. in addition, the reform act was designed to encourage competition among rating agencies. the formation of additional nrsros may increase pricing and competitive pressures. furthermore, in some of the countries in which moody’s operates, governments may provide financial or other support to local rating agencies. any inability of moody’s to compete successfully with respect to the pricing of its products and services could have a material adverse impact on its business, operating results and financial condition.
the company is exposed to reputation and credibility concerns.
moody’s reputation and the strength of its brand are key competitive strengths. to the extent that the rating agency business as a whole or moody’s, relative to its competitors, suffers a loss in credibility, moody’s business could be significantly impacted. factors that may have already affected credibility and could potentially continue to have an impact in this regard include the appearance of a conflict of interest, the performance of securities relative to the rating assigned to such securities, the timing and nature of changes in ratings, a major compliance failure, negative perceptions or publicity and increased criticism by users of ratings, regulators and legislative bodies, including as to the ratings process and its implementation with respect to one or more securities and intentional or unintentional misrepresentations of moody’s products and services in advertising materials, public relations information, social media or other external communications. operational errors, whether by moody’s or a moody’s competitor, could also harm the reputation of the company or the credit rating industry. damage to reputation and credibility could have a material adverse impact on moody’s business, operating results and financial condition, as well as on the company’s ability to find suitable candidates for acquisition.
the introduction of competing products or technologies by other companies may negatively impact the nature and economics of the company’s business.
the markets for credit ratings, research, credit risk management services, research and analytical services and financial training and certification services are highly competitive and characterized by rapid technological change, changes in customer demands, and evolving regulatory requirements, industry standards and market preferences. the ability to develop and successfully launch and maintain innovative products and technologies that anticipate customers’ changing requirements and utilize emerging technological trends is a key factor in maintaining market share. moody’s competitors include both established companies with significant financial resources, brand recognition, market experience and technological expertise, and smaller companies which may be better poised to quickly adopt new or emerging technologies or respond to customer requirements. competitors may develop quantitative methodologies or related services for assessing credit risk that customers and market participants may deem preferable, more cost-effective or more valuable than the credit risk assessment methods currently employed by moody’s, or may position, price or market their products in manners that differ from those utilized by moody’s. moody’s also competes indirectly against consulting firms and technology and information providers; these indirect competitors could in the future choose to compete directly with moody’s, cease doing business with moody’s or change the terms under which it does business with moody’s in a way that could negatively impact our business. in addition, customers or others may develop alternative, proprietary systems for assessing credit risk. such developments could affect demand for moody’s products and services and its growth prospects. further, the increased availability in recent years of free or relatively inexpensive internet information may reduce the demand for moody’s products and services. for example, in december 2016, esma launched a database providing access to free, current information on certain credit ratings and rating outlooks. moody’s growth prospects also could be adversely affected by moody’s failure to make necessary or optimal capital infrastructure expenditures and improvements and the inability of its information technologies to provide adequate capacity and capabilities to meet increased demands of producing quality ratings and research products at levels achieved by competitors. any inability of moody to compete successfully may have a material adverse effect on its business, operating results and financial condition.
possible loss of key employees and related compensation cost pressures may negatively impact the company.
moody’s success depends upon its ability to recruit, retain and motivate highly skilled, experienced financial analysts and other professionals. competition for skilled individuals in the financial services industry is intense, and moody’s ability to attract high quality
22   moody’s 2017 10-k employees could be impaired if it is unable to offer competitive compensation and other incentives or if the regulatory environment mandates restrictions on or disclosures about individual employees that would not be necessary in competing industries. as greater focus has been placed on executive compensation at public companies, in the future, moody’s may be required to alter its compensation practices in ways that could adversely affect its ability to attract and retain talented employees. investment banks, investors and competitors may seek to attract analyst talent by providing more favorable working conditions or offering significantly more attractive compensation packages than moody’s. moody’s also may not be able to identify and hire the appropriate qualified employees in some markets outside the u.s. with the required experience or skills to perform sophisticated credit analysis. there is a risk that even if the company invests significant resources in attempting to attract, train and retain qualified personnel, it will not succeed in its efforts, and its business could be harmed.
moody’s is highly dependent on the continued services of raymond w. mcdaniel, jr., the president and chief executive officer, and other senior officers and key employees. the loss of the services of skilled personnel for any reason and moody’s inability to replace them with suitable candidates quickly or at all, as well as any negative market perception resulting from such loss, could have a material adverse effect on moody’s business, operating results and financial condition.
moody’s acquisitions, dispositions and other strategic transactions or internal technology investments may not produce anticipated results exposing the company to future significant impairment charges relating to its goodwill, intangible assets or property and equipment.
moody’s has entered into and expects to continue to enter into acquisition, disposition or other strategic transactions and expects to make various investments to strengthen its business and grow the company. such transactions as well as internal technology investments present significant challenges and risks. the market for acquisition targets, dispositions and other strategic transactions is highly competitive, especially in light of industry consolidation, which may affect moody’s ability to complete such transactions. if moody’s is unsuccessful in completing such transactions or if opportunities for expansion do not arise, its business, operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. additionally, we make significant investments in technology including software developed for internal-use which is time-intensive and complex to implement. such investments may not be successful or may not result in the anticipated benefits resulting in asset write-offs.
in august 2017, moody’s acquired bureau van dijk for $3,542.0 million. the anticipated growth, synergies and other strategic objectives of the bureau van dijk acquisition, as well as other completed transactions, may not be fully realized, and a variety of factors may adversely affect any anticipated benefits from such transactions. any strategic transaction can involve a number of risks, including unanticipated challenges regarding integration of operations, technologies and new employees; the existence of liabilities or contingencies not disclosed to or otherwise known by the company prior to closing a transaction; unexpected regulatory and operating difficulties and expenditures; scrutiny from competition and antitrust authorities; failure to retain key personnel of the acquired business; future developments may impair the value of purchased goodwill or intangible assets; diverting management’s focus from other business operations; failing to implement or remediate controls, procedures and policies appropriate for a larger public company at acquired companies that prior to the acquisition lacked such controls, procedures and policies; challenges retaining the customers of the acquired business; and for foreign transactions, additional risks related to the integration of operations across different cultures and languages, and the economic, political, and regulatory risks associated with specific countries. the anticipated benefits from an acquisition or other strategic transaction may not be realized fully, or may take longer to realize than expected. as a result, the failure of acquisitions, dispositions and other strategic transactions to perform as expected may have a material adverse effect on moody’s business, operating results and financial condition.
at december 31, 2017, moody’s had $3,753.2 million of goodwill and $1,631.6 million of intangible assets on its balance sheet, both of which increased significantly due to the acquisition of bureau van dijk. approximately 92% of the goodwill and intangible assets reside in the ma business, including those related to bureau van dijk, and are allocated to the five reporting units within ma: rd&a; ers; financial services training and certifications; moody’s analytics knowledge services; and bureau van dijk. the remaining 8% of goodwill and intangible assets reside in mis and primarily relate to icra. failure to achieve business objectives and financial projections in any of these reporting units could result in a significant asset impairment charge, which would result in a non-cash charge to operating expenses. goodwill and intangible assets are tested for impairment on an annual basis and also when events or changes in circumstances indicate that impairment may have occurred. determining whether an impairment of goodwill exists can be especially difficult in periods of market or economic uncertainty and turmoil, and requires significant management estimates and judgment. in addition, the potential for goodwill impairment is increased during periods of economic uncertainty. an asset impairment charge could have a material adverse effect on moody’s business, operating results and financial condition.
the company’s compliance and risk management programs may not be effective and may result in outcomes that could adversely affect the company’s reputation, financial condition and operating results.
moody’s operates in a number of countries, and as a result the company is required to comply and quickly adapt with numerous international and u.s. federal, state and local laws and regulations. the company’s ability to comply with applicable laws and regulations, moody’s 2017 10-k   23
including anti-corruption laws, is largely dependent on its establishment and maintenance of compliance, review and reporting systems, as well as its ability to attract and retain qualified compliance and risk management personnel. moody’s policies and procedures to identify, evaluate and manage the company’s risks, including risks resulting from acquisitions, may not be fully effective, and moody’s employees or agents may engage in misconduct, fraud or other errors. it is not always possible to deter such errors, and the precautions the company takes to prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in all cases. if moody’s employees violate its policies or if the company’s risk management methods are not effective, the company could be subject to criminal and civil liability, the suspension of the company’s employees, fines, penalties, regulatory sanctions, injunctive relief, exclusion from certain markets or other penalties, and may suffer harm to its reputation, financial condition and operating results.
legal protections for the company’s intellectual property rights may not be sufficient or available to protect the company’s competitive advantages.
moody’s considers many aspects of its products and services to be proprietary. failure to protect the company’s intellectual property adequately could harm its reputation and affect the company’s ability to compete effectively. businesses the company acquires also involve intellectual property portfolios, which increase the challenges the company faces in protecting its strategic advantage. in addition, the company’s operating results may be adversely affected by inadequate or changing legal and technological protections for intellectual property and proprietary rights in some jurisdictions and markets. on january 6, 2015, a rule with direct relevance to the cra industry was published in the official journal of the european union regarding the types of information that cras are to provide about certain ratings (those that were paid for by issuers) for publication on a central website administered by esma (the european ratings platform). this rule directly relates to the company’s intellectual property as it requires that the company provide proprietary information at no cost that the company currently sells, which could result in lost revenue. esma launched the european rating platform for public use on december 1, 2016.
unauthorized third parties may also try to obtain and use technology or other information that the company regards as proprietary. it is also possible that moody’s competitors or other entities could obtain patents related to the types of products and services that moody’s offers, and attempt to require moody’s to stop developing or marketing the products or services, to modify or redesign the products or services to avoid infringing, or to obtain licenses from the holders of the patents in order to continue developing and marketing the products and services. even if moody’s attempts to assert or protect its intellectual property rights through litigation, it may require considerable cost, time and resources to do so, and there is no guarantee that the company will be successful. these risks, and the cost, time and resources needed to address them, may increase as the company’s business grows and its profile rises in countries with intellectual property regimes that are less protective than the rules and regulations applied in the united states.
the company is dependent on the use of third-party software, data, hosted solutions, data centers, cloud and network infrastructure (together, “third party technology”), and any reduction in third-party product quality or service offerings, could have a material adverse effect on the company’s business, financial condition or results of operations.
moody’s relies on third party technology in connection with its product development and offerings and operations. the company depends on the ability of third party technology providers to deliver and support reliable products, enhance their current products, develop new products on a timely and cost-effective basis, and respond to emerging industry standards and other technological changes. the third party technology moody’s uses may become obsolete, incompatible with future versions of the company’s products, unavailable or fail to operate effectively, and moody’s business could be adversely affected if the company is unable to timely or effectively replace such third party technology. the company also monitors its use of third party technology to comply with applicable license and other contractual requirements. despite the company’s efforts, the company cannot ensure that such third parties will permit moody’s use in the future, resulting in increased third party technology acquisition costs and loss of rights. in addition, the company’s operating costs could increase if license or other usage fees for third party technology increase or the efforts to incorporate enhancements to third party technology are substantial. some of these third-party suppliers are also moody’s competitors, increasing the risks noted above. if any of these risks materialize, they could have a material adverse effect on the company’s business, financial condition or results of operations.
changes in tax rates or tax rules could affect future results.
as a global company, moody’s is subject to taxation in the united states and various other countries and jurisdictions. as a result, our effective tax rate is determined based on the pre-tax income and applicable tax rates in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. moody’s future tax rates could be affected by changes in the composition of earnings in countries or states with differing tax rates or other factors, including by increased earnings in jurisdictions where moody’s faces higher tax rates, losses incurred in jurisdictions for which moody’s is not able to realize the related tax benefit, or changes in foreign currency exchange rates. changes in the tax, accounting and other laws, treaties, regulations, policies and administrative practices, or changes to their interpretation or enforcement, including changes applicable to multinational corporations such as the base erosion profit shifting project being conducted by the organization for economic co-operation and development and the european union’s state aid rulings, could have a material adverse effect on the company’s effective tax rate, results of operations and financial condition. the tax act made significant changes to the u.s. federal tax laws. many aspects of the new legislation are currently uncertain or unclear and may not be clarified for some time. as
24   moody’s 2017 10-k additional regulatory guidance is issued interpreting or clarifying the tax act or if the tax accounting rules are modified, there may be adjustments or changes to our estimate of the mandatory one-time deemed repatriation tax liability (“transition tax”) on previously untaxed accumulated earnings of foreign subsidiaries recorded in 2017. additional regulatory guidance may also affect our expected future effective tax rates and tax assets and liabilities which could have a material adverse effect on moody’s business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. furthermore, the tax act may impact the volume of debt securities issued as discussed in the risk factor, changes in the volume of debt securities issued in domestic and/or global capital markets, asset levels and flows into investment levels and changes in interest rates and other volatility in the financial markets may negatively impact the nature and economics of the company’s business.
in addition, moody’s is subject to regular examination of its income tax returns by the internal revenue service and other tax authorities, and the company is experiencing increased scrutiny as its business grows. moody’s regularly assesses the likelihood of favorable or unfavorable outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of its provision for income taxes, including unrecognized tax benefits; however, developments in an audit or litigation could materially and adversely affect the company. although the company believes its tax estimates and accruals are reasonable, there can be no assurance that any final determination will not be materially different than the treatment reflected in its historical income tax provisions, accruals and unrecognized tax benefits, which could materially and adversely affect the company’s business, operating results, cash flows and financial condition.
item 7.   management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations

this discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the moody’s corporation consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
this md&a contains forward-looking statements. see “forward-looking statements” commencing on page 58 and item 1a. “risk factors” commencing on page 18 for a discussion of uncertainties, risks and other factors associated with these statements.
the company moody’s is a provider of (i) credit ratings; (ii) credit, capital markets and economic research, data and analytical tools; (iii) software solutions that support financial risk management activities; (iv) quantitatively derived credit scores; (v) financial services training and certification services; (vi) offshore financial research and analytical services; and (vii) company information and business intelligence products. moody’s reports in two reportable segments: mis and ma.
mis, the credit rating agency, publishes credit ratings on a wide range of debt obligations and the entities that issue such obligations in markets worldwide. revenue is primarily derived from the originators and issuers of such transactions who use mis ratings in the distribution of their debt issues to investors. additionally, mis earns revenue from certain non-ratings-related operations which consist primarily of financial instruments pricing services in the asia-pacific region as well as revenue from icra’s non-ratings operations. the revenue from these operations is included in the mis other lob and is not material to the results of the mis segment.
the ma segment develops a wide range of products and services that support financial analysis and risk management activities of institutional participants in global financial markets. within its rd&a business, ma distributes research and data developed by mis as part of its ratings process, including in-depth research on major debt issuers, industry studies and commentary on topical credit-related events. the rd&a business also produces economic research and data and analytical tools such as quantitative credit risk scores as well as business intelligence and company information products. within its ers business, ma provides software solutions as well as related risk management services. the ps business provides offshore research and analytical services and financial training and certification programs.
critical accounting estimates moody’s discussion and analysis of its financial condition and results of operations are based on the company’s consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with gaap. the preparation of these financial statements requires moody’s to make estimates and judgments that affect reported amounts of assets and liabilities and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. these estimates are based on historical experience and on other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. on an ongoing basis, moody’s evaluates its estimates, including those related to revenue recognition, accounts receivable allowances, contingencies, goodwill and intangible assets (including the estimated useful lives of amortizable intangible assets), pension and other retirement benefits and utbs. actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. the following accounting estimates are considered critical because they are particularly dependent on management’s judgment about matters that are uncertain at the time the accounting estimates are made and changes to those estimates could have a material impact on the company’s consolidated results of operations or financial condition.
revenue recognition revenue is recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred or the services have been provided and accepted by the customer when applicable, fees are determinable and the collection of resulting receivables is considered probable.
pursuant to asc topic 605, when a sales arrangement contains multiple deliverables, the company allocates revenue to each deliverable based on its relative selling price which is determined based on its vendor specific objective evidence if available, third party evidence if vsoe is not available, or estimated selling price if neither vsoe nor tpe is available.
the company’s products and services will generally qualify as separate units of accounting under asc topic 605. the company evaluates each deliverable in an arrangement to determine whether it represents a separate unit of accounting. a deliverable constitutes a separate unit of accounting when it has stand-alone value to the customers and if the arrangement includes a customer refund or return right relative to the delivered item and the delivery and performance of the undelivered item is considered probable and substantially in the company’s control. in instances where the aforementioned criteria are not met, the deliverable is combined with the undelivered items and revenue recognition is determined as one single unit.
moody’s 2017 10-k   31
the company determines whether its selling price in a multi-element transaction meets the vsoe criteria by using the price charged for a deliverable when sold separately or, if the deliverable is not yet being sold separately, the price established by management having the relevant authority to establish such a price. in instances where the company is not able to establish vsoe for all deliverables in a multiple element arrangement, which may be due to the company infrequently selling each element separately, not selling products within a reasonably narrow price range, or only having a limited sales history, the company attempts to establish tpe for deliverables. the company determines whether tpe exists by evaluating largely similar and interchangeable competitor products or services in standalone sales to similarly situated customers. however, due to the difficulty in obtaining third party pricing, possible differences in its market strategy from that of its peers and the potential that products and services offered by the company may contain a significant level of differentiation and/or customization such that the comparable pricing of products with similar functionality cannot be obtained, the company generally is unable to reliably determine tpe. based on the selling price hierarchy established by asc topic 605, when the company is unable to establish selling price using vsoe or tpe, the company will establish an esp. esp is the price at which the company would transact a sale if the product or service were sold on a stand-alone basis. the company establishes its best estimate of esp considering internal factors relevant to is pricing practices such as costs and margin objectives, standalone sales prices of similar products, percentage of the fee charged for a primary product or service relative to a related product or service, and customer segment and geography. additional consideration is also given to market conditions such as competitor pricing strategies and market trend. the company reviews its determination of vsoe, tpe and esp on an annual basis or more frequently as needed.
in the mis segment, revenue attributed to initial ratings of issued securities is recognized when the rating is delivered to the issuer. revenue attributed to monitoring of issuers or issued securities is recognized ratably over the period in which the monitoring is performed, generally one year. in the case of commercial mortgage-backed securities, structured credit, international residential mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities, issuers can elect to pay the monitoring fees upfront. these fees are deferred and recognized over the future monitoring periods based on the expected lives of the rated securities, which was approximately 24 years on a weighted average basis at december 31, 2017. at december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, deferred revenue related to these securities was approximately $140.1 million, $133.0 million, and $121.0 million.
multiple element revenue arrangements in the mis segment are generally comprised of an initial rating and the related monitoring service. in instances where monitoring fees are not charged for the first year monitoring effort, fees are allocated to the initial rating and monitoring services based on the relative selling price of each service to the total arrangement fees. the company generally uses esp in determining the selling price for its initial ratings as the company rarely provides initial ratings separately without providing related monitoring services and thus is unable to establish vsoe or tpe for initial ratings.
mis estimates revenue for ratings of commercial paper for which, in addition to a fixed annual monitoring fee, issuers are billed quarterly based on amounts outstanding. revenue is accrued each quarter based on estimated amounts outstanding and is billed when actual data is available. the estimate is determined based on the issuers’ most recent reported quarterly data. at december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, accounts receivable included approximately $27.0 million, $25.0 million, and $24.0 million, respectively, related to accrued commercial paper revenue. historically, mis has not had material differences between the estimated revenue and the actual billings. furthermore, for certain annual monitoring services, fees are not invoiced until the end of the annual monitoring period and revenue is accrued ratably over the monitoring period. at december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, accounts receivable included approximately $185.0 million, $159.1 million, and $146.4 million, respectively, relating to accrued annual monitoring service revenue.
in the ma segment, products and services offered by the company include software licenses and related maintenance, subscriptions, and professional services. revenue from subscription based products, such as research and data subscriptions and certain software-based credit risk management subscription products, is recognized ratably over the related subscription period, which is principally one year. revenue from sale of perpetual licenses of credit processing software is generally recognized at the time the product master or first copy is delivered or transferred to and accepted by the customer. if uncertainty exists regarding customer acceptance of the product or service, revenue is not recognized until acceptance occurs. software maintenance revenue is recognized ratably over the annual maintenance period. revenue from professional services rendered is generally recognized as the services are performed. a large portion of annual research and data subscriptions and annual software maintenance are invoiced in the months of november, december and january.
products and services offered within the ma segment are sold either stand-alone or together in various combinations. in instances where a multiple element arrangement includes software and non-software deliverables, revenue is allocated to the non-software deliverables and to the software deliverables, as a group, using the relative selling prices of each of the deliverables in the arrangement based on the aforementioned selling price hierarchy. revenue is recognized for each element based upon the conditions for revenue recognition noted above.
if the arrangement contains more than one software deliverable, the arrangement consideration allocated to the software deliverables as a group is allocated to each software deliverable using vsoe. in the instances where the company is not able to determine vsoe for all of the deliverables of an arrangement, the company allocates the revenue to the undelivered elements equal to its vsoe and the
32   moody’s 2017 10-k residual revenue to the delivered elements. if the company is unable to determine vsoe for an undelivered element, the company defers all revenue allocated to the software deliverables until the company has delivered all of the elements or when vsoe has been determined for the undelivered elements. in cases where software implementation services are considered essential and vsoe of fair value exists for post-contract customer support (“pcs”), once the delivery criteria has been met on the standard software, license and service revenue is recognized on a percentage-of-completion basis as implementation services are performed, while pcs is recognized over the coverage period. if vsoe of fair value does not exist for pcs, once the delivery criteria has been met on the standard software, service revenue is recognized on a zero profit margin basis until essential services are complete, at which point total remaining arrangement revenue is then spread ratably over the remaining pcs coverage period. if vsoe does not exist for pcs at the beginning of an arrangement but is established during implementation, revenue not recognized due to the absence of vsoe will be recognized on a cumulative basis.
accounts receivable allowance moody’s records an allowance for estimated future adjustments to customer billings as a reduction of revenue, based on historical experience and current conditions. such amounts are reflected as additions to the accounts receivable allowance. additionally, estimates of uncollectible accounts are recorded as bad debt expense and are reflected as additions to the accounts receivable allowance. actual billing adjustments and uncollectible account write-offs are charged against the allowance. moody’s evaluates its accounts receivable allowance by reviewing and assessing historical collection and invoice adjustment experience as well as the current aging status of customer accounts. moody’s also considers the economic environment of the customers, both from an industry and geographic perspective, in evaluating the need for allowances. based on its analysis, moody’s adjusts its allowance as considered appropriate in the circumstances. this process involves a high degree of judgment and estimation and could involve significant dollar amounts. accordingly, moody’s results of operations can be affected by adjustments to the allowance. management believes that the allowance for uncollectible accounts receivable is adequate to cover anticipated adjustments and write-offs under current conditions. however, significant changes in any of the above factors, or actual write-offs or adjustments that differ from the estimated amounts could impact the company’s consolidated results of operations.
contingencies accounting for contingencies, including those matters described in note 19 to the consolidated financial statements, is highly subjective and requires the use of judgments and estimates in assessing their magnitude and likely outcome. in many cases, the outcomes of such matters will be determined by third parties, including governmental or judicial bodies. the provisions made in the consolidated financial statements, as well as the related disclosures, represent management’s best estimates of the current status of such matters and their potential outcome based on a review of the facts and in consultation with outside legal counsel where deemed appropriate. the company regularly reviews contingencies and as new information becomes available may, in the future, adjust its associated liabilities.
for claims, litigation and proceedings and governmental investigations and inquiries not related to income taxes, where it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated, the company records liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and periodically adjusts these as appropriate. when the reasonable estimate of the loss is within a range of amounts, the minimum amount of the range is accrued unless some higher amount within the range is a better estimate than another amount within the range. in other instances, where a loss is reasonably possible, management does not record a liability because of uncertainties related to the probable outcome and/or the amount or range of loss, but discloses the contingency if material. as additional information becomes available, the company adjusts its assessments and estimates of such matters accordingly. in view of the inherent difficulty of predicting the outcome of litigation, regulatory, governmental investigations and inquiries, enforcement and similar matters and contingencies, particularly where the claimants seek large or indeterminate damages or where the parties assert novel legal theories or the matters involve a large number of parties, the company cannot predict what the eventual outcome of the pending matters will be or the timing of any resolution of such matters. the company also cannot predict the impact (if any) that any such matters may have on how its business is conducted, on its competitive position or on its financial position, results of operations or cash flows. as the process to resolve any pending matters progresses, management will continue to review the latest information available and assess its ability to predict the outcome of such matters and the effects, if any, on its operations and financial condition. however, in light of the large or indeterminate damages sought in some of them, the absence of similar court rulings on the theories of law asserted and uncertainties regarding apportionment of any potential damages, an estimate of the range of possible losses cannot be made at this time.
the company’s wholly-owned insurance subsidiary insures the company against certain risks including but not limited to deductibles for worker’s compensation, employment practices litigation, employee medical claims and terrorism, for which the claims are not material to the company. in addition, for claim years 2008 and 2009, the insurance subsidiary insured the company for defense costs moody’s 2017 10-k   33
related to professional liability claims. for matters insured by the company’s insurance subsidiary, moody’s records liabilities based on the estimated total claims expected to be paid and total projected costs to defend a claim through its anticipated conclusion. the company determines liabilities based on an assessment of management’s best estimate of claims to be paid and legal defense costs as well as actuarially determined estimates. defense costs for matters not self-insured by the company’s wholly-owned insurance subsidiary are expensed as services are provided.
for income tax matters, the company employs the prescribed methodology of topic 740 of the asc which requires a company to first determine whether it is more-likely-than-not (defined as a likelihood of more than fifty percent) that a tax position will be sustained based on its technical merits as of the reporting date, assuming that taxing authorities will examine the position and have full knowledge of all relevant information. a tax position that meets this more-likely-than-not threshold is then measured and recognized at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than fifty percent likely to be realized upon effective settlement with a taxing authority.
goodwill and other acquired intangible assets as of july 31 of each year, moody’s evaluates its goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level, defined as an operating segment or one level below an operating segment.
the company has seven primary reporting units: two within the company’s ratings business (one for the icra business and one that encompasses all of moody’s other ratings operations) and five reporting units within ma: rd&a, ers, fstc, maks and bureau van dijk. the rd&a reporting unit encompasses the distribution of investor-oriented research and data developed by mis as part of its ratings process, in-depth research on major debt issuers, industry studies, economic research and commentary on topical events and credit analytic tools. the ers reporting unit provides products and services that support the credit risk management and regulatory compliance activities of financial institutions and also provides advanced actuarial software for the life insurance industry. these products and services are primarily delivered via software that is licensed on a perpetual basis or sold on a subscription basis. the fstc reporting unit consists of the portion of the ma business that offers both credit training as well as other professional development training and implementation services. the maks reporting unit provides offshore research and analytical services. the bureau van dijk reporting unit consists of the newly acquired bureau van dijk business, which was acquired on august 10, 2017, and primarily provides business intelligence and company information products.
the company evaluates the recoverability of goodwill using a two-step impairment test approach at the reporting unit level. in the first step, the company assesses various qualitative factors to determine whether the fair value of a reporting unit may be less than its carrying amount. if a determination is made based on the qualitative factors that an impairment does not exist, the company is not required to perform further testing. if the aforementioned qualitative assessment results in the company concluding that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit may be less than its carrying amount, the fair value of the reporting unit will be determined and compared to its carrying value including goodwill. if the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds the carrying value of the net assets assigned to that unit, goodwill is not impaired and the company is not required to perform further testing. if the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying value, the company will record a goodwill impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the reporting unit’s fair value. the company evaluates its reporting units on an annual basis, or more frequently if there are changes in the reporting structure of the company due to acquisitions or realignments. for the reporting units where the company is consistently able to conclude that no impairment exists using only a qualitative approach, the company’s accounting policy is to perform the second step of the aforementioned goodwill impairment assessment at least once every three years. at july 31, 2017, the company performed a qualitative assessment on all reporting units except for maks, which resulted in no indicators of impairment of goodwill.
in january 2017 there was a management change in the maks business. a quantitative impairment assessment for the maks reporting unit was performed as of july 31, 2017 to reflect the completion of a new strategic plan for this reporting unit under new management (the company’s annual strategic plan is completed in the third quarter of each year). this quantitative assessment resulted in no impairment of goodwill for the maks reporting unit at july 31, 2017.
determining the fair value of a reporting unit or an indefinite-lived acquired intangible asset involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. these estimates and assumptions include revenue growth rates and operating margins used to calculate projected future cash flows, risk-adjusted discount rates, future economic and market conditions, and appropriate comparable market metrics. however, as these estimates and assumptions are unpredictable and inherently uncertain, actual future results may differ from these estimates. in addition, the company also makes certain judgments and assumptions in allocating shared assets and liabilities to determine the carrying values for each of its reporting units.
other assets and liabilities, including applicable corporate assets, are allocated to the extent they are related to the operation of respective reporting units.
34   moody’s 2017 10-k sensitivity analyses and key assumptions for deriving the fair value of a reporting unit the following table identifies the amount of goodwill allocated to each reporting unit as of december 31, 2017 as well as the amount by which the net assets of each reporting unit would exceed the fair value under step 2 of the goodwill impairment test as prescribed in asc topic 350, assuming hypothetical reductions in their fair values as of the date of the last quantitative goodwill impairment assessment for each reporting unit.
sensitivity analysis deficit caused by a hypothetical reduction to fair value goodwill   10%                         20%                         30%                          40%
mis                         $50.1   $—                          $—                          $—                           $—
rd&amp;a                    187.3          —                           —                           —                            —
ers                         340.8          —                           —                           —                            —
fstc                         90.8          —                           —                           (14.4   )                    (34.6   )
maks                        160.9          —                           —                           (2.9    )                    (35.6   )
icra                        238.5          —                           —                           —                            —
bureau van dijk*          2,684.8          n/a                         n/a                         n/a                          n/a totals                   $3,753.2   $—                          $—                          $(17.3         )             $(70.2         )
*                        bureau van dijk was acquired subsequent to the company’s annual goodwill impairment assessment as of july 31, 2017. due to the close proximity of the bureau van dijk acquisition to december 31, 2017, the purchase price approximates the fair value of the reporting unit. additionally, the company has not completed its allocation of certain of the goodwill acquired to other ma reporting units that are anticipated to benefit from synergies resulting from the bureau van dijk acquisition.

methodologies and significant estimates utilized in determining of the fair value of reporting units:
the following is a discussion regarding the company’s methodology for determining the fair value of its reporting units, excluding icra, as of the date of each reporting unit’s last quantitative assessment (july 31, 2017 for maks; july 31, 2016 for the remaining reporting units). as icra is a publicly traded company in india, the company was able to observe its fair value based on its market capitalization.
the fair value of each reporting unit, excluding icra, was estimated using a discounted cash flow methodology and comparable public company and precedent transaction multiples. the dcf analysis requires significant estimates, including projections of future operating results and cash flows of each reporting unit that is based on internal budgets and strategic plans, expected long-term growth rates, terminal values, weighted average cost of capital and the effects of external factors and market conditions. changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the estimated fair value of each reporting unit which could result in an impairment charge to reduce the carrying value of goodwill, which could be material to the company’s financial position and results of operations. moody’s allocates newly acquired goodwill to reporting units based on the reporting unit expected to benefit from the acquisition.
the sensitivity analyses on the future cash flows and wacc assumptions described below are as of the date of the last quantitative goodwill impairment assessment for each reporting unit. the following discusses the key assumptions utilized in the discounted cash flow valuation methodology that requires significant management judgment:
»                         future cash flow assumptions—the projections for future cash flows utilized in the models are derived from historical experience and assumptions regarding future growth and profitability of each reporting unit. these projections are consistent with the company’s operating and strategic plan. cash flows for the five years subsequent to the date of the quantitative goodwill impairment analysis were utilized in the determination of the fair value of each reporting unit. the growth rates assumed a gradual increase in revenue based on a continued improvement in the global economy and capital markets, new customer acquisition and new products. beyond five years, a terminal value was determined using a perpetuity growth rate based on expected inflation and real gdp growth rates. a sensitivity analysis of the revenue growth rates was performed on all reporting units. for all reporting units, a 10% decrease in the revenue growth rates used would not have resulted in the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeding its respective estimated fair value.

»                             wacc—the wacc is the rate used to discount each reporting unit’s estimated future cash flows. the wacc is calculated based on the proportionate weighting of the cost of debt and equity. the cost of equity is based on a risk-free interest rate, an equity risk factor which is derived from public companies similar to the reporting unit and which captures the perceived risks and uncertainties associated with the reporting unit’s cash flows.
the cost of debt component is calculated as the weighted average cost associated with all of the company’s outstanding borrowings as of the date of the impairment test and was immaterial to the computation of the wacc. the cost of debt and equity is weighted based on the debt to market capitalization ratio of publicly traded companies with similarities to the reporting unit being tested. the wacc for all reporting units ranged from 8.5% to 10.5%. differences in the wacc used between reporting units is primarily due to distinct risks and uncertainties regarding the cash flows of the different reporting units. a sensitivity analysis of the wacc was performed on all reporting units whereby an increase in the wacc of one percentage point would not result in the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeding its fair value.

moody’s 2017 10-k   35
amortizable intangible assets are reviewed for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. there were no such events or changes during 2017 that would indicate that the carrying amount of amortizable intangible assets in any of the company’s reporting units may not be recoverable. this determination was made based on continued growth, consistent with operating and strategic plans for the reporting unit where the intangible asset resides.
pension and other retirement benefits the expenses, assets and liabilities that moody’s reports for its retirement plans are dependent on many assumptions concerning the outcome of future events and circumstances. these significant assumptions include the following:
»   future compensation increases are based on the company’s long-term actual experience and future outlook;

»   long-term expected return on pension plan assets is based on historical portfolio results and the expected future average annual return for each major asset class within the plan’s portfolio (which is principally comprised of equity and fixed-income investments); and

»   discount rates are based on current yields on high-grade corporate long-term bonds.

the discount rates used to measure the present value of the company’s benefit obligation for its retirement plans as of december 31, 2017 were derived using a cash flow matching method whereby the company compares each plan’s projected payment obligations by year with the corresponding yield on the citibank pension discount curve. the cash flows by plan are then discounted back to present value to determine the discount rate applicable to each plan.
moody’s major assumptions vary by plan and assumptions used are set forth in note 13 to the consolidated financial statements. in determining these assumptions, the company consults with third-party actuaries and other advisors as deemed appropriate. while the company believes that the assumptions used in its calculations are reasonable, differences in actual experience or changes in assumptions could have a significant effect on the expenses, assets and liabilities related to the company’s retirement plans. additionally, the company has updated its mortality assumption by adopting the newly released mortality improvement scale mp-2017 to accompany the rp-2014 mortality tables to reflect the latest information regarding future mortality expectations by the society of actuaries.
when actual plan experience differs from the assumptions used, actuarial gains or losses arise. excluding differences between the expected long-term rate of return assumption and actual returns on plan assets, the company amortizes, as a component of annual pension expense, total outstanding actuarial gains or losses over the estimated average future working lifetime of active plan participants to the extent that the gain/loss exceeds 10% of the greater of the beginning-of-year projected benefit obligation or the market-related value of plan assets. for moody’s retirement plans, the total actuarial losses as of december 31, 2017 that have not been recognized in annual expense are $123.2 million, and moody’s expects to recognize a net periodic expense of $6.0 million in 2018 related to the amortization of actuarial losses.
for moody’s funded u.s. pension plan, the differences between the expected long-term rate of return assumption and actual experience could also affect the net periodic pension expense. as permitted under asc topic 715, the company spreads the impact of asset experience over a five-year period for purposes of calculating the market-related value of assets that is used in determining the expected return on assets’ component of annual expense and in calculating the total unrecognized gain or loss subject to amortization. as of december 31, 2017, the company has an unrecognized asset loss of $16.1 million, of which $2.1 million will be recognized in the market-related value of assets that is used to calculate the expected return on assets’ component of 2019 expense.
the table below shows the estimated effect that a one percentage-point decrease in each of these assumptions will have on moody’s 2018 income before provision for income taxes. these effects have been calculated using the company’s current projections of 2018 expenses, assets and liabilities related to moody’s retirement plans, which could change as updated data becomes available.
(dollars in millions)                                assumption used for 2018      estimated impact on
2018 income before provision for income taxes
(decrease)/increase weighted average discount rates*                                     3.46%/3.45%   $(11.4                            )
weighted average assumed compensation growth rate                          3.71%   $1.6
assumed long-term rate of return on pension assets                         4.50%   $(3.4                             )
*   weighted average discount rates of 3.46% and 3.45% for pension plans and other retirement plans, respectively.

a one percentage-point increase in assumed healthcare cost trend rates will not affect 2018 projected expenses. based on current projections, the company estimates that expenses related to retirement plans will be approximately $31 million in 2018, a decrease compared to the $32.6 million recognized in 2017.
36   moody’s 2017 10-k income taxes the company is subject to income taxes in the u.s. and various foreign jurisdictions. the company’s tax assets and liabilities are affected by the amounts charged for services provided and expenses incurred as well as other tax matters such as intercompany transactions. the company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method in accordance with asc topic 740. therefore, income tax expense is based on reported income before income taxes, and deferred income taxes reflect the effect of temporary differences between the amounts of assets and liabilities that are recognized for financial reporting purposes and the amounts that are recognized for income tax purposes.
the company is subject to tax audits in various jurisdictions. the company regularly assesses the likely outcomes of such audits in order to determine the appropriateness of liabilities for utbs. the company classifies interest related to income taxes as a component of interest expense in the company’s consolidated financial statements and associated penalties, if any, as part of other non-operating expenses.
for utbs, asc topic 740 requires a company to first determine whether it is more-likely-than-not (defined as a likelihood of more than fifty percent) that a tax position will be sustained based on its technical merits as of the reporting date, assuming that taxing authorities will examine the position and have full knowledge of all relevant information. a tax position that meets this more-likely-than-not threshold is then measured and recognized at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than fifty percent likely to be realized upon effective settlement with a taxing authority. as the determination of liabilities related to utbs and associated interest and penalties requires significant estimates to be made by the company, there can be no assurance that the company will accurately predict the outcomes of these audits, and thus the eventual outcomes could have a material impact on the company’s operating results or financial condition.
on december 22, 2017, the tax act was signed into law which resulted in significant changes to u.s. corporate tax laws. the tax act includes a mandatory one-time deemed repatriation tax (“transition tax”) on previously untaxed accumulated earnings of foreign subsidiaries and reduces the statutory federal corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21%. due to the complexities involved in applying the provisions of the tax act, in 2017 the company recorded a provisional estimate of $247.3 million related to the transition tax. a portion of this amount will be payable over eight years, starting in 2018, and will not accrue interest. also in 2017, a provisional estimate of $56.2 million was recorded decreasing net deferred tax assets resulting from the reduction in the federal corporate income tax rate. the above provisional estimates may be impacted by a number of additional considerations, including but not limited to the issuance of regulations and our ongoing analysis of the new law.
other estimates in addition, there are other accounting estimates within moody’s consolidated financial statements, including recoverability of deferred tax assets, valuation of investments in affiliates and the estimated lives of amortizable intangible assets. management believes the current assumptions and other considerations used to estimate amounts reflected in moody’s consolidated financial statements are appropriate. however, if actual experience differs from the assumptions and other considerations used in estimating amounts reflected in moody’s consolidated financial statements, the resulting changes could have a material adverse effect on moody’s consolidated results of operations or financial condition.
see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on significant accounting policies that impact moody’s.
reportable segments the company is organized into two reportable segments at december 31, 2017: mis and ma.
the mis segment is comprised primarily of all of the company’s ratings operations consisting of five lobs—cfg, sfg, fig, ppif and mis other. the ratings lobs generate revenue principally from fees for the assignment and ongoing monitoring of credit ratings on debt obligations and the entities that issue such obligations in markets worldwide. the mis other lob consists of certain non-ratings operations managed by mis which consists of non-rating revenue from icra and fixed income pricing service operations in the asia-pacific region.
the ma segment develops a wide range of products and services that support financial analysis and risk management activities of institutional participants in global financial markets as well as serving as provider of business intelligence and company information. the ma segment consists of three lines of business—rd&a, ers and ps. the results of operations for ma and revenue for the rd&a lob for the fourth quarter and year ended december 31, 2017 include the financial results from bureau van dijk which was acquired on august 10, 2017.
the following is a discussion of the results of operations of the company and its reportable segments. total mis revenue and total ma expenses include the intersegment royalty revenue for mis and expense charged to ma for the rights to use and distribute content, data and products developed by mis. the royalty rate charged by mis approximates the fair value of the aforementioned content, data and products developed by mis. total ma revenue and total mis expenses include intersegment fees charged to mis from ma for the moody’s 2017 10-k   37
use of certain ma products and services in mis’s ratings process. these fees charged by ma are generally equal to the costs incurred by ma to provide these products and services. overhead charges and corporate expenses that exclusively benefit one segment are fully charged to that segment. additionally, overhead costs and corporate expenses of the company that benefit both segments are generally allocated to each segment based on a revenue-split methodology. overhead expenses include costs such as rent and occupancy, information technology and support staff such as finance, human resources and information technology.
beginning in the third quarter of 2017, in conjunction with the acquisition of bureau van dijk, the company modified its definition of adjusted net income and adjusted diluted eps to exclude the impact of amortization of all acquisition-related intangible assets. refer to the section entitled “non-gaap financial measures” of this management discussion and analysis for further information regarding this measure.
results of operations year ended december 31, 2017 compared with year ended december 31, 2016
executive summary
»   moody’s completed the acquisition of bureau van dijk on august 10, 2017. moody’s results of operations include bureau van dijk’s operating results beginning as of august 10, 2017.

»   moody’s revenue in 2017 totaled $4,204.1 million, an increase of $599.9 million, or 17%, compared to 2016 reflecting strong growth in both segments.

»   mis revenue was 17% higher compared to the prior year with growth across all ratings lobs. the most notable growth was in the cfg lob mainly due to strong leveraged finance issuance across all regions reflecting favorable market conditions and increased investor demand for higher yielding securities.

»              ma revenue grew 16% compared to the prior year reflecting growth across all lobs. the most notable growth was in the rd&amp;a lob which reflected increases in credit research subscriptions and licensing of credit data as well as an approximate $92 million contribution from bureau van dijk (net of an approximate $36 million reduction relating to a deferred revenue adjustment required as part of acquisition accounting as further described in note 7 to the financial statements), providing approximately seven percentage points to growth.

»                   total operating expenses excluding d&amp;a decreased $602.1 million, or 21% compared to 2016 reflecting the $863.8 million settlement charge in 2016. this decrease is partially offset by higher compensation costs in 2017 which reflects growth in performance-based compensation resulting from strong financial performance in 2017 coupled with annual merit increases. additionally, there was approximately $64 million in bureau van dijk operating expenses and $22.5 million in acquisition-related expenses in 2017.

»   d&amp;a increased $31.6 million primarily due to amortization of intangible assets acquired as part of the bureau van dijk acquisition.

»               operating income of $1,809.1 million in 2017 increased $1,170.4 million compared to 2016 and resulted in an operating margin of 43.0%, compared to 17.7% in the prior year. operating income and operating margin in 2016 were suppressed by the $863.8 million settlement charge. adjusted operating income of $1,989.9 million in 2017 increased $348.7 million compared to 2016, resulting in an adjusted operating margin of 47.3% compared to 45.5% in the prior year.

»   the decrease in non-operating expense, net, compared to the prior year is primarily due to:

»   the $59.7 million ccxi gain in 2017;

»   the $111.1 million purchase price hedge gain in 2017;

partially offset by:
»   higher interest expense of $50.6 million primarily reflecting additional financing in 2017 utilized to fund the payment of the 2016 settlement charge, repay the series 2007-1
notes and fund the bureau van dijk acquisition.

»   fx losses of approximately $17 million in the 2017 compared to fx gains of approximately $50 million in the prior year. the fx gains in 2016 included approximately $35 million related to the liquidation of a non-u.s. subsidiary.

»   the etr of 43.6% in 2017 includes a net charge of approximately $246 million in the fourth quarter related to the impacts of tax reform in the u.s. and belgium partially offset by the non-taxable ccxi gain and an approximate $40 million benefit relating to excess tax benefits on stock-based compensation. the 2016 etr of 50.6% included the non-deductible nature of the federal portion of the settlement charge.

38   moody’s 2017 10-k
»   diluted eps of $5.15 increased $3.79 compared to 2016. diluted eps in 2017 and 2016 included the following items, detailed in the table below, which impacted year-over-year comparability:

year ended december 31, per share benefit (charge) to diluted eps                       2017                  2016
ccxi gain                                                           $0.31                         —
purchase price hedge gain                                           $0.37                         —
restructuring                                                             —                 $(0.04      )
settlement charge                                                         —                 $(3.59      )
fx gain on liquidation of a subsidiary                                    —                 $0.18
acquisition-related expenses                                        $(0.10      )                 —
amortization of acquired intangible assets                          $(0.23      )           $(0.13      )
impact of u.s. tax reform / belgium statutory tax rate change       $(1.27      )                 —
excluding all of the items in the table above, adjusted diluted eps of $6.07, which included $0.20 relating to excess tax benefits on stock-based compensation and $0.03 in financing costs incurred between the execution of the agreement to acquire bureau van dijk and the closing of the acquisition, increased $1.13 compared to 2016.
moody’s 2017 10-k   39
moody’s corporation year ended december 31,          % change favorable
(unfavorable)
2017                       2016
revenue:
united states                                                                    $2,348.4                     $2,105.5                          12   %
international:
emea                                                                              1,131.7                        904.4                          25   %
asia-pacific                                                                        471.4                        373.2                          26   %
americas                                                                            252.6                        221.1                          14   %
total international                                                               1,855.7                      1,498.7                          24   %
total                                                                             4,204.1                      3,604.2                          17   %
expenses:
operating                                                                         1,222.8                      1,026.6                         (19   %)
sg&amp;a                                                                            991.4                        936.4                          (6   %)
restructuring                                                                           —                         12.0                         100   %
depreciation and amortization                                                       158.3                        126.7                         (25   %)
acquisition-related expenses                                                         22.5                            —                          nm settlement charge                                                                       —                        863.8                         100   %
total                                                                             2,395.0                      2,965.5                          19   %
operating income                                                                 $1,809.1                       $638.7                         183   %
adjusted operating income (1)                                                    $1,989.9                     $1,641.2                          21   %
interest expense, net                                                             $(188.4     )                $(137.8   )                     (37   %)
other non-operating (expense) income, net                                           $(4.7     )                  $57.1                        (108   %)
purchase price hedge gain                                                          $111.1                           $—                          nm ccxi gain                                                                           $59.7                           $—                          nm non-operating expense, net                                                         $(22.3     )                 $(80.7   )                      72   %
net income attributable to moody’s                                               $1,000.6                       $266.6                         275   %
diluted weighted average shares outstanding                                        $194.2                        195.4                           1   %
diluted eps attributable to moody’s common shareholders                             $5.15                        $1.36                         279   %
adjusted diluted eps attributable to moody’s common shareholders (1)                $6.07                        $4.94                          23   %
operating margin                                                                     43.0     %                   17.7   %
adjusted operating margin (1)                                                        47.3     %                   45.5   %
(1)   adjusted operating income, adjusted operating margin and adjusted diluted eps attributable to moody’s common shareholders are non-gaap financial measures. refer to the section entitled “non-gaap financial measures” of this management discussion and analysis for further information regarding these measures.

the table below shows moody’s global staffing by geographic area:
december 31,                             % change
2017                   2016
united states             3,591                   3,386             6   %
international             8,305                   7,231            15   %
total                    11,896   *              10,617            12   %
*   includes 874 employees from the acquisition of bureau van dijk

global revenue of $4,204.1 million in 2017 increased $599.9 million, or 17%, compared to 2016 and reflected strong growth in both mis and ma.
the $403.0 million increase in mis revenue primarily reflects strong global leveraged finance rated issuance volumes in cfg as issuers took advantage of favorable market conditions to refinance obligations in 2017 as well as growth in the banking sector within fig and in clo issuance in sfg. additionally, the increase over prior year reflects benefits from changes in the mix of fee type, new fee initiatives and pricing increases. these increases were partially offset by lower u.s. public finance refunding volumes.
40   moody’s 2017 10-k the $196.9 million increase in ma revenue primarily reflects higher rd&a revenue across all regions driven by growth in credit research subscriptions and licensing of ratings data as well as the contribution from the bureau van dijk acquisition of approximately $92 million (net of an approximate $36 million reduction relating to a deferred revenue adjustment required as part of acquisition accounting as further described in note 7 to the financial statements).
transaction revenue accounted for 50% of global mco revenue in 2017, compared to 49% in 2016.
u.s. revenue of $2,348.4 million in 2017 increased $242.9 million over the prior year, reflecting growth in both reportable segments.
non-u.s. revenue increased $357.0 million from 2016 reflecting growth in both reportable segments.
operating expenses were $1,222.8 million in 2017, up $196.2 million from 2016, primarily due to an increase in performance-based compensation expenses (including annual bonuses, a profit sharing contribution and performance-based equity compensation), which is correlated with the strong financial performance of the company in 2017. this increase also reflects higher salaries and employee benefit expenses resulting from the impact of annual compensation increases and increases in headcount coupled with bureau van dijk expenses.
sg&a expenses of $991.4 million in 2017 increased $55.0 million from the prior year period primarily due to higher performance-based compensation costs (including annual bonuses, a profit sharing contribution and performance-based equity compensation), which is correlated with the strong financial performance of the company in 2017 coupled with bureau van dijk expenses. these increases were partially offset by the impact of cost management initiatives implemented in 2016 that have benefited 2017 as well as lower legal costs.
d&a increased $31.6 million primarily due to amortization of intangible assets acquired as part of the bureau van dijk acquisition.
acquisition-related expenses represent expenses incurred to complete and integrate the acquisition of bureau van dijk.
operating income of $1,809.1 million increased $1,170.4 million from 2016. operating margin was 43.0% compared to 17.7% in 2016. operating income and operating margin in 2016 were suppressed by the $863.8 million settlement charge. adjusted operating income was $1,989.9 million in 2017, an increase of $348.7 million compared to 2016. adjusted operating margin of 47.3% increased 180 bps compared to the prior year.
interest (expense) income, net in 2017 was $(188.4) million, a $50.6 million increase in expense compared to 2016 primarily due to: i) interest on the 2017 senior notes and 2017 floating rate senior notes which were issued in the first quarter of 2017 to fund the payment of the 2016 settlement charge and repayment of the series 2007-1 notes; ii) interest on the 2017 private placement notes due 2023 and 2028 both issued in june 2017 coupled with interest on the 2017 term loan drawn down in august 2017, all of which were issued to fund the acquisition of bureau van dijk; and iii) fees on the undrawn 2017 bridge credit facility also related to the acquisition of bureau van dijk.
other non-operating (expense) income, net was $(4.7) million in 2017, a $61.8 million change compared to 2016 primarily reflecting approximately $17 million in fx losses in 2017 compared to approximately $50 million in fx gains in the prior year. the fx gains in 2016 included an approximate $35 million gain related to the liquidation of a non-u.s. subsidiary.
additionally, moody’s recognized the $59.7 million ccxi gain and the $111.1 million purchase price hedge gain in 2017.
the etr of 43.6% in 2017 includes a net charge of approximately $246 million in the fourth quarter related to the impacts of corporate tax reform in the u.s. and belgium partially offset by the non-taxable ccxi gain and an approximate $40 million benefit reflecting the adoption on a prospective basis of a new accounting standard relating to excess tax benefits on stock-based compensation. in accordance with a new accounting standard, these excess tax benefits are now recorded to the provision for income taxes, whereas in the prior year were recorded to capital surplus (refer to note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion on this new accounting standard). the 2016 etr of 50.6% included the non-deductible nature of the federal portion of the settlement charge. the impact of the aforementioned tax reform in the u.s. is expected to reduce the company’s etr in years subsequent to 2017. for the full-year ended december 31, 2018, the company expects the etr to be between 22% and 23%.
moody’s 2017 10-k   41
diluted eps increased $3.79 compared to 2016. diluted eps in 2017 and 2016 included the following items detailed in the table below which impacted year-over-year comparability:
year ended december 31, per share benefit (charge) to diluted eps                       2017                  2016
ccxi gain                                                           $0.31                         —
purchase price hedge gain                                           $0.37                         —
restructuring                                                             —                       (0.04   )
settlement charge                                                         —                 $(3.59        )
fx gain on liquidation of a subsidiary                                                      $0.18
acquisition-related expenses                                        $(0.10      )                 —
amortization of acquired intangible assets                          $(0.23      )           $(0.13        )
impact of u.s. tax reform / belgium statutory tax rate change       $(1.27      )                 —
excluding all of the items in the table above, adjusted diluted eps of $6.07, which included $0.20 relating to excess tax benefits on stock-based compensation and $0.03 in financing costs incurred between the execution of the agreement to acquire bureau van dijk and the closing of the acquisition, increased $1.13 compared to 2016 reflecting higher net income and a 1% reduction in diluted weighted average shares outstanding. refer to the section entitled “non-gaap financial measures” of this management’s discussion and analysis for the impact to net income relating to the aforementioned per-share amounts.
segment results moody’s investors service the table below provides a summary of revenue and operating results, followed by further insight and commentary:
year ended december 31,          % change favorable
(unfavorable)
2017                       2016
revenue:
corporate finance (cfg)                                       $1,392.7                     $1,122.3                          24   %
structured finance (sfg)                                         495.5                        436.8                          13   %
financial institutions (fig)                                     435.8                        368.9                          18   %
public, project and infrastructure finance (ppif)                431.3                        412.2                           5   %
total ratings revenue                                          2,755.3                      2,340.2                          18   %
mis other                                                         18.5                         30.6                         (40   %)
total external revenue                                         2,773.8                      2,370.8                          17   %
intersegment royalty                                             111.7                        100.2                          11   %
total mis revenue                                              2,885.5                      2,471.0                          17   %
expenses:
operating and sg&amp;a (external)                              1,230.9                      1,102.1                         (12   %)
operating and sg&amp;a (intersegment)                             16.0                         13.5                         (19   %)
adjusted operating income                                      1,638.6                      1,355.4                          21   %
depreciation and amortization                                     74.7                         73.8                          (1   %)
restructuring                                                        —                         10.2                         100   %
settlement charge                                                    —                        863.8                         100   %
operating income                                              $1,563.9                       $407.6                         284   %
operating margin                                                  54.2     %                   16.5   %
adjusted operating margin                                         56.8     %                   54.9   %
the following is a discussion of external mis revenue and operating expenses:
global mis revenue of $2,773.8 million in 2017 was up 17% compared to 2016, most notably from strong leveraged finance rated issuance volumes within cfg coupled with strong growth in banking-related revenue in fig and increases across most asset classes in sfg. also contributing to the growth was the favorable impact of changes in the mix of fee type, new fee initiatives and pricing increases.
42   moody’s 2017 10-k transaction revenue for mis was 65% in 2017 compared to 61% in 2016.
in the u.s., revenue was $1,702.8 million in 2017, an increase of $200.9 million or 13%, compared to 2016 primarily reflecting strong growth in cfg, sfg and fig revenue being partially offset by declines in ppif and mis other revenue.
non-u.s. revenue was $1,071.0 million in 2017, an increase of $202.1 million or 23%, compared to 2016 reflecting growth across all lobs excluding mis other.
global cfg revenue of $1,392.7 million in 2017 was up 24% compared to 2016 primarily due to strength in leveraged finance issuance in the u.s., emea and asia-pacific as issuers took advantage of favorable market conditions to refinance obligations and fund m&a activity. the growth in leveraged finance revenue also reflects benefits from a favorable issuance mix in 2017 compared to the prior year where issuance volumes included a greater number of lower-yielding jumbo deals. the increase over the prior year also reflects higher investment-grade corporate debt revenue in the u.s. reflecting continued favorable market conditions and benefits from changes in the mix of fee type, new fee initiatives and pricing increases as well as growth in monitoring fees across all regions. transaction revenue represented 73% of total cfg revenue in 2017, compared to 68% in the prior year period. in the u.s., revenue was $909.7 million, or 19% higher compared to the prior year. internationally, revenue of $483.0 million increased 34% compared to the prior year.
global sfg revenue of $495.5 million in 2017 increased $58.7 million, or 13%, compared to 2016. in the u.s., revenue of $340.1 million increased $46.8 million over 2016 primarily due to strong growth in clo issuance reflecting an increase in bank loan supply and favorable market conditions which enabled both new securitizations and a surge in refinancing activity. non-u.s. revenue in 2017 of $155.4 million increased $11.9 million compared to the prior year primarily reflecting growth across most asset classes in the emea region. transaction revenue was 65% of total sfg revenue in 2017 compared to 62% in the prior year.
global fig revenue of $435.8 million in 2017 increased $66.9 million, or 18%, compared to 2016. in the u.s., revenue of $186.1 million increased $26.0 million compared to the prior year primarily reflecting higher issuance in the banking sector and benefits from changes in the mix of fee type, new fee initiatives and price increases. internationally, revenue was $249.7 million in 2017, up $40.9 million compared to 2016 primarily due to higher banking revenue in emea from opportunistic issuance amidst current favorable market conditions as well as benefits from changes in the mix of fee type, new fee initiatives and pricing increases. the non-u.s. growth also reflects strength in banking revenue in the asia-pacific region reflecting higher cross-border issuance from chinese banks and the non-bank financial sector. transaction revenue was 45% of total fig revenue in 2017 compared to 37% in 2016.
global ppif revenue was $431.3 million in 2017 and increased $19.1 million, or 5%, compared to 2016. in the u.s., revenue in 2017 was $266.4 million and decreased $9.8 million compared to 2016 primarily due to strong pfg refunding volumes in 2016. these decreases were partially offset by growth in infrastructure finance revenue coupled with benefits from changes in the mix of fee type, new fee initiatives and pricing increases. outside the u.s., ppif revenue was $164.9 million and increased $28.9 million compared to 2016 reflecting strong growth in infrastructure finance revenue in the asia-pacific region and growth in public finance revenue in emea. transaction revenue was 65% of total ppif revenue in 2017 compared to 63% in the prior year.
operating and sg&a expenses in 2017 increased $128.8 million compared to 2016 primarily due to growth in performance-based compensation resulting from strong financial performance in 2017 coupled with increased headcount and higher salaries and employee benefits costs reflecting annual compensation increases. these increases were partially offset by lower legal fees and continued cost control initiatives.
adjusted operating income and operating income in 2017, which includes intersegment royalty revenue and intersegment expenses, were $1,638.6 million and $1,563.9 million, respectively, and increased $283.2 million and $1,156.3 million, respectively, compared to 2016. adjusted operating margin was 56.8% or 190 bps higher than the prior year. operating margin was 54.2% in 2017 compared to 16.5% in the prior year. operating income and operating margin in 2016 were suppressed due to the settlement charge.
moody’s 2017 10-k   43
moody’s analytics the table below provides a summary of revenue and operating results, followed by further insight and commentary:
year ended december 31,          % change favorable
(unfavorable)
2017                      2016
revenue:
research, data and analytics (rd&amp;a)              $832.7                      $667.6                          25   %
enterprise risk solutions (ers)                       448.6                       418.8                           7   %
professional services (ps)                            149.0                       147.0                           1   %
total external revenue                              1,430.3                     1,233.4                          16   %
intersegment revenue                                   16.0                        13.5                          19   %
total ma revenue                                    1,446.3                     1,246.9                          16   %
expenses:
operating and sg&amp;a (external)                     983.3                       860.9                         (14   %)
operating and sg&amp;a (intersegment)                 111.7                       100.2                         (11   %)
adjusted operating income                             351.3                       285.8                          23   %
depreciation and amortization                          83.6                        52.9                         (58   %)
restructuring                                             —                         1.8                         100   %
acquisition-related expenses                           22.5                           —                          nm operating income                                     $245.2                      $231.1                           6   %
operating margin                                       17.0     %                  18.5   %
adjusted operating margin                              24.3     %                  22.9   %
the following is a discussion of external ma revenue and operating expenses:
global ma revenue increased $196.9 million, or 16%, compared to 2016 primarily due to growth in rd&a (which included approximately $92 million in revenue, or 7 percentage points of the growth, from the bureau van dijk acquisition) coupled with growth in ers, which included revenue from the first quarter 2016 acquisition of ggy. additionally, the growth over the prior year reflects benefits from higher fees within ma’s recurring revenue base due to enhanced content and continued alignment of usage and licensing parameters. recurring revenue comprised 78% and 75% of total ma revenue in 2017 and 2016, respectively.
in the u.s., revenue of $645.6 million in 2017 increased $42.0 million, and reflected growth across all lobs.
non-u.s. revenue of $784.7 million in 2017 was $154.9 million higher than in 2016 reflecting growth in rd&a, which included approximately $82 million in non-u.s. bureau van dijk revenue, and higher ers revenue.
global rd&a revenue of $832.7 million, which comprised 58% and 54% of total external ma revenue in 2017 and 2016, respectively, increased $165.1 million, or 25%, over the prior year period. in the u.s., revenue of $424.4 million increased $35.1 million compared to 2016. non-u.s. revenue of $408.3 million increased $130.0 million compared to the prior year. rd&a revenue in 2017 included approximately $92 million in revenue, or 14 percentage points of the growth, from the bureau van dijk acquisition (net of an approximate $36 million reduction relating to a deferred revenue adjustment required as part of acquisition accounting as further described in note 7 to the financial statements). rd&a revenue growth also reflects strong results in the credit research and rating data feeds product lines, where enhanced content and continued alignment of usage and licensing parameters have generated higher fees.
global ers revenue of $448.6 million in 2017 increased $29.8 million, or 7%, over 2016. the growth is primarily due to higher revenue from risk and finance analytics products coupled with incremental revenue from ggy, which was acquired in march 2016. additionally, the revenue growth reflects benefits from pricing increases within ers’s recurring revenue base. revenue in ers is subject to quarterly volatility resulting from the variable nature of project timing and the concentration of software implementation and license revenue in a relatively small number of engagements. in the u.s., revenue of $166.6 million increased $3.7 million compared to the prior year. non-u.s. revenue of $282.0 million increased $26.1 million compared to the prior year.
global ps revenue of $149.0 million in 2017 increased 1% compared to 2016 reflecting higher revenue from analytical and research services in the u.s. mostly offset by lower revenue from these services internationally. in the u.s., revenue in 2017 was $54.6 million, up 6% compared to 2016. international revenue was $94.4 million, down 1% compared to 2016.
operating and sg&a expenses in 2017 increased $122.4 million compared to 2016. the expense growth includes an approximate $74 million increase in compensation costs reflecting $32 million in bureau van dijk compensation costs coupled with annual salary
44   moody’s 2017 10-k increases, higher performance-based compensation and higher severance costs partially offset by the impact of cost control initiatives. non-compensation costs increased approximately $48 million primarily due to bureau van dijk expenses.
there were $22.5 million in acquisition-related expenses incurred to complete and integrate the acquisition of bureau van dijk.
depreciation and amortization increased $30.7 million primarily due to the amortization of bureau van dijk’s intangible assets.
adjusted operating income was $351.3 million in 2017 and increased $65.5 million compared to the same period in 2016. operating income of $245.2 million in 2017 increased $14.1 million compared to the same period in 2016. adjusted operating margin in 2017 was 24.3%, up 140bps from 2016. operating margin was 17.0% in 2017, down 150bps from the prior year reflecting the aforementioned $22.5 million in bureau van dijk acquisition-related expenses coupled with approximately $31 million of higher d&a primarily relating to bureau van dijk’s intangible assets. adjusted operating income and operating income both include intersegment revenue and expense.
results of operations year ended december 31, 2016 compared with year ended december 31, 2015
executive summary
»   moody’s revenue in 2016 totaled $3,604.2 million, an increase of $119.7 million, or 3%, compared to 2015 reflecting good growth in ma revenue coupled with modest growth in mis revenue.

»                  mis revenue was 2% higher compared to the prior year reflecting robust rated issuance volumes for high-yield corporate debt and bank loans as well as for public finance related activity in the second half of 2016. the growth also reflected benefits from changes in the mix of fee type, new fee initiatives and pricing increases. these increases were mostly offset by challenges in the first half of 2016 in the high-yield and investment-grade corporate debt sectors due to elevated credit spreads and market volatility. additionally, there was lower securitization activity in the u.s. in the first half of 2016, most notably in the u.s. clo and cmbs asset classes, which reflected the aforementioned elevated credit spreads and market volatility as well as uncertainty relating to the implementation of risk retention regulatory requirements for these asset classes.

»   ma revenue grew 7% compared to the prior year reflecting growth in ers and rd&amp;a, most notably in the u.s. revenue grew in most product areas of ers and included revenue from the acquisition of ggy. in rd&amp;a, revenue growth was primarily driven by credit research subscriptions and licensing of ratings data. excluding unfavorable changes in fx translation rates, ma revenue grew 10%.

»   total operating expenses increased $954.4 million or 47%, reflecting:

»   an $863.8 million settlement charge relating to the mis segment pursuant to an agreement with the doj and the attorneys general of 21 u.s. states and the district of columbia;

»   higher compensation costs of $88.1 million associated with headcount growth in ma (including costs from the acquisition of ggy) and annual compensation increases company-wide partially offset by cost reduction initiatives in response to the challenging business conditions in mis during the first half of 2016; and

»   a restructuring charge of $12.0 million associated with cost management initiatives in the mis segment as well as in certain corporate overhead functions.

»   operating income of $638.7 million in 2016, which included the aforementioned $863.8 million settlement charge, was down $834.7 million compared to 2015 and resulted in an operating margin of 17.7%, compared to 42.3% in the prior year. adjusted operating income of $1,641.2 million in 2016 was up modestly compared to 2015, while adjusted operating margin of 45.5% remained flat compared to 2015.

»                  the change in non-operating income (expense) net, compared to the prior year is primarily due to higher fx gains which included an approximate $35 million gain related to the liquidation of a non-u.s. subsidiary and an approximate $15 million gain relating to the appreciation of the euro relative to the british pound during 2016. partially offsetting these increases was higher interest expense reflecting the 2015 senior notes issued in march 2015 and the $300 million of additional borrowings under the 2014 senior notes (30-year) in november 2015.

»   the etr was 50.6% in 2016 compared to 31.2% in the prior year with the increase primarily reflecting the non-deductible nature of the federal portion of the aforementioned settlement charge.

moody’s 2017 10-k   45
»                         diluted eps of $1.36 in 2016, which included: i) a $3.59 settlement charge; ii) a $0.04 restructuring charge; iii) an $0.18 fx gain relating to the substantial liquidation of a subsidiary; and iv) $0.13 in acquisition-related intangible amortization, decreased $3.27 compared to 2015. excluding all of the aforementioned items in 2016 and a $0.03 benefit from a legacy tax matter and $0.11 in acquisition-related intangible amortization in the prior year, adjusted diluted eps of $4.94 in 2016 increased $0.23.

moody’s corporation year ended december 31,          % change favorable
(unfavorable)
2016                       2015
revenue:
united states                                                                    $2,105.5                     $2,009.0                           5   %
international:
emea                                                                                904.4                        882.3                           3   %
asia-pacific                                                                        373.2                        364.2                           2   %
americas                                                                            221.1                        229.0                          (3   %)
total international                                                               1,498.7                      1,475.5                           2   %
total                                                                             3,604.2                      3,484.5                           3   %
expenses:
operating                                                                         1,026.6                        976.3                          (5   %)
sg&amp;a                                                                            936.4                        921.3                          (2   %)
restructuring                                                                        12.0                            —                          nm depreciation and amortization                                                       126.7                        113.5                         (12   %)
settlement charge                                                                   863.8                            —                          nm total                                                                             2,965.5                      2,011.1                         (47   %)
operating income                                                                   $638.7                     $1,473.4                         (57   %)
adjusted operating income (1)                                                    $1,641.2                     $1,586.9                           3   %
interest expense, net                                                             $(137.8     )                $(115.1   )                     (20   %)
other non-operating income, net                                                     $57.1                        $21.3                         168   %
non-operating expense, net                                                         $(80.7     )                 $(93.8   )                      14   %
net income attributable to moody’s                                                 $266.6                       $941.3                         (72   %)
diluted eps attributable to moody’s common shareholders                             $1.36                        $4.63                         (71   %)
adjusted diluted eps attributable to moody’s common shareholders (1)                $4.94                        $4.71                           5   %
operating margin                                                                     17.7     %                   42.3   %
adjusted operating margin (1)                                                        45.5     %                   45.5   %
(1)   adjusted operating income, adjusted operating margin and adjusted diluted eps attributable to moody’s common shareholders are non-gaap financial measures. refer to the section entitled “non-gaap financial measures” of this management discussion and analysis for further information regarding these measures.

the table below shows moody’s global staffing by geographic area:
december 31,                             % change
2016                   2015
united states             3,386                   3,364             1   %
international             7,231                   7,006             3   %
total                    10,617                  10,370             2   %
global revenue of $3,604.2 million in 2016 increased $119.7 million, or 3%, compared to 2015 and reflected good growth in ma revenue, which included revenue from the first quarter 2016 acquisition of ggy, coupled with modest growth in mis revenue.
the $36.6 million increase in mis revenue reflected robust rated issuance volumes for high-yield corporate debt and bank loans as well as for public finance related activity in the second half of 2016 reflecting both opportunistic refinancing and new issuance activity. the growth also reflected benefits from changes in the mix of fee type, new fee initiatives and pricing increases. these increases were mostly offset by challenges in the first half of 2016 in the high-yield and investment-grade corporate debt sectors due to elevated credit spreads and market volatility. additionally, there was lower securitization activity in the u.s. in the first half of 2016, most nota-
46   moody’s 2017 10-k bly in the u.s. clo and cmbs asset classes, which reflected the aforementioned elevated credit spreads and market volatility as well as uncertainty earlier in the year relating to the implementation of certain risk retention regulatory requirements by the end of 2016 for these asset classes.
the $83.1 million increase in ma revenue reflects growth in ers and rd&a, most notably in the u.s. revenue grew in most product areas of ers and included revenue from the 2016 acquisition of ggy. in rd&a, revenue growth was primarily driven by credit research, subscriptions and licensing of ratings data partially offset by the impact of unfavorable changes in fx rates. excluding unfavorable changes in fx translation rates, ma revenue grew 10%.
transaction revenue accounted for 49% of global mco revenue in 2016 compared 50% of global mco revenue in 2015.
u.s. revenue of $2,105.5 million in 2016 increased $96.5 million over the prior year, reflecting strong growth in ma coupled with modest growth in mis.
non-u.s. revenue increased $23.2 million from 2015 reflecting modest growth in both reportable segments.
operating expenses were $1,026.6 million in 2016 up $50.3 million from 2015 and included an increase in compensation costs of approximately $71 million. this increase reflects higher salaries and employee benefit expenses resulting from the impact of annual compensation increases and headcount growth in ma which includes headcount from the acquisition of ggy. the increase in compensation expenses also reflects higher incentive compensation reflecting greater achievement relative to targeted results compared to the prior year. these increases were partially offset by an approximate $21 million decrease in non-compensation expenses reflecting cost reduction initiatives in response to challenging business conditions in mis earlier in the year.
sg&a expenses of $936.4 million in 2016 increased $15.1 million from the prior year period reflecting increased compensation costs primarily due to annual compensation increases company-wide and headcount growth in ma which included headcount from the ggy acquisition. the increase in compensation expenses also reflects higher incentive compensation reflecting greater achievement relative to targeted results compared to the prior year. additionally, there was an increase in non-compensation expenses reflecting higher rent and occupancy costs being mostly offset by the impact of cost reduction initiatives in response to challenging business conditions in mis earlier in the year.
the restructuring charge of $12.0 million relates to cost management initiatives in 2016 in the mis segment as well as in certain corporate overhead functions.
d&a increased $13.2 million reflecting amortization of intangible assets from acquisitions as well as higher depreciation reflecting an increase in capital expenditures to support it infrastructure and business growth.
the $863.8 million settlement charge relates to an agreement with the u.s. doj and the attorneys general of 21 u.s. states and the district of columbia to resolve pending and potential civil claims related to the mis segment.
operating income of $638.7 million in 2016, which included the aforementioned $863.8 million settlement charge, was down $834.7 million compared to 2015 and resulted in an operating margin of 17.7%, compared to 42.3% in the prior year. adjusted operating income of $1,641.2 million in 2016 was up modestly compared to 2015, while adjusted operating margin of 45.5% remained flat compared to 2015.
interest expense, net in 2016 was ($137.8) million, a $22.7 million increase in expense compared to 2015 reflecting interest on the 2015 senior notes which were issued in march 2015 as well as interest on the $300 million of additional borrowings under the 2014 senior notes (30-year) in november 2015.
other non-operating income, net was $57.1 million in 2016, a $35.8 million increase in income compared to 2015. this increase reflected fx gains of approximately $35 million related to the substantial liquidation of a subsidiary and approximately $15 million of gains relating to the appreciation of the euro relative to the british pound during 2016. fx gains in 2015 were immaterial. this increase in income was partially offset by a $6.4 million benefit from a legacy tax matter in 2015 compared to a $1.6 million benefit in 2016.
the etr was 50.6% in 2016 compared to 31.2% in the prior year with the increase primarily reflecting the non-deductible nature of the federal portion of the aforementioned settlement charge.
net income in 2016, which included an approximate $701 million net settlement charge more fully described above, was $266.6 million, or $674.7 million lower than prior year. diluted eps of $1.36 in 2016, which included: i) a $3.59 settlement charge; ii) a $0.04 restructuring charge and iii) an $0.18 fx gain relating to the substantial liquidation of a subsidiary; and iv) $0.13 in acquisition-related intangible amortization, decreased $3.27 compared to 2015. excluding all of the aforementioned items in 2016 and a $0.03 benefit from a legacy tax matter and $0.11 in acquisition-related intangible amortization in the prior year, adjusted diluted eps of $4.94 in 2016 increased $0.23 primarily reflecting lower diluted weighted average shares outstanding. the reduction in diluted weighted average shares outstanding reflects share repurchases under the company’s board authorized share repurchase program partially offset by shares issued under the employee stock-based compensation programs.
moody’s 2017 10-k   47
segment results moody’s investors service the table below provides a summary of revenue and operating results, followed by further insight and commentary:
year ended december 31,          % change favorable
(unfavorable)
2016                       2015
revenue:
corporate finance (cfg)                                       $1,122.3                     $1,112.7                           1   %
structured finance (sfg)                                         436.8                        449.1                          (3   %)
financial institutions (fig)                                     368.9                        365.6                           1   %
public, project and infrastructure finance (ppif)                412.2                        376.4                          10   %
total ratings revenue                                          2,340.2                      2,303.8                           2   %
mis other                                                         30.6                         30.4                           1   %
total external revenue                                         2,370.8                      2,334.2                           2   %
intersegment royalty                                             100.2                         93.5                           7   %
total mis revenue                                              2,471.0                      2,427.7                           2   %
expenses:
operating and sg&amp;a (external)                              1,102.1                      1,107.2                           —
operating and sg&amp;a (intersegment)                             13.5                         13.1                          (3   %)
adjusted operating income                                      1,355.4                      1,307.4                           4   %
depreciation and amortization                                     73.8                         66.0                         (12   %)
restructuring                                                     10.2                            —                          nm settlement charge                                                863.8                            —                          nm operating income                                                $407.6                     $1,241.4                         (67   %)
operating margin                                                  16.5     %                   51.1   %
adjusted operating margin                                         54.9     %                   53.9   %
the following is a discussion of external mis revenue and operating expenses:
global mis revenue of $2,370.8 million in 2016 was up 2% compared to 2015 reflecting robust rated issuance volumes for high-yield corporate debt, bank loans and public finance in the second half of 2016 as capital market volatility and elevated credit spreads that hindered issuance in the first half of 2016 subsided. additionally, the growth reflects the favorable impact of changes in the mix of fee type, new fee initiatives and pricing increases. these increases were mostly offset by challenges in the first half of 2016 in both the speculative-grade and investment-grade corporate debt sectors due to elevated credit spreads and market volatility at the time coupled with an unfavorable shift in issuance mix for investment-grade corporate debt. additionally, there was lower securitization activity in the u.s. in the first half of 2016, primarily in the u.s. clo and cmbs asset classes, which reflected the aforementioned elevated credit spreads and market volatility as well as uncertainty earlier in the year relating to the december 2016 implementation deadline for certain risk retention regulatory requirements for these asset classes.
transaction revenue for mis was 61% in both 2016 and 2015.
in the u.s., revenue was $1,501.9 million in 2016, an increase of $27.6 million compared to 2015 and reflected benefits from changes in the mix of fee type, new fee initiatives and pricing increases coupled with second half of 2016 growth in rated issuance volumes for high-yield corporate debt and bank loans as well as strong public finance issuance. these increases were partially offset by lower rated issuance volumes for high-yield corporate debt in the first half of 2016 and a decline in investment-grade corporate debt rated issuance volumes which was most notable in the fourth quarter of 2016. additionally, there were declines in securitization activity in the clo and cmbs asset classes within sfg in the first half of 2016.
non-u.s. revenue was $868.9 million in 2016, an increase of $9.0 million compared to 2015 primarily reflecting second half of 2016 growth in high-yield corporate debt and bank loans as well as investment-grade corporate debt. this growth in the second half reflected improved market sentiment following volatility in the first half of 2016 as well as the ecb sponsored cspp providing a ballast to corporate debt issuance in the emea region. the growth over the prior year also reflects changes in the mix of fee type, new fee initiatives and pricing increases. these increases were partially offset by lower revenue in the first half of 2016 primarily reflecting declines in investment-grade and high-yield corporate debt across all regions.
48   moody’s 2017 10-k global cfg revenue of $1,122.3 million in 2016 was up 1% compared to 2015. the increase reflects benefits from changes in the mix of fee type, new fee initiatives and pricing increases coupled with robust rated issuance volumes for high-yield corporate debt and bank loans in the u.s. and emea in the second half of 2016 as capital market volatility and elevated credit spreads that hindered issuance in the first half of 2016 subsided. the increase also reflects higher investment-grade rated issuance volumes in emea in the second half of 2016 reflecting additional liquidity in the region resulting from the ecb sponsored cspp. these increases were partially offset by lower rated issuance volumes in the first half of 2016 for investment-grade and speculative-grade corporate debt across all regions due to elevated credit spreads and capital market volatility at the time. also, there were lower u.s. investment-grade rated issuance volumes in the fourth quarter of 2016 reflecting an increase in benchmark interest rates immediately following the u.s. presidential election in november. transaction revenue represented 68% of total cfg revenue in 2016, compared to 69% in the prior year period. in the u.s., revenue in 2016 was $762.9 million, or $10.0 million higher than the prior year. internationally, revenue of $359.4 million in the 2016 was flat compared to the prior year.
global sfg revenue of $436.8 million in 2016 decreased $12.3 million, or 3%, compared to 2015. in the u.s., revenue of $293.3 million decreased $18.2 million compared to 2015. this decrease primarily reflected lower clo formation in the first half of 2016 due to elevated credit spreads and declining availability of collateral for these instruments earlier in the year. additionally, the decrease reflected lower securitization activity in the cmbs asset class reflecting higher average credit spreads over the course of 2016, particularly in the first quarter, as well as uncertainties relating to the implementation of certain risk retention regulatory requirements for this asset class. these declines were partially offset by benefits from changes in the mix of fee type, new fee initiatives and pricing increases. non-u.s. revenue in 2016 of $143.5 million increased $5.9 million compared to the prior year primarily reflecting growth in rmbs and abs in emea. transaction revenue was 62% of total sfg revenue in 2016 compared to 64% in the prior year.
global fig revenue of $368.9 million in 2016 increased $3.3 million, or 1%, compared to 2015. in the u.s., revenue of $160.1 million increased $3.7 million compared to the prior year primarily reflecting benefits from changes in the mix of fee type, new fee initiatives and pricing increases as well as higher m&a related issuance volumes in the insurance sector. these increases were partially offset by reduced banking-related issuance volumes due to market volatility in the first half of 2016. internationally, revenue was $208.8 million in 2016, or flat compared to 2015 with benefits from changes in the mix of fee type, new fee initiatives and pricing increases and growth in the asia-pacific region reflecting higher cross-border issuance from chinese banks and asset managers being offset by declines in banking-related issuance in emea. transaction revenue was 37% of total fig revenue in both 2016 and 2015.
global ppif revenue was $412.2 million in 2016 and increased $35.8 million, or 10%, compared to 2015. in the u.s., revenue in 2016 was $276.2 million and increased $31.5 million compared to 2015 primarily due to benefits from changes in the mix of fee type, new fee initiatives and pricing increases as well as strong growth in public finance issuance in the second half of 2016. this growth in issuance reflects opportunistic refunding activity amidst favorable market conditions as well as higher new issuance volumes to fund municipal infrastructure investment needs. additionally, the growth in the u.s. reflects higher infrastructure finance revenue. outside the u.s., ppif revenue was $136.0 million and increased $4.3 million compared to 2015 reflecting benefits from changes in the mix of fee type, new fee initiatives and pricing increases as well as higher infrastructure finance revenue in the americas region. these increases were partially offset by lower project finance revenue across all non-u.s. regions. transaction revenue was 63% of total ppif revenue in 2016 compared to 60% in the prior year.
global mis other revenue of $30.6 million in 2016 was flat compared to 2015.
operating and sg&a expenses in 2016 decreased $5.1 million compared to 2015 primarily reflecting lower non-compensation costs of approximately $25.0 million reflecting overall cost control initiatives. this decrease was partially offset by higher compensation expenses of approximately $20 million compared to the prior year reflecting annual salary increases coupled with higher incentive compensation costs resulting from higher achievement against full-year targeted results compared to the prior year.
the increase in d&a compared to the prior year reflects capital expenditures related to investments in the company’s it and operational infrastructure.
the restructuring charge in 2016 relates to cost management initiatives in the mis segment as well as in certain corporate overhead functions.
the settlement charge is pursuant to an agreement with the doj and the attorneys general of 21 u.s. states and the district of columbia.
adjusted operating income was $1,355.4 million and increased $48.0 million compared to the prior year. operating income in 2016, which includes the aforementioned $863.8 million settlement charge, was $407.6 million and decreased $833.8 million compared to the prior year. adjusted operating margin was 54.9% or 100 bps higher than the prior year. operating margin was 16.5% in 2016 compared to 51.1% in the prior year, with the decline primarily due to the aforementioned settlement charge. adjusted operating income and operating income both include intersegment revenue and expense.
moody’s 2017 10-k   49
moody’s analytics the table below provides a summary of revenue and operating results, followed by further insight and commentary:
year ended december 31,          % change favorable
(unfavorable)
2016                      2015
revenue:
research, data and analytics (rd&amp;a)              $667.6                      $626.4                           7   %
enterprise risk solutions (ers)                       418.8                       374.0                          12   %
professional services (ps)                            147.0                       149.9                          (2   %)
total external revenue                              1,233.4                     1,150.3                           7   %
intersegment revenue                                   13.5                        13.1                           3   %
total ma revenue                                    1,246.9                     1,163.4                           7   %
expenses:
operating and sg&amp;a (external)                     860.9                       790.4                          (9   %)
operating and sg&amp;a (intersegment)                 100.2                        93.5                          (7   %)
adjusted operating income                             285.8                       279.5                           2   %
depreciation and amortization                          52.9                        47.5                         (11   %)
restructuring                                           1.8                           —                          nm operating income                                     $231.1                      $232.0                           —
operating margin                                       18.5     %                  19.9   %
adjusted operating margin                              22.9     %                  24.0   %
the following is a discussion of external ma revenue and operating expenses:
global ma revenue increased $83.1 million, or 7%, compared to 2015 and reflected growth in rd&a as well as ers, which included revenue from the acquisition of ggy. additionally, the growth over the prior year reflects benefits from pricing increases within ma’s recurring revenue base. excluding unfavorable changes in fx rates, ma revenue grew 10% compared to the prior year. recurring revenue comprised 75% and 74% of total ma revenue in 2016 and 2015, respectively.
in the u.s., revenue of $603.6 million in 2016 increased $68.9 million, and reflected growth in rd&a and ers. the growth in rd&a reflected strength in credit research subscriptions and licensing of ratings data as well as higher revenue within sav and ecca. the increase in ers revenue reflected growth across all product verticals and included revenue from the acquisition of ggy in march 2016.
non-u.s. revenue of $629.8 million in 2016 was $14.2 million higher than in 2015 reflecting growth in rd&a and ers partially offset by unfavorable changes in fx rates. the growth in rd&a primarily reflects strength in credit research subscriptions and licensing of ratings data in the asia-pacific region. the increase in ers was primarily due to higher revenue from the assets liability & capital and credit assessment & origination product verticals in the emea region coupled with revenue from the acquisition of ggy. these increases were partially offset by declines in the credit assessment & origination product vertical in the americas region.
global rd&a revenue of $667.6 million, which comprised 54% of total external ma revenue in both 2016 and 2015, increased $41.2 million, or 7%, over the prior year period. excluding unfavorable changes in fx rates, rd&a revenue increased 9% over the prior year. the growth reflected strength in credit research subscriptions and licensing of ratings data as well as higher revenue within sav and ecca. the growth compared to 2015 also reflects the benefits of pricing increases. in the u.s., revenue of $389.3 million increased $37.4 million compared to 2015. non-u.s. revenue of $278.3 million increased $3.8 million compared to the prior year.
global ers revenue of $418.8 million in 2016 increased $44.8 million, or 12%, over 2015. excluding unfavorable changes in fx rates, ers revenue grew 15% reflecting increases across most product offerings and included revenue from the acquisition of ggy in march of 2016. additionally, the revenue growth reflects benefits from pricing increases within ers’s recurring revenue base. revenue in ers is subject to quarterly volatility resulting from the variable nature of project timing and the concentration of software implementation and license revenue in a relatively small number of engagements. in the u.s., revenue of $162.9 million increased $31.7 million compared to the prior year. non-u.s. revenue of $255.9 million increased $13.1 million compared to the prior year.
global ps revenue of $147.0 million in 2016 decreased $2.9 million, or 2%, from 2015. excluding the unfavorable impact from changes in fx translation rates, ps revenue was flat compared to the prior year. in the u.s. and internationally revenue was $51.4 million and $95.6 million, respectively, or flat and down 3%, respectively.
50   moody’s 2017 10-k the increase in d&a compared to the prior year reflects capital expenditures related to investments in the company’s it and operational infrastructure as well as amortization of acquired intangible assets.
operating and sg&a expenses in 2016 increased $70.5 million compared to 2015. the expense growth primarily reflects an approximate $68 million increase in compensation costs primarily due to higher headcount to support business growth as well as headcount from the acquisition of ggy coupled with annual merit increases.
adjusted operating income was $285.8 million in 2016 and increased $6.3 million compared to the same period in 2015. operating income of $231.1 million in 2016 decreased $0.9 million compared to the same period in 2015. adjusted operating margin in 2016 was 22.9%, down 110bps from 2015. operating margin was 18.5% in 2016, down 140bps from the prior year. operating margin and adjusted operating margin in 2016 were suppressed due to a larger proportion of overhead costs allocated to ma under the company’s revenue-split methodology. adjusted operating income and operating income both include intersegment revenue and expense.
market risk foreign exchange risk:
moody’s maintains a presence in 40 countries outside the u.s. in 2017, approximately 40% and 39% of both the company’s revenue and expenses, respectively were denominated in functional currencies other than the u.s. dollar, principally in the british pound and the euro. as such, the company is exposed to market risk from changes in fx rates. as of december 31, 2017, approximately 81% of moody’s assets were located outside the u.s. making the company susceptible to fluctuations in fx rates. the effects of translating assets and liabilities of non-u.s. operations with non-u.s. functional currencies to the u.s. dollar are charged or credited to oci.
the effects of revaluing assets and liabilities that are denominated in currencies other than a subsidiary’s functional currency are charged to other non-operating income (expense), net in the company’s consolidated statements of operations. accordingly, the company enters into foreign exchange forwards to partially mitigate the change in fair value on certain assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than a subsidiary’s functional currency. the following table shows the impact to the fair value of the forward contracts if foreign currencies strengthened against the u.s. dollar:
foreign currency forwards *                   impact on fair value of contract if foreign currency strengthened by 10%
sell                      buy u.s. dollar               british pound            $47 million unfavorable impact u.s. dollar               canadian dollar           $6 million unfavorable impact u.s. dollar               euro                     $47 million unfavorable impact u.s. dollar               japanese yen              $3 million unfavorable impact u.s. dollar               singapore dollar          $4 million unfavorable impact
*   refer to note 5 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this form 10-k for further detail on the forward contracts.

the change in fair value of the foreign exchange forward contracts would be offset by fx revaluation gains or losses on underlying assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than a subsidiary’s functional currency.
also, the company has designated €500 million of the 2015 senior notes as a net investment hedge to mitigate fx exposure relating to euro denominated net investments in subsidiaries. if the euro were to strengthen 10% relative to the u.s. dollar, there would be an approximate $56 million unfavorable adjustment to oci related to this net investment hedge. this adjustment would be offset by favorable translation adjustments on the company’s euro net investment in subsidiaries.
moody’s aggregate cash and cash equivalents and short- term investments of $1.2 billion at december 31, 2017 included $1 billion located outside the u.s. approximately 62% of the company’s aggregate cash and cash equivalents and short term investments at december 31, 2017 were held in currencies other than usd. as such, a decrease in the value of foreign currencies against the u.s. dollar, particularly the euro and gbp, could reduce the reported amount of usd cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments.
credit and interest rate risk:
the company’s interest rate risk management objectives are to reduce the funding cost and volatility to the company and to alter the interest rate exposure to the desired risk profile. moody’s uses interest rate swaps as deemed necessary to assist in accomplishing these objectives.
the company is exposed to interest rate risk on its various outstanding fixed rate debt for which the fair value of the outstanding fixed rate debt fluctuates based on changes in interest rates. the company has entered into interest rate swaps to convert the fixed rate of interest on certain of its borrowings to a floating rate based on the 3-month libor. these swaps are adjusted to fair market value moody’s 2017 10-k   51
based on prevailing interest rates at the end of each reporting period and fluctuations are recorded as a reduction or addition to the carrying value of the borrowing, while net interest payments are recorded as interest expense/income in the company’s consolidated statement of operations. a hypothetical change of 100bps in the libor-based swap rate would result in an approximate $26 million change to the fair value of these interest rate swaps.
additional information on these interest rate swaps is disclosed in note 5 to the consolidated financial statements located in item 8 of this form 10-k.
moody’s cash equivalents consist of investments in high-quality investment-grade securities within and outside the u.s. with maturities of three months or less when purchased. the company manages its credit risk exposure by allocating its cash equivalents among various money market mutual funds, money market deposit accounts, certificates of deposit and issuers of high-grade commercial paper and by limiting the amount it can invest with any single issuer. short-term investments primarily consist of certificates of deposit.
liquidity and capital resources cash flow the company is currently financing its operations, capital expenditures, acquisitions and share repurchases from operating and financing cash flows.
the following is a summary of the changes in the company’s cash flows followed by a brief discussion of these changes:
year ended december 31,                                               year ended december 31,
2017                    2016                    $ change              2016                    2015                           $ change favorable                                                                   favorable
(unfavorable)                                                           (unfavorable)
net cash provided by operating activities                      $747.5                  $1,259.2       $(511.7           )          $1,259.2               $1,198.1                    $61.1
net cash (used in) provided by investing activities         $(3,420.0     )              $102.0       $(3,522.0         )            $102.0               $(92.0        )            $194.0
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities          $1,607.2                 $(1,042.9   )   $2,650.1                    $(1,042.9     )         $(505.5       )           $(537.4   )
free cash flow *                                               $656.9                  $1,144.0       $(487.1           )          $1,144.0               $1,109.1                    $34.9
*   free cash flow is a non-gaap measure and is defined by the company as net cash provided by operating activities minus cash paid for capital expenditures. refer to “non-gaap financial measures” of this md&amp;a for further information on this financial measure.

net cash provided by operating activities year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the year ended december 31, 2016:
net cash flows from operating activities decreased $511.7 million compared to the prior year primarily due to the approximate $701 million net payment for the settlement charge in 2017 (net of an approximate $163 million tax benefit relating to the charge). this was partially offset by an increase in cash flows primarily relating to the company’s strong adjusted net income growth in 2017.
additionally, the company made approximately $26 million and $22 million in contributions to its funded u.s. pension plan in 2017 and 2016, respectively.
year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015:
net cash flows from operating activities increased $61.1 million compared to the prior year primarily due to:
»   an approximate $64 million increase due to the timing of income tax payments;

»   an approximate $43 million increase relating to higher deferred revenue reflecting overall business growth;

»   an approximate $43 million increase reflecting higher incentive compensation payouts in 2015 compared to 2016 as well as higher incentive compensation accruals reflecting greater achievement against full-year targeted results in 2016 compared to 2015

partially offset by:
»   approximate $79 million decrease in cash flow from changes in accounts receivable balances primarily reflecting greater growth in accounts receivable in 2016 compared to 2015. approximately 30% and 33% of the company’s accounts receivable at december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, represent unbilled receivables which primarily reflect certain annual fees in mis which are billed in arrears.

additionally, the company made approximately $22 million to its funded u.s. pension plan in both 2016 and 2015.
52   moody’s 2017 10-k net cash provided by (used in) investing activities year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the year ended december 31, 2016:
the $3,522.0 million increase in cash flows used in investing activities compared to 2016 primarily reflects:
»   a $3.4 billion increase in cash paid for acquisitions compared to the prior year primarily reflecting the acquisition of bureau van dijk in the third quarter of 2017;

»   lower net maturities of short-term investments of $251.2 million;

partially offset by:
»   cash received of $111.1 million relating to the purchase price hedge.

year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015:
the $194.0 million increase in cash flows provided by investing activities compared to 2015 primarily reflects:
»   higher net maturities of short-term investments of $354.7 million;

partially offset by:
»   a $73.2 million increase in cash paid for acquisitions and equity investments primarily due to the acquisition of ggy in 2016;

»   net cash paid of $23.1 million for the settlement of forward contracts designated as net investment hedges in 2016 compared to cash received of $39.7 million in 2015; and

»   higher capital expenditures of approximately $26 million reflecting investment in the company’s it and operational infrastructure.

net cash provided by financing activities year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the year ended december 31, 2016:
the $2,650.1 million increase in cash provided by financing activities was primarily attributed to:
»   proceeds of $1.5 billion from notes and a term loan issued as well as $0.1 billion in net proceeds from commercial paper to fund the acquisition of bureau van dijk. additionally, reflects $0.8 billion of notes issued in the first quarter of 2017 to fund the payment of the 2016 settlement charge and the early repayment of the series 2007-1 notes;

»   treasury shares repurchased of $199.7 million in 2017 compared to $738.8 million in 2016;

partially offset by:
»   repayment of the $300 million series 2007-1 notes.

year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015:
the $537.4 million increase in cash used in financing activities was primarily attributed to:
»   $852.8 million from the issuance of long-term debt in 2015, no long-term debt was issued in 2016;

»   $45.4 million paid to acquire the non-controlling interest of kis and additional shares of kis pricing;

partially offset by:
»   treasury shares repurchased of $738.8 million in 2016 compared to $1,098.1 million repurchased in 2015.

cash and short-term investments held in non-u.s. jurisdictions the company’s aggregate cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments of $1.2 billion at december 31, 2017 included approximately $1 billion located outside of the u.s. approximately 27% of the company’s aggregate cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments is denominated in euros and british pounds. the company manages both its u.s. and international cash flow to maintain sufficient liquidity in all regions to effectively meet its operating needs.
other material future cash requirements the company believes that it has the financial resources needed to meet its cash requirements and expects to have positive operating cash flow in 2018. cash requirements for periods beyond the next twelve months will depend, among other things, on the company’s profitability and its ability to manage working capital requirements. the company may also borrow from various sources.
the company remains committed to using its strong cash flow to create value for shareholders by investing in growing areas of the business, reinvesting in ratings quality initiatives, making selective acquisitions, repurchasing stock and paying a dividend, all in a manner consistent with maintaining sufficient liquidity after giving effect to any additional indebtedness that may be incurred.
in january 2018, the board of directors of the company declared a quarterly dividend of $0.44 per share of moody’s common stock, payable march 12, 2018 to shareholders of record at the close of business on february 20, 2018. the continued payment of dividends moody’s 2017 10-k   53
at this rate, or at all, is subject to the discretion of the board. in december 2015, the board authorized $1.0 billion of share repurchase authority, which had a remaining repurchase authority of approximately $0.5 million at december 31, 2017. full-year 2018 total share repurchases are expected to be approximately $200 million, subject to available cash, market conditions and other ongoing capital allocation decisions.
the company has future cash requirements, including operating leases and debt service and principal payments, as noted in the tables that follow as well as future payments related to the transition tax under the tax act:
indebtedness at december 31, 2017, moody’s had $5.5 billion of outstanding debt and approximately $0.9 billion of additional capacity available under the company’s cp program which is backstopped by the 2015 facility as more fully discussed in note 16 to the consolidated financial statements. at december 31, 2017, the company was in compliance with all covenants contained within all of the debt agreements. all of the company’s long-term debt agreements contain cross default provisions which state that default under one of the aforementioned debt instruments could in turn permit lenders under other debt instruments to declare borrowings outstanding under those instruments to be immediately due and payable. at december 31, 2017, there were no such cross defaults.
the repayment schedule for the company’s borrowings outstanding at december 31, 2017 is as follows:
year ended        2010        2012        2013          2014          2014        2015   term                 2017        2017          2017          2017      commercial            total december 31,      senior      senior      senior        senior        senior      senior   loan             floating      senior       private       private           paper notes       notes       notes         notes         notes       notes   facility             rate       notes     placement     placement due         due         due      (5-year)     (30-year)         due   due                senior         due         notes         notes
2020        2022        2024           due           due        2027   2020                notes        2021           due           due
2019          2044                                     due                      2023          2028
2018
2018          $—          $—          $—            $—            $—          $—   $—                 $300.0          $—            $—            $—          $130.0           $430.0
2019         —           —           —           450.0          —            —            —             —            —            —             —              —                450.0
2020       500.0         —           —            —             —            —     500.0                —            —            —             —              —              1,000.0
2021         —           —           —            —             —            —            —             —          500.0          —             —              —                500.0
2022         —         500.0         —            —             —            —            —             —            —            —             —              —                500.0
thereafter         —           —         500.0          —            600.0       600.4          —             —            —           500.0         500.0           —              2,700.4
total      $500.0      $500.0      $500.0        $450.0        $600.0      $600.4   $500.0             $300.0      $500.0        $500.0        $500.0          $130.0         $5,580.4
management may consider pursuing additional long-term financing when it is appropriate in light of cash requirements for operations, share repurchases and other strategic opportunities, which would result in higher financing costs.
off-balance sheet arrangements at december 31, 2017, moody’s did not have any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as special purpose or variable interest entities where moody’s is the primary beneficiary, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. as such, moody’s is not exposed to any financing, liquidity, market or credit risk that could arise if it had engaged in such relationships.
contractual obligations the following table presents payments due under the company’s contractual obligations as of december 31, 2017:
payments due by period
(in millions)                       total     less than 1             1-3 years             3-5 years               over 5 years year indebtedness (1)                 $7,232.9          $615.0              $2,423.1              $1,205.3                    2,989.5
operating lease obligations         715.1           108.3                 167.8                 148.4                      290.6
purchase obligations                152.8            80.6                  58.7                  11.4                        2.1
capital lease obligations             0.2             0.2                     —                     —                          —
pension obligations (2)             134.0             8.0                  40.0                  18.0                       68.0
total (3)                        $8,235.0          $812.1              $2,689.6              $1,383.1                   $3,350.2
(1)   reflects principal payments, related interest and applicable fees due on all indebtedness outstanding as described in note 16 to the consolidated financial statements.

(2)   reflects projected benefit payments relating to the company’s u.s. unfunded dbpps and retirement and other plans described in note 13 to the consolidated financial statements

54   moody’s 2017 10-k
(3)   the table above does not include the company’s net long-term tax liabilities of $389.1 million relating to utps, since the expected cash outflow of such amounts by period cannot be reasonably estimated.
additionally, the table above does not include approximately $247 million relating to the deemed repatriation liability resulting from the tax act enacted into law in the u.s. in december 2017.

non-gaap financial measures:
in addition to its reported results, moody’s has included in this md&a certain adjusted results that the sec defines as “non-gaap financial measures.” management believes that such non-gaap financial measures, when read in conjunction with the company’s reported results, can provide useful supplemental information for investors analyzing period-to-period comparisons of the company’s performance, facilitate comparisons to competitors’ operating results and can provide greater transparency to investors of supplemental information used by management in its financial and operational decision-making. these non-gaap measures, as defined by the company, are not necessarily comparable to similarly defined measures of other companies. furthermore, these non-gaap measures should not be viewed in isolation or used as a substitute for other gaap measures in assessing the operating performance or cash flows of the company. below are descriptions of the company’s non-gaap financial measures accompanied by a reconciliation of the non-gaap measure to its most directly comparable gaap measure:
adjusted operating income and adjusted operating margin:
the company presents adjusted operating income because management deems this metric to be a useful measure of assessing the operating performance of moody’s. adjusted operating income excludes depreciation and amortization, acquisition-related expenses, restructuring and the settlement charge. depreciation and amortization are excluded because companies utilize productive assets of different ages and use different methods of acquiring and depreciating productive assets. acquisition-related expenses consist of expenses incurred to complete and integrate the acquisition of bureau van dijk and are excluded due to the material nature of these expenses which are not expected to recur at this dollar magnitude subsequent to the completion of the multi-year integration effort. acquisition related expenses from previous acquisitions were not material. restructuring charges are excluded as the frequency and magnitude of these charges may vary widely across periods and companies. the settlement charge is a material non-recurring event that is not expected to recur in the future at this magnitude. management believes that the exclusion of depreciation and amortization, acquisition-related expenses, restructuring and the settlement charge, as detailed in the reconciliation below, allows for an additional perspective on the company’s operating results from period to period and across companies. the company defines adjusted operating margin as adjusted operating income divided by revenue.
year ended december 31,
2017                   2016                    2015
operating income                       $1,809.1                  $638.7                $1,473.4
adjustments:
restructuring                                 —                    12.0                       —
depreciation and amortization             158.3                   126.7                   113.5
acquisition-related expenses               22.5                       —                       —
settlement charge                             —                   863.8                       —
adjusted operating income              $1,989.9                $1,641.2                $1,586.9
operating margin                           43.0    %               17.7    %               42.3   %
adjusted operating margin                  47.3    %               45.5    %               45.5   %
adjusted net income and adjusted diluted eps attributable to moody’s common shareholders:
beginning in the third quarter of 2017, the company modified this adjusted measure to exclude the impact of amortization of acquired intangible assets as companies utilize intangible assets with different ages and have different methods of acquiring and amortizing intangible assets. furthermore, the timing and magnitude of business combination transactions are not predictable and the purchase price allocated to amortizable intangible assets and the related amortization period are unique to each acquisition and can vary significantly from period to period and across companies. also, management believes that excluding acquisition-related amortization expense provides additional perspective when comparing operating results from period to period, and with both acquisitive and non-acquisitive peer companies. furthermore, u.s. tax reform as well as changes in statutory tax rates in belgium were both enacted in the fourth quarter of 2017, resulting in significant adjustments to the tax provision. the company modified the adjusted measures to exclude these adjustments to provide additional perspective when comparing net income and diluted eps from period to period and across companies. in addition to excluding acquisition-related amortization expense and the effects of u.s. tax reform as well as the statutory tax rate change in belgium, current and prior-year adjusted net income and adjusted diluted earnings per share exclude the ccxi gain, the purchase price hedge gain, acquisition-related expenses, restructuring charges and the settlement charge. the company excludes these items to provide additional perspective on the company’s operating results from period to period and across companies as the frequency and magnitude of similar transactions may vary widely across periods. additionally, the acquisition-related expenses are excluded due to the material nature of these expenses which are not expected to recur at this dollar magnitude subsequent to the completion of the multi-year integration effort relating to bureau van dijk. acquisition-related expenses from previous acquisitions were not material.
moody’s 2017 10-k   55
below is a reconciliation of this measure to its most directly comparable u.s. gaap amount.
year ended december 31,
2017                                        2016                                         2015
net income attributable to moody’s common shareholders                                                           $1,000.6                                       $266.6                                   $941.3
transition tax related to u.s. tax reform                                                                           247.3
net impact of u.s. tax reform/belgium statutory tax rate change on deferred taxes                                    (1.7   )
ccxi gain                                                                                                           (59.7   )                                        —
pre-tax purchase price hedge gain                                                          $(111.1   )                                        $—                                 $—
tax on purchase price hedge gain                                                              38.8                                             —                                      —
net purchase price hedge gain                                                                                       (72.3   )                                        —                                     —
pre-tax acquisition-related expenses                                                         $22.5                                            $—                                 $—
tax on acquisition-related expenses                                                           (3.6   )                                         —                                      —
acquisition-related expenses (1)                                                                                     18.9                                            —                                     —
pre-tax acquisition-related intangible amortization expenses                                 $61.4                                         $34.2                                 $31.9
tax on acquisition-related intangible amortization expenses                                  (16.2   )                                      (9.8   )                                  (9.1   )
net acquisition-related intangible amortization expenses                                                             45.2                                         24.4                                     22.8
pre-tax restructuring                                                                           $—                                         $12.0                                 $—
tax on restructuring                                                                             —                                          (3.9   )                                  —
net restructuring                                                                                                       —                                         $8.1                                       $—
pre-tax settlement charge                                                                                                                 $863.8                                 $—
tax on settlement charge                                                                                                                  (163.1   )                                  —
net settlement charge                                                                                                                                            700.7                                     —
fx gain on liquidation of a subsidiary                                                                                                                           (34.8   )                                 —
legacy tax benefit                                                                                                                                                   —                                     (6.4   )
adjusted net income                                                                                              $1,178.3                                       $965.0                                   $957.7
(1)   certain of these acquisition-related expenses are not deductible for tax

56   moody’s 2017 10-k year ended december 31,
2017                                      2016                                      2015
earnings per share attributable to moody’s common shareholders                                                    $5.15                                     $1.36                                     $4.63
transition tax related to u.s. tax reform                                                                          1.28
net impact of u.s. tax reform/belgium statutory tax rate change on deferred taxes                                 (0.01   )
ccxi gain                                                                                                         (0.31   )                                                                           —
pre-tax purchase price hedge gain                                                           $(0.57   )                                    $—                                $—
tax on purchase price hedge gain                                                              0.20                                         —                                     —
net purchase price hedge gain                                                                                     (0.37   )                                                                           —
pre-tax acquisition-related expenses                                                         $0.12                                        $—                                $—
tax on acquisition-related expenses                                                          (0.02   )                                     —                                     —
acquisition-related expenses (1)                                                                                   0.10                                                                               —
pre-tax acquisition-related intangible amortization expenses                                 $0.32                                     $0.18                                $0.16
tax on acquisition-related intangible amortization expenses                                  (0.09   )                                 (0.05   )                                 (0.05   )
net acquisition-related intangible amortization expenses                                                           0.23                                      0.13                                      0.11
pre-tax restructuring                                                                        —                                         $0.06                                $—
tax on restructuring                                                                         —                                         (0.02   )                                 —
net restructuring                                                                                                     —                                      0.04                                     —
pre-tax settlement charge                                                                    —                                         $4.42                                $—
tax on settlement charge                                                                     —                                         (0.83   )                                 —
net settlement charge                                                                                                 —                                      3.59                                     —
fx gain on liquidation of a subsidiary                                                                                —                                     (0.18   )                                 —
legacy tax benefit                                                                                                                                              —                                     (0.03   )
adjusted diluted eps                                                                                              $6.07                                     $4.94                                     $4.71
(1)   certain of these acquisition-related expenses are not deductible for tax

moody’s 2017 10-k   57
free cash flow:
the company defines free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities minus payments for capital additions. management believes that free cash flow is a useful metric in assessing the company’s cash flows to service debt, pay dividends and to fund acquisitions and share repurchases. management deems capital expenditures essential to the company’s product and service innovations and maintenance of moody’s operational capabilities. accordingly, capital expenditures are deemed to be a recurring use of moody’s cash flow. below is a reconciliation of the company’s net cash flows from operating activities to free cash flow:
year ended december 31,
2017                    2016                      2015
net cash provided by operating activities                       $747.5                  $1,259.2             $1,198.1
capital additions                                                (90.6    )               (115.2    )               (89.0   )
free cash flow                                                  $656.9                  $1,144.0             $1,109.1
net cash (used in) provided by investing activities          $(3,420.0    )               $102.0             $(92.0         )
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities           $1,607.2                 $(1,042.9    )        $(505.5        )
recently issued accounting pronouncements refer to note 2 to the consolidated financial statements located in item 8 on this form 10-k for a discussion on the impact to the company relating to recently issued accounting pronouncements.
contingencies for information regarding legal proceedings, see part ii, item 8 –“financial statements”, note 19 “contingencies” in this form 10-k.
forward-looking statements certain statements contained in this annual report on form 10-k are forward-looking statements and are based on future expectations, plans and prospects for the company’s business and operations that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. such statements involve estimates, projections, goals, forecasts, assumptions and uncertainties that could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those contemplated, expressed, projected, anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. those statements appear at various places throughout this annual report on form 10-k, including in the sections entitled “contingencies” under item 7. “md&a”, commencing on page 31 of this annual report on form 10-k, under “legal proceedings” in part i, item 3, of this form 10-k, and elsewhere in the context of statements containing the words “believe”, “expect”, “anticipate”, “intend”, “plan”, “will”, “predict”, “potential”, “continue”, “strategy”, “aspire”, “target”, “forecast”, “project”, “estimate”, “should”, “could”, “may” and similar expressions or words and variations thereof relating to the company’s views on future events, trends and contingencies. stockholders and investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. the forward-looking statements and other information are made as of the date of this annual report on form 10-k, and the company undertakes no obligation (nor does it intend) to publicly supplement, update or revise such statements on a going-forward basis, whether as a result of subsequent developments, changed expectations or otherwise. in connection with the “safe harbor” provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995, the company is identifying examples of factors, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ, perhaps materially, from those indicated by these forward-looking statements.
those factors, risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, world-wide credit market disruptions or an economic slowdown, which could affect the volume of debt and other securities issued in domestic and/or global capital markets; other matters that could affect the volume of debt and other securities issued in domestic and/or global capital markets, including regulation, credit quality concerns, changes in interest rates and other volatility in the financial markets such as that due to the u.k.’s referendum vote whereby the u.k. citizens voted to withdraw from the eu; the level of merger and acquisition activity in the u.s. and abroad; the uncertain effectiveness and possible collateral consequences of u.s. and foreign government actions affecting world-wide credit markets, international trade and economic policy; concerns in the marketplace affecting our credibility or otherwise affecting market perceptions of the integrity or utility of independent credit agency ratings; the introduction of competing products or technologies by other companies; pricing pressure from competitors and/or customers; the level of success of new product development and global expansion; the impact of regulation as an nrsro, the potential for new u.s., state and local legislation and regulations, including provisions in the financial reform act and regulations resulting from that act; the potential for increased competition and regulation in the eu and other foreign jurisdictions; exposure to litigation related to our rating opinions, as well as any other litigation, government and regulatory proceedings, investigations and inquires to which the company may be subject from time to time; provisions in the financial reform act legislation modifying the pleading standards, and eu regulations modifying the liability standards, applicable to credit rating agencies in a manner adverse to credit rating agencies; provisions of eu regulations imposing additional procedural and substantive requirements on
58   moody’s 2017 10-k the pricing of services and the expansion of supervisory remit to include non-eu ratings used for regulatory purposes; the possible loss of key employees; failures or malfunctions of our operations and infrastructure; any vulnerabilities to cyber threats or other cybersecurity concerns; the outcome of any review by controlling tax authorities of the company’s global tax planning initiatives; exposure to potential criminal sanctions or civil remedies if the company fails to comply with foreign and u.s. laws and regulations that are applicable in the jurisdictions in which the company operates, including sanctions laws, anti-corruption laws, and local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to government officials; the impact of mergers, acquisitions or other business combinations and the ability of the company to successfully integrate acquired businesses; currency and foreign exchange volatility; the level of future cash flows; the levels of capital investments; and a decline in the demand for credit risk management tools by financial institutions. other factors, risks and uncertainties relating to our acquisition of bureau van dijk could cause our actual results to differ, perhaps materially, from those indicated by these forward-looking statements, including risks relating to the integration of bureau van dijk’s operations, products and employees into moody’s and the possibility that anticipated synergies and other benefits of the acquisition will not be realized in the amounts anticipated or will not be realized within the expected timeframe; risks that the acquisition could have an adverse effect on the business of bureau van dijk or its prospects, including, without limitation, on relationships with vendors, suppliers or customers; claims made, from time to time, by vendors, suppliers or customers; changes in the european or global marketplaces that have an adverse effect on the business of bureau van dijk. these factors, risks and uncertainties as well as other risks and uncertainties that could cause moody’s actual results to differ materially from those contemplated, expressed, projected, anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements are described in greater detail under “risk factors” in part i, item 1a of the company’s annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017, and in other filings made by the company from time to time with the sec or in materials incorporated herein or therein. stockholders and investors are cautioned that the occurrence of any of these factors, risks and uncertainties may cause the company’s actual results to differ materially from those contemplated, expressed, projected, anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements, which could have a material and adverse effect on the company’s business, results of operations and financial condition. new factors may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for the company to predict new factors, nor can the company assess the potential effect of any new factors on it.
