item 1a.   risk factors.

m&t and its subsidiaries could be adversely impacted by a number of risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict.  as a financial institution certain risk elements are inherent in the ordinary course of the company's business activities and adverse experience with those risks could have a material impact on the company's business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as on the values of the company's financial instruments and m&t's common stock.  the company has developed a risk management process to identify, understand, mitigate and balance its exposure to significant risks. the following risk factors set forth some of the risks that could materially and adversely impact the company, although there may be additional risks that are not presently material or known that may adversely affect the company.
market risk weakness in the economy has adversely affected the company in the past and may adversely affect the company in the future.
poor business and economic conditions in general or specifically in markets served by the company could have one or more of the following adverse effects on the company's business:
•   a decrease in the demand for loans and other products and services offered by the company.

•   a decrease in net interest income derived from the company's lending and deposit gathering activities.

•   a decrease in the value of the company's investment securities, loans held for sale or other assets secured by residential or commercial real estate.

•   other-than-temporary impairment of investment securities in the company's investment securities portfolio.

•   a decrease in fees from the company's brokerage and trust businesses associated with declines or lack of growth in stock market prices.

•   potential higher fdic assessments due to the dif falling below minimum required levels.

•   an impairment of certain intangible assets, such as goodwill.

•   an increase in the number of customers and counterparties who become delinquent, file for protection under bankruptcy laws or default on their loans or other obligations to the company. an increase in the number of delinquencies, bankruptcies or defaults could result in higher levels of nonperforming assets, net charge-offs, provision for credit losses and valuation adjustments on loans held for sale.

the company's business and financial performance is impacted significantly by market interest rates and movements in those rates. the monetary, tax and other policies of governmental agencies, including the federal reserve, have a significant impact on interest rates and overall financial market performance over which the company has no control and which the company may not be able to anticipate adequately.
as a result of the high percentage of the company's assets and liabilities that are in the form of interest-bearing or interest-related instruments, changes in interest rates, in the shape of the yield curve or in spreads between different market interest rates, can have a material effect on the company's business and profitability and the value of the company's assets and liabilities. for example:
•   changes in interest rates or interest rate spreads can affect the difference between the

27
interest that the company earns on assets and the interest that the company pays on liabilities, which impacts the company's overall net interest income and profitability.

•   such changes can affect the ability of borrowers to meet obligations under variable or adjustable rate loans and other debt instruments, and can, in turn, affect the company's loss rates on those assets.

•   such changes may decrease the demand for interest rate based products and services, including loans and deposits.

•   such changes can also affect the company's ability to hedge various forms of market and interest rate risk and may decrease the profitability or protection or increase the risk or cost associated with such hedges.

•   movements in interest rates also affect mortgage prepayment speeds and could result in the impairment of capitalized mortgage servicing assets, reduce the value of loans held for sale and increase the volatility of mortgage banking revenues, potentially adversely affecting the company's results of operations.

the monetary, tax and other policies of the government and its agencies, including the federal reserve, have a significant impact on interest rates and overall financial market performance. these governmental policies can thus affect the activities and results of operations of banking companies such as the company. an important function of the federal reserve is to regulate the national supply of bank credit and certain interest rates. the actions of the federal reserve influence the rates of interest that the company charges on loans and that the company pays on borrowings and interest-bearing deposits and can also affect the value of the company's on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet financial instruments. also, due to the impact on rates for short-term funding, the federal reserve's policies also influence, to a significant extent, the company's cost of such funding. in addition, the company is routinely subject to examinations from various governmental taxing authorities. such examinations may result in challenges to the tax return treatment applied by the company to specific transactions. management believes that the assumptions and judgment used to record tax-related assets or liabilities have been appropriate. should tax laws change or the tax authorities determine that management's assumptions were inappropriate, the result and adjustments required could have a material effect on the company's results of operations. in december 2017, president trump signed into law the tax cuts and jobs act which is one of the most significant overhauls to the united states federal tax code since 1986 and could have a significant impact on domestic and international tax consequences. m&t cannot predict the nature or timing of future changes in monetary, tax and other policies or the effect that they may have on the company's business activities, financial condition and results of operations.
the company's business and performance is vulnerable to the impact of volatility in debt and equity markets.
as most of the company's assets and liabilities are financial in nature, the company's performance tends to be sensitive to the performance of the financial markets. turmoil and volatility in u.s. and global financial markets can be a major contributory factor to overall weak economic conditions, leading to some of the risks discussed herein, including the impaired ability of borrowers and other counterparties to meet obligations to the company. financial market volatility also can have some of the following adverse effects on the company and its business, including adversely affecting the company's financial condition and results of operations:
•   it can affect the value or liquidity of the company's on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet financial instruments.

28
•   it can affect the value of capitalized servicing assets.

•   it can affect m&amp;t's ability to access capital markets to raise funds. inability to access capital markets if needed, at cost effective rates, could adversely affect the company's liquidity and results of operations.

•   it can affect the value of the assets that the company manages or otherwise administers or services for others. although the company is not directly impacted by changes in the value of such assets, decreases in the value of those assets would affect related fee income and could result in decreased demand for the company's services.

•   in general, it can impact the nature, profitability or risk profile of the financial transactions in which the company engages.

volatility in the markets for real estate and other assets commonly securing financial products has been and may continue to be a significant contributor to overall volatility in financial markets.
the company's regional concentrations expose it to adverse economic conditions in its primary retail banking office footprint.
the company's core banking business is largely concentrated within the company's retail banking office network footprint, located principally in new york, maryland, new jersey, pennsylvania, delaware, connecticut, virginia, west virginia and the district of columbia. therefore, the company is, or in the future may be, particularly vulnerable to adverse changes in economic conditions in the northeast and mid-atlantic regions.
risks relating to compliance and the regulatory environment the company is subject to extensive government regulation and supervision and this regulatory environment can be and has been significantly impacted by financial regulatory reform initiatives.
the company is subject to extensive federal and state regulation and supervision. banking regulations are primarily intended to protect depositors' funds, federal deposit insurance funds and the financial system as a whole, not stockholders. these regulations and supervisory guidance affect the company's lending practices, capital structure, amounts of capital, investment practices, dividend policy, growth and expansionary activity, among other things. failure to comply with laws, regulations, policies or supervisory guidance could result in civil or criminal penalties, including monetary penalties, the loss of fdic insurance, the revocation of a banking charter, other sanctions by regulatory agencies, and/or reputation damage, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition and results of operations. in this regard, government authorities, including the bank regulatory agencies, can pursue aggressive enforcement actions with respect to compliance and other legal matters involving financial activities, which heightens the risks associated with actual and perceived compliance failures and may also adversely affect the company's ability to enter into certain transactions or engage in certain activities, or obtain necessary regulatory approvals in connection therewith.
the u.s. government and others have undertaken major reforms of the regulatory oversight structure of the financial services industry. m&t has been subject to increased regulation of its industry as a result of certain and possible future initiatives. m&t continues to expect scrutiny in the examination process and more aggressive enforcement of regulations on both the federal and state levels. compliance with new regulations and supervisory initiatives could increase the company's costs, reduce its revenue and/or limit its ability to pursue certain desirable business opportunities.
29
any new regulatory requirements or changes to existing requirements could require changes to the company's businesses, result in increased compliance costs and affect the profitability of such businesses. additionally, such activity could affect the behaviors of third parties with which the company deals in the ordinary course of business, such as rating agencies, insurance companies and investors. heightened regulatory practices, requirements or expectations could affect the company in substantial and unpredictable ways, and, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition and results of operations.
capital and liquidity standards adopted by the u.s. banking regulators have resulted in banks and bank holding companies needing to maintain more and higher quality capital and greater liquidity than has historically been the case.
capital standards imposed as a result of the dodd-frank act and the u.s. basel iii-based capital rules have had a significant effect on banks and bank holding companies, including m&t. the u.s. capital rules require bank holding companies and their bank subsidiaries to maintain substantially more capital, with a greater emphasis on common equity. for additional information, see "capital requirements" under part i, item 1 "business."
the requirement to maintain more and higher quality capital, as well as greater liquidity than historically has been required, and generally increased regulatory scrutiny with respect to capital and liquidity levels, could limit the company's business activities, including lending, and its ability to expand, either organically or through acquisitions. it could also result in m&t being required to take steps to increase its regulatory capital that may be dilutive to shareholders or limit its ability to pay dividends or otherwise return capital to shareholders, or sell or refrain from acquiring assets, the capital requirements for which are not justified by the assets' underlying risks.
in addition, the u.s. basel iii-based liquidity coverage ratio requirement and the liquidity-related provisions of the federal reserve's liquidity-related enhanced prudential supervision requirements adopted pursuant to section 165 of the dodd-frank act require the company to hold increased levels of unencumbered highly liquid investments, thereby reducing the company's ability to invest in other longer-term assets even if deemed more desirable from a balance sheet management perspective. moreover, u.s. federal banking agencies have been taking into account expectations regarding the ability of banks to meet these requirements, including under stressed conditions, in approving actions that represent uses of capital, such as dividend increases, common stock share repurchases and acquisitions.
m&t's ability to return capital to shareholders and to pay dividends on common stock may be adversely affected by market and other factors outside of its control and will depend, in part, on a review of its capital plan by the federal reserve.
any decision by m&t to return capital to shareholders, whether through a common stock dividend or through a common stock share repurchase program, requires the approval of m&t's board of directors and depends in large part on receiving regulatory approval, including through the federal reserve's ccar process and the supervisory stress tests required under the dodd-frank act whereby m&t's financial position is tested under assumed severely adverse economic conditions. prior to the public disclosure of a bhc's ccar results, the federal reserve will provide the bhc with the results of its supervisory stress test and will offer a one-time opportunity for the bhc to reduce planned capital distributions through the submission of a revised capital plan. the federal reserve may object to any capital plan in which a bhc's regulatory capital ratios inclusive of adjustments to planned capital distributions, if any, would not meet the minimum requirements throughout a nine-quarter period under severely adverse stress conditions. in january 2017, the
30
federal reserve finalized a rule modifying the capital plan and stress testing rules for the 2017 cycle. the rule eliminated the qualitative component of ccar for bank holding companies with total consolidated assets between $50 billion and $250 billion, such as m&t. the qualitative assessment considered factors including the comprehensiveness of a bhc's capital plan, the assumptions and analysis underlying the plan, and the extent to which the bhc had satisfied certain supervisory matters related to its processes, analyses, controls and governance. the federal reserve will continue to evaluate these factors through the regular supervisory process and targeted horizontal reviews of particular aspects of capital planning. if the federal reserve objects to m&t's capital plan, it could impose restrictions on m&t's ability to return capital to shareholders, including through paying dividends, entering into acquisitions or repurchasing its common stock, which in turn could negatively impact market and investor perceptions of m&t. in june 2017, the federal reserve announced that it did not object to m&t's capital plan; however, m&t cannot be certain that the federal reserve will not object to future capital plans submitted through the ccar program.
in addition, federal reserve capital planning and stress testing rules generally limit a bhc's ability to make quarterly capital distributions - dividends and common stock share repurchases - if the amount of actual cumulative quarterly capital issuances of instruments that qualify as regulatory capital are less than the bhc had indicated in its submitted capital plan as to which it received a non-objection from the federal reserve. under these rules, for example, if a bhc issued a smaller amount of additional common stock than it had stated in its capital plan, it would be required to reduce common dividends and/or the amount of common stock repurchases so that the dollar amount of capital distributions, net of the dollar amount of additional common stock issued ("net distributions"), is no greater than the dollar amount of net distributions relating to its common stock included in its capital plan, as measured on an aggregate basis beginning in the third quarter of the nine-quarter planning horizon through the end of the then current quarter. as such, m&t's ability to declare and pay dividends on its common stock, as well as the amount of such dividends, will depend, in part, on its ability to issue stock in accordance with its capital plan or to otherwise remain in compliance with its capital plan, which may be adversely affected by market and other factors outside of m&t's control.
the effect of resolution plan requirements may have a material adverse impact on m&t.
bank holding companies with consolidated assets of $50 billion or more, such as m&t, are required to report periodically to regulators a resolution plan for their rapid and orderly resolution in the event of material financial distress or failure. m&t's resolution plan must, among other things, ensure that its depository institution subsidiaries are adequately protected from risks arising from its other subsidiaries. the regulation adopted by the federal reserve and fdic prescribes specific standards for the resolution plans, including requiring a strategic analysis of the plan's components, a description of the range of specific actions the company proposes to take in resolution, and a description of the company's organizational structure, material entities, core business lines, interconnections and interdependencies, and management information systems, among other elements. the most recent resolution plan for m&t was filed in december 2017. in addition, insured depository institutions with $50 billion or more in total assets, such as m&t bank, are required to submit to the fdic periodic plans for resolution in the event of the institution's failure.  m&t bank submitted its most recent resolution plan in december 2015, as required. the next resolution plan for m&t bank is required to be filed by july 1, 2018.
to address effectively any shortcomings in the company's resolution plan, the federal reserve and the fdic could require the company to change its business structure or dispose of businesses, which could have a material adverse effect on its liquidity and ability to pay dividends on its stock or interest and principal on its debt.
31
if an orderly liquidation of a systemically important bhc or non-bank financial company were triggered, m&t could face assessments for the orderly liquidation fund ("olf").
the dodd-frank act creates a mechanism, the olf, for liquidation of systemically important bank holding companies and non-bank financial companies. the olf is administered by the fdic and is based on the fdic's bank resolution model. the secretary of the u.s. treasury may trigger a liquidation under this authority after consultation with the president of the u.s. and after receiving a recommendation from the boards of the fdic and the federal reserve upon a two-thirds vote. liquidation proceedings will be funded by the olf, which will borrow from the u.s. treasury and impose risk-based assessments on covered financial companies. risk-based assessments would be first made on entities that received more in the resolution than they would have received in the liquidation to the extent of such excess, and second, if necessary, on, among others, bank holding companies with total consolidated assets of $50 billion or more, such as m&t. any such assessments may adversely affect the company's business, financial condition or results of operations.
credit risk deteriorating credit quality could adversely impact the company.
as a lender, the company is exposed to the risk that customers will be unable to repay their loans in accordance with the terms of the agreements, and that any collateral securing the loans may be insufficient to assure full repayment. credit losses are inherent in the business of making loans.
factors that influence the company's credit loss experience include overall economic conditions affecting businesses and consumers, generally, but also residential and commercial real estate valuations, in particular, given the size of the company's real estate loan portfolios. factors that can influence the company's credit loss experience include: (i) the impact of residential real estate values on loans to residential real estate builders and developers and other loans secured by residential real estate; (ii) the concentrations of commercial real estate loans in the company's loan portfolio; (iii) the amount of commercial and industrial loans to businesses in areas of new york state outside of the new york city area and in central pennsylvania that have historically experienced less economic growth and vitality than many other regions of the country; (iv) the repayment performance associated with first and second lien loans secured by residential real estate; and (v) the size of the company's portfolio of loans to individual consumers, which historically have experienced higher net charge-offs as a percentage of loans outstanding than loans to other types of borrowers.
commercial real estate valuations can be highly subjective as they are based upon many assumptions. such valuations can be significantly affected over relatively short periods of time by changes in business climate, economic conditions, interest rates and, in many cases, the results of operations of businesses and other occupants of the real property. similarly, residential real estate valuations can be impacted by housing trends, the availability of financing at reasonable interest rates, governmental policy regarding housing and housing finance, and general economic conditions affecting consumers.
the company maintains an allowance for credit losses which represents, in management's judgment, the amount of losses inherent in the loan and lease portfolio. the allowance is determined by management's evaluation of the loan and lease portfolio based on such factors as the differing economic risks associated with each loan category, the current financial condition of specific borrowers, the economic environment in which borrowers operate, the level of delinquent loans, the value of any collateral and, where applicable, the existence of any guarantees or indemnifications.
32
the effects of probable decreases in expected principal cash flows on loans acquired at a discount are also considered in the establishment of the allowance for credit losses.
management believes that the allowance for credit losses appropriately reflects credit losses inherent in the loan and lease portfolio. however, there is no assurance that the allowance will be sufficient to cover such credit losses, particularly if housing and employment conditions worsen or the economy experiences a downturn. in those cases, the company may be required to increase the allowance through an increase in the provision for credit losses, which would reduce net income.
the company may be adversely affected by the soundness of other financial institutions.
financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty, or other relationships.  the company has exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and routinely executes transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including commercial banks, brokers and dealers, investment banks, and other institutional clients. many of these transactions expose the company to credit risk in the event of a default by a counterparty or client. in addition, the company's credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral held by the company cannot be realized or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the credit or derivative exposure due to the company. any such losses could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition and results of operations.
liquidity risk the company must maintain adequate sources of funding and liquidity.
the company must maintain adequate funding sources in the normal course of business to support its operations and fund outstanding liabilities, as well as meet regulatory expectations. the company primarily relies on deposits to be a low cost and stable source of funding for the loans it makes and the operations of its business. core customer deposits, which include noninterest-bearing deposits, interest-bearing transaction accounts, savings deposits and time deposits of $250,000 or less, have historically provided the company with a sizeable source of relatively stable and low-cost funds. in addition to customer deposits, sources of liquidity include borrowings from third party banks, securities dealers, various federal home loan banks and the federal reserve bank of new york.
the company's liquidity and ability to fund and operate the business could be materially adversely affected by a variety of conditions and factors, including financial and credit market disruptions and volatility or a lack of market or customer confidence in financial markets in general, which may result in a loss of customer deposits or outflows of cash or collateral and/or ability to access capital markets on favorable terms. other conditions and factors that could materially adversely affect the company's liquidity and funding include a lack of market or customer confidence in, or negative news about, the company or the financial services industry generally which also may result in a loss of deposits and/or negatively affect the ability to access the capital markets; the loss of customer deposits to alternative investments; inability to sell or securitize loans or other assets; and downgrades in one or more of the company's credit ratings. a downgrade in the company's credit ratings, which could result from general industry-wide or regulatory factors not solely related to the company, could adversely affect the company's ability to borrow funds and raise the cost of borrowings substantially and could cause creditors and business counterparties to raise collateral requirements or take other actions that could adversely affect m&t's ability to raise capital. many of the above conditions and factors may be caused by events over which m&t has little or no control. there can be no assurance that significant disruption and volatility in the financial markets will not occur in the future.
33
recent regulatory changes relating to liquidity and risk management have also impacted the company's results of operations and competitive position. these regulations address, among other matters, liquidity stress testing, minimum liquidity requirements and restrictions on short-term debt issued by top-tier holding companies.
if the company is unable to continue to fund assets through customer bank deposits or access funding sources on favorable terms or if the company suffers an increase in borrowing costs or otherwise fails to manage liquidity effectively, the company's liquidity, operating margins, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected.
m&t relies on dividends from its subsidiaries for its liquidity.
m&t is a separate and distinct legal entity from its subsidiaries. m&t typically receives substantially all of its revenue from subsidiary dividends. these dividends are the principal source of funds to pay dividends on m&t stock and interest and principal on its debt. various federal and/or state laws and regulations, as well as regulatory expectations, limit the amount of dividends that m&t's banking subsidiaries and certain non-bank subsidiaries may pay. regulatory scrutiny of capital levels at bank holding companies and insured depository institution subsidiaries has increased in recent years and has resulted in increased regulatory focus on all aspects of capital planning, including dividends and other distributions to shareholders of banks, such as parent bank holding companies. see "item 1. business - distributions" for a discussion of regulatory and other restrictions on dividend declarations. also, m&t's right to participate in a distribution of assets upon a subsidiary's liquidation or reorganization is subject to the prior claims of that subsidiary's creditors. limitations on m&t's ability to receive dividends from its subsidiaries could have a material adverse effect on its liquidity and ability to pay dividends on its stock or interest and principal on its debt.
strategic risk the financial services industry is highly competitive and creates competitive pressures that could adversely affect the company's revenue and profitability.
the financial services industry in which the company operates is highly competitive. the company competes not only with commercial and other banks and thrifts, but also with insurance companies, mutual funds, hedge funds, securities brokerage firms and other companies offering financial services in the u.s., globally and over the internet. some of the company's non-bank competitors are not subject to the same extensive regulations the company and its subsidiaries are, and may have greater flexibility in competing for business. in particular, the activity and prominence of so-called marketplace lenders and other technological financial services companies have grown significantly in recent years and is expected to continue growing.  the company competes on the basis of several factors, including capital, access to capital, revenue generation, products, services, transaction execution, innovation, reputation and price. over time, certain sectors of the financial services industry have become more concentrated, as institutions involved in a broad range of financial services have been acquired by or merged into other firms. these developments could result in the company's competitors gaining greater capital and other resources, such as a broader range of products and services and geographic diversity. the company may experience pricing pressures as a result of these factors and as some of its competitors seek to increase market share by reducing prices or paying higher rates of interest on deposits. finally, technological change is influencing how individuals and firms conduct their financial affairs and changing the delivery channels for financial
34
services, with the result that the company may have to contend with a broader range of competitors including many that are not located within the geographic footprint of its banking office network.
operational risk the company is subject to operational risk which could adversely affect the company's business and reputation and create material legal and financial exposure.
like all businesses, the company is subject to operational risk, which represents the risk of loss resulting from human error, inadequate or failed internal processes and systems, and external events. operational risk also encompasses reputational risk and compliance and legal risk, which is the risk of loss from violations of, or noncompliance with, laws, rules, regulations, prescribed practices or ethical standards, as well as the risk of noncompliance with contractual and other obligations. the company is also exposed to operational risk through outsourcing arrangements, and the effect that changes in circumstances or capabilities of its outsourcing vendors can have on the company's ability to continue to perform operational functions necessary to its business. in addition, along with other participants in the financial services industry, the company frequently attempts to introduce new technology-driven products and services that are aimed at allowing the company to better serve customers and to reduce costs. the company may not be able to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services that allow it to remain competitive or be successful in marketing these products and services to its customers. although the company seeks to mitigate operational risk through a system of internal controls that are reviewed and updated, no system of controls, however well designed and maintained, is infallible. control weaknesses or failures or other operational risks could result in charges, increased operational costs, harm to the company's reputation or foregone business opportunities.
changes in accounting standards could impact the company's financial condition and results of operations.
the accounting standard setters, including the financial accounting standards board ("fasb"), the sec and other regulatory bodies, periodically change the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of the company's consolidated financial statements. these changes can be difficult to predict and can materially impact how the company records and reports its financial condition and results of operations. in some cases, the company could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, which would result in the restating of the company's prior period financial statements.
m&t's accounting policies and processes are critical to the reporting of the company's financial condition and results of operations. they require management to make estimates about matters that are uncertain.
accounting policies and processes are fundamental to the company's reported financial condition and results of operations. some of these policies require use of estimates and assumptions that may affect the reported amounts of assets or liabilities and financial results. several of m&t's accounting policies are critical because they require management to make difficult, subjective and complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain and because it is likely that materially different amounts would be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. pursuant to generally accepted accounting principles, management is required to make certain assumptions and estimates in preparing the company's financial statements. if assumptions or estimates underlying the company's financial statements are incorrect, the company may experience material losses.
35
management has identified certain accounting policies as being critical because they require management's judgment to ascertain the valuations of assets, liabilities, commitments and contingencies. a variety of factors could affect the ultimate value that is obtained either when earning income, recognizing an expense, recovering an asset, valuing an asset or liability, or recognizing or reducing a liability. m&t has established detailed policies and control procedures that are intended to ensure these critical accounting estimates and judgments are well controlled and applied consistently. in addition, the policies and procedures are intended to ensure that the process for changing methodologies occurs in an appropriate manner. because of the uncertainty surrounding judgments and the estimates pertaining to these matters, m&t could be required to adjust accounting policies or restate prior period financial statements if those judgments and estimates prove to be incorrect. for additional information, see part ii, item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, "critical accounting estimates" and note 1, "significant accounting policies," of notes to financial statements in part ii, item 8.
difficulties in combining the operations of acquired entities with the company's own operations may prevent m&t from achieving the expected benefits from its acquisitions.
m&t has expanded its business through past acquisitions and may do so in the future. inherent uncertainties exist when integrating the operations of an acquired entity. m&t may not be able to fully achieve its strategic objectives and planned operating efficiencies in an acquisition. in addition, the markets and industries in which the company and its actual or potential acquisition targets operate are highly competitive. the company may lose customers or fail to retain the customers of acquired entities as a result of an acquisition. acquisition and integration activities require m&t to devote substantial time and resources, and as a result m&t may not be able to pursue other business opportunities while integrating acquired entities with the company.
after completing an acquisition, the company may not realize the expected benefits of the acquisition due to lower financial results pertaining to the acquired entity. for example, the company could experience higher credit losses, incur higher operating expenses or realize less revenue than originally anticipated related to an acquired entity.
m&t could suffer if it fails to attract and retain skilled personnel.
m&t's success depends, in large part, on its ability to attract and retain key individuals and to have a diverse workforce. competition for qualified and diverse candidates in the activities and markets that the company serves is significant and the company may not be able to hire candidates and retain them. growth in the company's business, including through acquisitions, may increase its need for additional qualified personnel. if the company is not able to hire or retain these type of individuals, it may be unable to execute its business strategies and may suffer adverse consequences to its business, financial condition and results of operations.
the federal banking agencies have issued joint guidance on executive compensation designed to help ensure that a banking organization's incentive compensation policies do not encourage imprudent risk taking and are consistent with the safety and soundness of the organization. in addition, the dodd-frank act required those agencies, along with the sec, to adopt rules to require reporting of incentive compensation and to prohibit certain compensation arrangements. if as a result of complying with such rules the company is unable to attract and retain qualified employees, or do so at rates necessary to maintain its competitive position, or if the compensation costs required to attract and retain employees become more significant, the company's performance, including its competitive position, could be materially adversely affected.
36
severe weather, natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism and other external events could significantly impact the company's business.
severe weather, natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism and other adverse external events could have a significant impact on the company's ability to conduct business. such events could affect the stability of the company's deposit base, impair the ability of borrowers to repay outstanding loans, impair the value of collateral securing loans, cause significant property damage, result in loss of revenue and/or cause the company to incur additional expenses. although the company has established disaster recovery plans and procedures, and monitors for significant environmental effects on its properties or its investments, the occurrence of any such event could have a material adverse effect on the company.
the company's information systems may experience interruptions or breaches in security.
the company relies heavily on communications and information systems to conduct its business. any failure, interruption or breach in security of these systems could result in disruptions to its accounting, deposit, loan and other systems, and adversely affect the company's customer relationships. while the company has policies and procedures designed to prevent or limit the effect of these possible events, there can be no assurance that any such failure, interruption or security breach will not occur or, if any does occur, that it can be sufficiently or timely remediated.
information security risks for large financial institutions such as m&t have increased significantly in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, such as internet and mobile banking to conduct financial transactions, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists, nation-states, activists and other external parties.  there have been increasing efforts on the part of third parties, including through cyber attacks, to breach data security at financial institutions or with respect to financial transactions. there have been several instances involving financial services and consumer-based companies reporting unauthorized access to and disclosure of client or customer information or the destruction or theft of corporate data, including by executive impersonation and third party vendors. there have also been several highly publicized cases where hackers have requested "ransom" payments in exchange for not disclosing customer information.
as cyber threats continue to evolve, the company may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance its layers of defense or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities. the techniques used by cyber criminals change frequently, may not be recognized until launched and can be initiated from a variety of sources, including terrorist organizations and hostile foreign governments. these actors may attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers or other users of the company's systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to data or the company's systems. these risks may increase as the use of mobile payment and other internet-based applications expands.
the occurrence of any failure, interruption or security breach of the company's systems, particularly if widespread or resulting in financial losses to customers, could damage the company's reputation, result in a loss of customer business, subject it to additional regulatory scrutiny and potential sanctions, or expose it to civil litigation and financial liability.
the company is or may become involved from time to time in suits, legal proceedings, information-gathering requests, investigations and proceedings by governmental and self-regulatory agencies that may lead to adverse consequences.
many aspects of the company's business and operations involve substantial risk of legal liability. m&t and/or its subsidiaries have been named or threatened to be named as defendants in various lawsuits arising from its or its subsidiaries' business activities (and in some cases from the activities
37
of companies m&t has acquired). in addition, from time to time, m&t is, or may become, the subject of governmental and self-regulatory agency information-gathering requests, reviews, investigations and proceedings and other forms of regulatory inquiry, including by bank and other regulatory agencies, the sec and law enforcement authorities. the sec has announced a policy of seeking admissions of liability in certain settled cases, which could adversely impact the defense of private litigation. m&t is also at risk when it has agreed to indemnify others for losses related to legal proceedings, including for litigation and governmental investigations and inquiries, such as in connection with the purchase or sale of a business or assets. the results of such proceedings could lead to significant civil or criminal penalties, including monetary penalties, damages, adverse judgments, settlements, fines, injunctions, restrictions on the way in which the company conducts its business, or reputational harm.
although the company establishes accruals for legal proceedings when information related to the loss contingencies represented by those matters indicates both that a loss is probable and that the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated, the company does not have accruals for all legal proceedings where it faces a risk of loss. in addition, due to the inherent subjectivity of the assessments and unpredictability of the outcome of legal proceedings, amounts accrued may not represent the ultimate loss to the company from the legal proceedings in question. thus, the company's ultimate losses may be higher, and possibly significantly so, than the amounts accrued for legal loss contingencies, which could adversely affect the company's financial condition and results of operations.
m&t relies on other companies to provide key components of the company's business infrastructure.
third parties provide key components of the company's business infrastructure such as banking services, processing, and internet connections and network access. any disruption in such services provided by these third parties or any failure of these third parties to handle current or higher volumes of use could adversely affect the company's ability to deliver products and services to clients and otherwise to conduct business. technological or financial difficulties of a third party service provider could adversely affect the company's business to the extent those difficulties result in the interruption or discontinuation of services provided by that party. the company may not be insured against all types of losses as a result of third party failures and insurance coverage may be inadequate to cover all losses resulting from system failures or other disruptions. failures in the company's business infrastructure could interrupt the operations or increase the costs of doing business.
discussions of the specific risks outlined above and other risks facing the company are included within this annual report on form 10-k in part i, item 1 "business," and part ii, item 7 "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations." furthermore, in part ii, item 7 under the heading "forward-looking statements" is included a description of certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions identified by management that are difficult to predict and that could materially affect the company's financial condition and results of operations, as well as the value of the company's financial instruments in general, and m&t common stock, in particular.
in addition, the market price of m&t common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to a number of other factors, including changes in securities analysts' estimates of financial performance, volatility of stock market prices and volumes, rumors or erroneous information, changes in market valuations of similar companies and changes in accounting policies or procedures as may be required by the fasb or other regulatory agencies.
38
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.

corporate profile m&t bank corporation ("m&t") is a bank holding company headquartered in buffalo, new york with consolidated assets of $118.6 billion at december 31, 2017. the consolidated financial information presented herein reflects m&t and all of its subsidiaries, which are referred to collectively as "the company." m&t's wholly owned bank subsidiaries are manufacturers and traders trust company ("m&t bank") and wilmington trust, national association ("wilmington trust, n.a.").
m&t bank, with total assets of $118.1 billion at december 31, 2017, is a new york-chartered commercial bank with 780 domestic banking offices in new york state, maryland, new jersey, pennsylvania, delaware, connecticut, virginia, west virginia and the district of columbia, a full-service commercial banking office in ontario, canada, and an office in the cayman islands. m&t
45
bank and its subsidiaries offer a broad range of financial services to a diverse base of consumers, businesses, professional clients, governmental entities and financial institutions located in their markets. lending is largely focused on consumers residing in the states noted above and on small and medium size businesses based in those areas, although loans are originated through offices in other states and in ontario, canada. certain lending activities are also conducted in other states through various subsidiaries. trust and other fiduciary services are offered by m&t bank and through its wholly owned subsidiary, wilmington trust company. other subsidiaries of m&t bank include: m&t real estate trust, a commercial mortgage lender; m&t realty capital corporation, a multifamily commercial mortgage lender; m&t securities, inc., which provides brokerage, investment advisory and insurance services; wilmington trust investment advisors, inc., which serves as an investment advisor to the wilmington funds, a family of proprietary mutual funds, and other funds and institutional clients; and m&t insurance agency, inc., an insurance agency.
wilmington trust, n.a. is a national bank with total assets of $5.0 billion at december 31, 2017. wilmington trust, n.a. and its subsidiaries offer various trust and wealth management services.  wilmington trust, n.a. also offered selected deposit and loan products on a nationwide basis, largely through telephone, internet and direct mail marketing techniques.
on november 1, 2015, m&t completed its acquisition of hudson city bancorp, inc. ("hudson city"). immediately following completion of the merger, hudson city savings bank merged with and into m&t bank. pursuant to the merger agreement, m&t paid cash consideration of $2.1 billion and issued 25,953,950 shares of m&t common stock in exchange for hudson city shares outstanding at the time of acquisition that added $3.1 billion to m&t's common shareholders' equity.  assets acquired totaled approximately $36.7 billion, including $19.0 billion of loans (predominantly residential real estate loans) and $7.9 billion of investment securities. liabilities assumed aggregated $31.5 billion, including $17.9 billion of deposits and $13.2 billion of borrowings. immediately following the acquisition, the company restructured its balance sheet by selling $5.8 billion of investment securities obtained in the acquisition and repaying $10.6 billion of borrowings assumed in the transaction.
critical accounting estimates the company's significant accounting policies conform with generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") and are described in note 1 of notes to financial statements. in applying those accounting policies, management of the company is required to exercise judgment in determining many of the methodologies, assumptions and estimates to be utilized. certain of the critical accounting estimates are more dependent on such judgment and in some cases may contribute to volatility in the company's reported financial performance should the assumptions and estimates used change over time due to changes in circumstances. some of the more significant areas in which management of the company applies critical assumptions and estimates include the following:
•   accounting for credit losses - the allowance for credit losses represents the amount that in management's judgment appropriately reflects credit losses inherent in the loan and lease portfolio as of the balance sheet date. a provision for credit losses is recorded to adjust the level of the allowance as deemed necessary by management. in estimating losses inherent in the loan and lease portfolio, assumptions and judgment are applied to measure amounts and timing of expected future cash flows, collateral values and other factors used to determine the borrowers' abilities to repay obligations. historical loss trends are also considered, as are economic conditions, industry trends, portfolio trends and borrower-specific financial data. in accounting for loans acquired at a discount that is, in part, attributable to credit quality which are initially recorded at fair value with no carry-over of an acquired entity's previously established allowance for credit losses, the cash flows expected at acquisition in excess of estimated fair value are recognized as interest income over the remaining lives of the loans. subsequent decreases in the expected

46
principal cash flows require the company to evaluate the need for additions to the company's allowance for credit losses. subsequent improvements in expected cash flows result first in the recovery of any applicable allowance for credit losses and then in the recognition of additional interest income over the remaining lives of the loans. changes in the circumstances considered when determining management's estimates and assumptions could result in changes in those estimates and assumptions, which may result in adjustment of the allowance or, in the case of loans acquired at a discount, increases in interest income in future periods. a detailed discussion of facts and circumstances considered by management in determining the allowance for credit losses is included herein under the heading "provision for credit losses" and in note 5 of notes to financial statements.

•   valuation methodologies - management of the company applies various valuation methodologies to assets and liabilities which often involve a significant degree of judgment, particularly when liquid markets do not exist for the particular items being valued. quoted market prices are referred to when estimating fair values for certain assets, such as trading assets, most investment securities, and residential real estate loans held for sale and related commitments. however, for those items for which an observable liquid market does not exist, management utilizes significant estimates and assumptions to value such items. examples of these items include loans, deposits, borrowings, goodwill, core deposit and other intangible assets, other assets and liabilities obtained or assumed in business combinations, capitalized servicing assets, pension and other postretirement benefit obligations, estimated residual values of property associated with leases, and certain derivative and other financial instruments. these valuations require the use of various assumptions, including, among others, discount rates, rates of return on assets, repayment rates, cash flows, default rates, costs of servicing and liquidation values. the use of different assumptions could produce significantly different results, which could have material positive or negative effects on the company's results of operations, financial condition or disclosures of fair value information. in addition to valuation, the company must assess whether there are any declines in value below the carrying value of assets that should be considered other than temporary or otherwise require an adjustment in carrying value and recognition of a loss in the consolidated statement of income. examples include investment securities, other investments, loan servicing rights, goodwill and core deposit and other intangible assets, among others. specific assumptions and estimates utilized by management are discussed in detail herein in management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations and in notes 1, 3, 4, 7, 8, 12, 18, 19 and 20 of notes to financial statements.

•   commitments, contingencies and off-balance sheet arrangements - information regarding the company's commitments and contingencies, including guarantees and contingent liabilities arising from litigation, and their potential effects on the company's results of operations is included in note 21 of notes to financial statements. in addition, the company is routinely subject to examinations from various governmental taxing authorities. such examinations may result in challenges to the tax return treatment applied by the company to specific transactions. management believes that the assumptions and judgment used to record tax-related assets or liabilities have been appropriate. should tax laws change or the tax authorities determine that management's assumptions were inappropriate, the result and adjustments required could have a material effect on the company's results of operations. information regarding the company's income taxes is presented in note 13 of notes to financial statements. the recognition or de-recognition in the company's consolidated financial statements of assets and liabilities held by so-called variable interest entities is subject to the interpretation and application of complex

47
accounting pronouncements or interpretations that require management to estimate and assess the relative significance of the company's financial interests in those entities and the degree to which the company can influence the most important activities of the entities. information relating to the company's involvement in such entities and the accounting treatment afforded each such involvement is included in note 19 of notes to financial statements.

overview net income for the company during 2017 was $1.41 billion or $8.70 of diluted earnings per common share, up 7% and 12%, respectively, from $1.32 billion or $7.78 of diluted earnings per common share in 2016. basic earnings per common share also increased 12% to $8.72 in 2017 from $7.80 in 2016. net income in 2015 totaled $1.08 billion, while diluted and basic earnings per common share were $7.18 and $7.22, respectively. expressed as a rate of return on average assets, net income in 2017 was 1.17%, compared with 1.06% in each of 2016 and 2015. the return on average common shareholders' equity was 8.87% in 2017, 8.16% in 2016 and 8.32% in 2015.
the enactment of the tax cuts and jobs act ("tax act") on december 22, 2017 reduced the corporate federal income tax rate from 35% to 21% effective january 1, 2018 and made other changes to u.s. corporate income tax laws.  gaap requires that the impact of the provisions of the tax act be accounted for in the period of enactment.  accordingly, the incremental income tax expense recorded by the company in the fourth quarter of 2017 related to the tax act was $85 million, representing $.56 of diluted earnings per common share.  the additional expense was largely attributable to the reduction in carrying value of net deferred tax assets reflecting lower future tax benefits resulting from the lower corporate tax rate.
during the fourth quarter of 2017, the company realized after-tax gains from investment securities of $14 million ($21 million pre-tax) that added $.09 to diluted earnings per common share. gains from investment securities increased the company's net income in 2016 by $18 million ($30 million pre-tax), representing $.12 of diluted earnings per common share.  there were no significant gains or losses on investment securities in 2015.
the company increased its contribution to the m&t charitable foundation by $44 million in the final 2017 quarter, bringing total charitable contributions for all of 2017 to $50 million, thereby reducing net income by $30 million, or $.20 of diluted earnings per common share.  charitable contributions were $30 million in 2016 and $46 million in 2015.  after applicable tax effect, those contributions equated to $.12 and $.20 per diluted common share in 2016 and 2015, respectively.
on october 9, 2017, wilmington trust corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of m&t, reached an agreement with the u.s. attorney's office for the district of delaware related to alleged conduct that took place between 2009 and 2010 prior to the acquisition of wilmington trust corporation by m&t.  under the terms of that agreement, wilmington trust corporation was required to pay $60 million and settled the government's claims.  the settlement amount included $16 million previously paid to the u.s. securities and exchange commission in a related action.  the result was a payment of $44 million that is not deductible for income tax purposes.  wilmington trust corporation did not admit any liability.
as of september 30, 2017, the company increased the reserve for legal matters by $50 million.  that increase, coupled with the non-deductible nature of the $44 million payment, reduced net income in 2017 by $48 million, or $.31 of diluted earnings per common share.
the hudson city transaction was accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting and, accordingly, the results of operations acquired in such transaction have been included in the company's financial results for the final two months of 2015 and for all of 2016 and 2017. the acquired operations added to the company's average earning assets, net interest income and non-interest expenses. net acquisition and integration-related expenses (included herein as merger-related
48
expenses) associated with the hudson city acquisition totaled $22 million after-tax effect, or $.14 of diluted earnings per common share during 2016 and $61 million after-tax effect, or $.44 of diluted earnings per common share in 2015. there were no merger-related expenses in 2017.
taxable-equivalent net interest income increased 9% to $3.82 billion in 2017 from $3.50 billion in 2016. that improvement resulted from a widening of the net interest margin, or taxable-equivalent net interest income expressed as a percentage of average earning assets, from 3.11% in 2016 to 3.47% in 2017. partially offsetting the impact of the widened net interest margin was a 2% decline in average earning assets to $110.0 billion in 2017 from $112.6 billion in 2016. taxable-equivalent net interest income in 2016 was 22% higher than $2.87 billion in 2015 due predominantly to a $21.4 billion increase in average earning assets. that increase reflected higher average balances of loans and leases of $17.8 billion, principally due to the full-year impact of the hudson city acquisition, and interest-bearing deposits at banks of $3.1 billion. offsetting the impact of higher earning assets was a three basis point (hundredths of one percent) narrowing of the net interest margin from 3.14% in 2015. lower yields on investment securities and an increase in rates on interest-bearing deposits, reflecting the impact of time deposits in the former hudson city markets, led to that narrowing.
the provision for credit losses decreased 12% to $168 million in 2017 from $190 million in 2016. the provision in 2015 of $170 million reflected $21 million, as provided for by gaap, for incurred credit losses in connection with the $18.3 billion of loans acquired in the hudson city transaction at a premium that were not individually identifiable as impaired at the acquisition date. net charge-offs were $140 million in 2017, $157 million in 2016 and $134 million in 2015. net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans and leases were .16% in 2017, .18% in 2016 and .19% in 2015.
other income totaled $1.85 billion in 2017, compared with $1.83 billion in each of 2016 and 2015. comparing 2017 with 2016, higher trust income and service charges on deposit accounts were partially offset by a decline in residential mortgage banking revenues and lower gains on investment securities. during 2016, higher gains recognized on sales of investment securities and increased trading account and foreign exchange gains as compared with 2015 were offset by a $45 million gain in 2015 on the sale of the company's trade processing business.
other expense increased 3% to $3.14 billion in 2017 from $3.05 billion in 2016. other expense in 2015 totaled $2.82 billion. included in those amounts are expenses considered by m&t to be "nonoperating" in nature, consisting of amortization of core deposit and other intangible assets of $31 million, $43 million and $26 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and merger-related expenses of $36 million and $76 million in 2016 and 2015, respectively. exclusive of those nonoperating expenses, noninterest operating expenses aggregated $3.11 billion in 2017, compared with $2.97 billion in 2016 and $2.72 billion in 2015. the increase in such expenses in 2017 as compared with 2016 was largely due to higher costs for salaries and employee benefits, professional services and charitable contributions, and increases to the reserve for legal matters. the increase in noninterest operating expenses in 2016 as compared with 2015 reflects the full-year impact of the hudson city acquisition and higher costs for salaries and employee benefits and fdic assessments.
the efficiency ratio measures the relationship of operating expenses to revenues. the company's efficiency ratio, or noninterest operating expenses (as previously defined) divided by the sum of taxable-equivalent net interest income and noninterest income (exclusive of gains and losses from bank investment securities), was 55.1% in 2017, compared with 56.1% and 58.0% in 2016 and 2015, respectively. the calculations of the efficiency ratio are presented in table 2.
in 2017, in addition to the impact of the tax act already noted, m&t adopted new accounting guidance for share-based transactions.  that guidance requires that all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies associated with share-based compensation be recognized in income tax expense in the income statement.  previously, tax effects resulting from changes in m&t's share price subsequent to the grant date were recorded through shareholders' equity at the time of vesting or exercise.  the
49
adoption of the amended accounting guidance resulted in a $22 million reduction of income tax expense in 2017, or $.15 of diluted earnings per common share.
on june 28, 2017, m&t announced that the federal reserve did not object to m&t's proposed 2017 capital plan.  that capital plan includes provisions for the repurchase of up to $900 million of common shares during the four-quarter period starting on july 1, 2017, an increase in the quarterly common stock dividend in the second quarter of 2018 of up to $.05 per share to $.80 per share, and the issuance of subordinated capital notes in the third quarter of 2017 of $500 million.  m&t may continue to pay dividends and interest on equity and debt instruments included in regulatory capital, including preferred stock, trust preferred securities and subordinated debt, consistent with the contractual terms of those instruments.  dividends are subject to declaration by m&t's board of directors.  in july 2017, m&t's board of directors authorized a new stock repurchase program to repurchase up to $900 million of shares of m&t's common stock subject to all applicable regulatory limitations, including those set forth in m&t's 2017 capital plan. in accordance with m&t's 2017 capital plan, m&t repurchased 2,726,102 shares of its common stock during the last six months of 2017 at a cost of $449 million and issued $500 million of subordinated capital notes during 2017's third quarter.   in accordance with m&t's revised 2016 capital plan, during the first half of 2017, m&t repurchased 4,643,003 shares of its common stock at a total cost of $757 million, and during the first quarter of 2017 m&t increased the quarterly common stock dividend from $.70 to $.75 per share. in the aggregate, m&t repurchased 7,369,105 shares of its common stock during 2017 at a cost of $1.21 billion.
on february 5, 2018, m&t received notice of non-objection from the federal reserve to repurchase an additional $745 million of shares of its common stock by june 30, 2018.  this amount is in addition to the previously announced $900 million of common stock authorized for repurchase under m&t's 2017 capital plan and its current stock repurchase program.  the additional repurchases of up to $745 million will be made under the terms of a new stock repurchase program approved by m&t's board of directors on february 21, 2018.
on july 25, 2017, the federal reserve bank of new york terminated its written agreement with m&t and its principal bank subsidiary, m&t bank, that had been entered into in june 2013.  under the terms of that agreement, m&t and m&t bank implemented an enhanced compliance risk management program designed to ensure compliance with the bank secrecy act and anti-money-laundering laws and regulations ("bsa/aml") and took other steps to enhance their compliance practices.
50
table 1
earnings summary dollars in millions increase (decrease)(a)                                                                                                                                                                                                    compound growth rate

2016 to 2017                                2015 to 2016                                                                                                                                                                      5 years amount                    %                  amount                   %                                               2017                 2016                 2015                 2014                 2013                          2012 to 2017
$279.6                    7                  $727.5                  23       interest income(b)                                $4,202.4             $3,922.8             $3,195.3             $2,980.5             $2,982.3           7     %
(39.2    )              (9    )               97.7                  30       interest expense                                     386.8                426.0                328.3                280.4                284.1           2
318.8                    9                   629.8                  22       net interest income(b)                             3,815.6              3,496.8              2,867.0              2,700.1              2,698.2           8
(22.0    )             (12    )               20.0                  12       less: provision for credit losses                    168.0                190.0                170.0                124.0                185.0          (4     )
(9.0    )             (30    )   30.3                               -       gain on bank investment securities(c)                 21.3                 30.3                    -                    -                 46.7           -
34.2                    2                   (29.4    )             (2   )   other income                                       1,829.9              1,795.7              1,825.1              1,779.3              1,818.5           1
less:
27.1                    2                    74.1                   5       salaries and employee benefits                     1,650.7              1,623.6              1,549.5              1,405.0              1,355.2           5
65.8                    5                   150.4                  12       other expense                                      1,489.6              1,423.8              1,273.4              1,284.5              1,232.7           5
273.1                   13                   386.2                  23       income before income taxes                         2,358.5              2,085.4              1,699.2              1,665.9              1,790.5           8
less:
7.6                   28                     2.5                  10       taxable-equivalent adjustment(b)                      34.6                 27.0                 24.5                 23.7                 25.0           6
172.3                   23                   148.3                  25       income taxes                                         915.6                743.3                595.0                576.0                627.0          10
$93.2                    7                  $235.4                  22       net income                                        $1,408.3             $1,315.1             $1,079.7             $1,066.2             $1,138.5           6     %
(a)   changes were calculated from unrounded amounts.

(b)   interest income data are on a taxable-equivalent basis. the taxable-equivalent adjustment represents additional income taxes that would be due if all interest income were subject to income taxes. this adjustment, which is related to interest received on qualified municipal securities, industrial revenue financings and preferred equity securities, is based on a composite income tax rate of approximately 39%.

(c)   includes other-than-temporary impairment losses, if any.

supplemental reporting of non-gaap results of operations as a result of business combinations and other acquisitions, the company had intangible assets consisting of goodwill and core deposit and other intangible assets totaling $4.7 billion at each of december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015. included in such intangible assets was goodwill of $4.6 billion at each of those dates. amortization of core deposit and other intangible assets, after-tax effect, totaled $19 million, $26 million and $16 million during 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
m&t consistently provides supplemental reporting of its results on a "net operating" or "tangible" basis, from which m&t excludes the after-tax effect of amortization of core deposit and other intangible assets (and the related goodwill, core deposit intangible and other intangible asset balances, net of applicable deferred tax amounts) and gains and expenses associated with merging acquired operations into the company, since such items are considered by management to be "nonoperating" in nature. those merger-related expenses generally consist of professional services and other temporary help fees associated with the actual or planned conversion of systems and/or integration of operations; costs related to branch and office consolidations; costs related to termination of existing contractual arrangements to purchase various services; initial marketing and promotion expenses designed to introduce m&t bank to its new customers; severance; incentive compensation costs; travel costs; and printing, supplies and other costs of completing the transactions and commencing operations in new markets and offices. those expenses totaled $36 million ($22 million after-tax) in 2016 and $76 million ($48 million after-tax) in 2015. also considered as a merger-related expense in 2015 was a provision for credit losses of $21 million. gaap provides that an allowance for credit losses associated with probable incurred losses on loans acquired at a
51
premium be recognized. given the recognition of such losses above and beyond the impact of forecasted losses used in determining the fair value of acquired loans, the company considered that provision to be a merger-related expense. there were no merger-related expenses in 2017. although "net operating income" as defined by m&t is not a gaap measure, m&t's management believes that this information helps investors understand the effect of acquisition activity in reported results.
net operating income was $1.43 billion in 2017, compared with $1.36 billion in 2016 and $1.16 billion in 2015. diluted net operating earnings per common share were $8.82 in 2017, $8.08 in 2016 and $7.74 in 2015.
net operating income expressed as a rate of return on average tangible assets was 1.23% in 2017, compared with 1.14% in 2016 and 1.18% in 2015. net operating income represented a return on average tangible common equity of 13.00% in 2017 and 2015, compared with 12.25% in 2016.
reconciliations of gaap amounts with corresponding non-gaap amounts are presented in table 2.
52
table 2
reconciliation of gaap to non-gaap measures
2017                        2016                        2015

income statement data dollars in thousands, except per share net income net income                                                                   $1,408,306                  $1,315,114                  $1,079,667
amortization of core deposit and other intangible assets(a)                      19,025                      25,893                      16,150
merger-related expenses(a)                                                            -                      21,685                      60,820
net operating income                                                         $1,427,331                  $1,362,692                  $1,156,637
earnings per common share diluted earnings per common share                                                 $8.70                       $7.78                       $7.18
amortization of core deposit and other intangible assets(a)                         .12                         .16                         .12
merger-related expenses(a)                                                            -                         .14                         .44
diluted net operating earnings per common share                                   $8.82                       $8.08                       $7.74
other expense other expense                                                                $3,140,325                  $3,047,485                  $2,822,932
amortization of core deposit and other intangible assets                        (31,366   )                 (42,613   )                 (26,424   )
merger-related expenses                                                               -                     (35,755   )                 (75,976   )
noninterest operating expense                                                $3,108,959                  $2,969,117                  $2,720,532
merger-related expenses salaries and employee benefits                                                       $-                      $5,334                     $51,287
equipment and net occupancy                                                           -                       1,278                           3
outside data processing and software                                                  -                       1,067                         785
advertising and marketing                                                             -                      10,522                          79
printing, postage and supplies                                                        -                       1,482                         504
other costs of operations                                                             -                      16,072                      23,318
other expense                                                                         -                      35,755                      75,976
provision for credit losses                                                           -                           -                      21,000
total                                                                                $-                     $35,755                     $96,976
efficiency ratio noninterest operating expense (numerator)                                    $3,108,959                  $2,969,117                  $2,720,532
taxable-equivalent net interest income                                        3,815,614                   3,496,849                   2,867,050
other income                                                                  1,851,143                   1,825,996                   1,825,037
less: gain (loss) on bank investment securities                                  21,279                      30,314                        (130   )
denominator                                                                  $5,645,478                  $5,292,531                  $4,692,217
efficiency ratio                                                                  55.07   %                   56.10   %                   57.98   %
balance sheet data in millions average assets average assets                                                                 $120,860                    $124,340                    $101,780
goodwill                                                                         (4,593   )                  (4,593   )                  (3,694   )
core deposit and other intangible assets                                            (86   )                    (117   )                     (45   )
deferred taxes                                                                       33                          46                          16
average tangible assets                                                        $116,214                    $119,676                     $98,057
average common equity average total equity                                                            $16,295                     $16,419                     $13,228
preferred stock                                                                  (1,232   )                  (1,297   )                  (1,232   )
average common equity                                                            15,063                      15,122                      11,996
goodwill                                                                         (4,593   )                  (4,593   )                  (3,694   )
core deposit and other intangible assets                                            (86   )                    (117   )                     (45   )
deferred taxes                                                                       33                          46                          16
average tangible common equity                                                  $10,417                     $10,458                      $8,273
at end of year total assets total assets                                                                   $118,593                    $123,449                    $122,788
goodwill                                                                         (4,593   )                  (4,593   )                  (4,593   )
core deposit and other intangible assets                                            (72   )                     (98   )                    (140   )
deferred taxes                                                                       19                          39                          54
total tangible assets                                                          $113,947                    $118,797                    $118,109
total common equity total equity                                                                    $16,251                     $16,487                     $16,173
preferred stock                                                                  (1,232   )                  (1,232   )                  (1,232   )
undeclared dividends - cumulative preferred stock                                    (3   )                      (3   )                      (2   )
common equity, net of undeclared cumulative preferred dividends                  15,016                      15,252                      14,939
goodwill                                                                         (4,593   )                  (4,593   )                  (4,593   )
core deposit and other intangible assets                                            (72   )                     (98   )                    (140   )
deferred taxes                                                                       19                          39                          54
total tangible common equity                                                    $10,370                     $10,600                     $10,260
(a)   after any related tax effect.

53
net interest income/lending and funding activities net interest income expressed on a taxable-equivalent basis aggregated $3.82 billion in 2017, up 9% from $3.50 billion in 2016.   that growth resulted from a widening of the net interest margin to 3.47% in 2017 from 3.11% in 2016. the improvement in the net interest margin was predominantly the result of higher yields on loans due to the higher interest rate environment in 2017.  the federal reserve raised its target federal funds rate by .25% in december 2016 and by the same increment in each of march, june and december 2017. partially offsetting the favorable impact of higher interest rates was a $2.6 billion, or 2%, decline in average earning assets to $110.0 billion in 2017 from $112.6 billion in 2016 that reflected lower interest-bearing deposits at banks.
average loans and leases increased to $88.8 billion in 2017 from $88.6 billion in 2016.
average balances of commercial loans and leases increased $584 million or 3% to $22.0 billion in 2017 from $21.4 billion in 2016. average commercial real estate loans increased $2.3 billion or 7% in 2017 to $33.2 billion from $30.9 billion in 2016. consumer loans averaged $12.6 billion in 2017, up $784 million or 7% from $11.8 billion in 2016 due to growth in recreational vehicle and automobile loans. average residential real estate loans declined $3.5 billion or 14% to $21.0 billion in 2017 from $24.5 billion in 2016, predominantly due to ongoing repayments of loans obtained in the acquisition of hudson city.
taxable-equivalent net interest income in 2016 increased 22% from $2.87 billion in 2015. that growth was predominantly attributable to higher average earning assets in 2016, partially offset by a three basis point narrowing of the net interest margin in 2016 from 3.14% in 2015. average earning assets rose $21.4 billion or 23% to $112.6 billion in 2016, reflecting higher average loans and leases.  the higher level of average earning assets reflected the full-year impact of assets obtained in the acquisition of hudson city on november 1, 2015. the narrowing of the margin reflected higher rates paid on interest-bearing deposits, including the impact of time deposits in the former hudson city markets.
average loans and leases rose $17.8 billion or 25% in 2016 from $70.8 billion in 2015.  the most significant factors contributing to that increase were the residential real estate loans obtained in the hudson city acquisition and growth in the commercial real estate loan and commercial loan and lease portfolios.  reflecting average balances of loans obtained in the hudson city transaction of $16.3 billion in 2016 and $3.1 billion in 2015, average residential real estate loans increased $13.0 billion to $24.5 billion in 2016 from $11.5 billion in the previous year.  average commercial loans and leases increased $1.5 billion or 8% to $21.4 billion in 2016 from $19.9 billion in 2015.  commercial real estate loan average balances in 2016 were up $2.6 billion or 9% from $28.3 billion in 2015.  average consumer loans rose $638 million or 6% in 2016 from $11.2 billion in the prior year, predominantly due to growth in average automobile loan balances.
54
55
table 3
average balance sheets and taxable-equivalent rates
2017                                                                   2016                                                                   2015                                                                   2014                                                                  2013

average                    interest             average                 average                   interest             average                 average                   interest             average                average                   interest             average                average                   interest             average balance                                            rate                 balance                                           rate                 balance                                           rate                balance                                           rate                balance                                           rate
(average balance in millions of dollars; interest in thousands of dollars)
assets earning assets loans and leases, net of unearned discount(a)
commercial, financial, etc.                               $21,981                    $853,389                3.88   %              21,397                    736,240                3.44   %              19,899                    638,199                3.21   %             18,867                    624,487                3.31   %             17,736                    628,154                3.54   %
real estate - commercial                                   33,196                   1,481,427                4.40                  30,915                  1,277,196                4.06                  28,276                  1,193,271                4.16                 26,461                  1,142,939                4.26                 26,083                  1,198,400                4.53
real estate - consumer                                     21,013                     832,574                3.96                  24,463                    958,521                3.92                  11,458                    468,790                4.09                  8,719                    368,632                4.23                 10,136                    418,095                4.12
consumer                                                   12,625                     608,253                4.82                  11,841                    538,144                4.54                  11,203                    499,650                4.46                 10,618                    480,877                4.53                 11,098                    510,962                4.60
total loans and leases, net                                88,815                   3,775,643                4.25                  88,616                  3,510,101                3.96                  70,836                  2,799,910                3.95                 64,665                  2,616,935                4.05                 65,053                  2,755,611                4.24
interest-bearing deposits at banks                          5,578                      61,326                1.10                   8,846                     45,516                 .51                   5,775                     15,252                 .26                  5,342                     13,361                 .25                  2,139                      5,201                 .24
federal funds sold and agreements to resell                     -                           6                1.56                       -                          3                 .86                      34                         35                 .10                     89                         64                 .07                    128                        114                 .09
securities trading account                                                71                       1,202                1.70                      85                      1,442                1.71                      86                      1,247                1.44                     76                      1,381                1.81                     78                      1,482                1.91
investment securities(b)
u.s. treasury and federal agencies                         14,701                     336,446                2.29                  14,025                    332,926                2.37                  13,514                    336,873                2.49                 10,543                    304,178                2.88                  5,123                    165,879                3.24
obligations of states and political                            43                       1,951                4.62                      90                      3,839                4.24                     143                      6,391                4.46                    166                      8,115                4.89                    194                      9,999                5.15
subdivisions other                                                         794                      25,791                3.25                     894                     29,006                3.24                     799                     35,599                4.45                    800                     36,485                4.56                  1,298                     44,019                3.39
total investment securities                                15,538                     364,188                2.34                  15,009                    365,771                2.44                  14,456                    378,863                2.62                 11,509                    348,778                3.03                  6,615                    219,897                3.32
total earning assets                                      110,002                   4,202,365                3.82                 112,556                  3,922,833                3.49                  91,187                  3,195,307                3.50                 81,681                  2,980,519                3.65                 74,013                  2,982,305                4.03
allowance for credit losses                                (1,012   )                                                                (976   )                                                               (935   )                                                              (923   )                                                              (932   )
cash and due from banks                                     1,295                                                                   1,273                                                                  1,242                                                                 1,277                                                                 1,380
other assets                                               10,575                                                                  11,487                                                                 10,286                                                                10,108                                                                 9,201
total assets                                             $120,860                                                                 124,340                                                                101,780                                                                92,143                                                                83,662
liabilities and shareholders' equity interest-bearing liabilities interest-bearing deposits savings and interest-checking deposits                    $53,399                     133,177                 .25                  52,194                     87,704                 .17                  43,885                     46,140                 .11                 41,508                     46,869                 .11                 37,662                     56,235                 .15
time deposits                                               8,161                      61,505                 .75                  12,253                    102,841                 .84                   4,641                     27,059                 .58                  3,290                     15,515                 .47                  4,045                     26,439                 .65
deposits at cayman islands office                             185                       1,186                 .64                     199                        797                 .40                     216                        615                 .28                    327                        699                 .21                    496                      1,018                 .21
total interest-bearing deposits                            61,745                     195,868                 .32                  64,646                    191,342                 .30                  48,742                     73,814                 .15                 45,125                     63,083                 .14                 42,203                     83,692                 .20
short-term borrowings                                         205                       1,511                 .74                     894                      3,625                 .41                     548                      1,677                 .31                    215                        101                 .05                    390                        430                 .11
long-term borrowings                                        8,302                     189,372                2.28                  10,252                    231,017                2.25                  10,217                    252,766                2.47                  7,492                    217,247                2.90                  4,941                    199,983                4.05
total interest-bearing liabilities                         70,252                     386,751                 .55                  75,792                    425,984                 .56                  59,507                    328,257                 .55                 52,832                    280,431                 .53                 47,534                    284,105                 .60
noninterest-bearing deposits                               32,520                                                                  30,160                                                                 27,324                                                                25,715                                                                23,721
other liabilities                                           1,793                                                                   1,969                                                                  1,721                                                                 1,499                                                                 1,685
total liabilities                                         104,565                                                                 107,921                                                                 88,552                                                                80,046                                                                72,940
shareholders' equity                                       16,295                                                                  16,419                                                                 13,228                                                                12,097                                                                10,722
total liabilities and shareholders' equity               $120,860                                                                 124,340                                                                101,780                                                                92,143                                                                83,662
net interest spread                                                                                          3.27                                                                   2.93                                                                   2.95                                                                  3.12                                                                  3.43
contribution of interest-free funds                                                                           .20                                                                    .18                                                                    .19                                                                   .19                                                                   .22
net interest income/margin on earning assets                                       $3,815,614                3.47   %                                      3,496,849                3.11   %                                      2,867,050                3.14   %                                     2,700,088                3.31   %                                     2,698,200                3.65   %
(a)   includes nonaccrual loans.

(b)   includes available-for-sale investment securities at amortized cost.

table 4 summarizes average loans and leases outstanding in 2017 and percentage changes in the major components of the portfolio over the past two years.
table 4
average loans and leases
(net of unearned discount)
percent increase

(decrease) from
2017                     2016 to 2017                2015 to 2016
(in millions)
commercial, financial, etc.               $21,981                 3        %                  8       %
real estate - commercial                   33,196                 7                           9
real estate - consumer                     21,013               (14   )                     114
consumer automobile                                  3,256                19                          24
home equity lines and loans                 5,455                (6   )                      (2   )
other                                       3,914                18                           8
total consumer                             12,625                 7                           6
total                                     $88,815                 -        %                 25       %
commercial loans and leases, excluding loans secured by real estate, totaled $21.7 billion at december 31, 2017, representing 25% of total loans and leases. table 5 presents information on commercial loans and leases as of december 31, 2017 relating to geographic area, size, borrower industry and whether the loans are secured by collateral or unsecured. of the $21.7 billion of commercial loans and leases outstanding at the end of 2017, approximately $19.4 billion, or 89%, were secured, while 39%, 24% and 23% were granted to businesses in new york state, pennsylvania and the mid-atlantic area (which includes delaware, maryland, new jersey, virginia, west virginia and the district of columbia), respectively. the company provides financing for leases to commercial customers, primarily for equipment. commercial leases included in total commercial loans and leases at december 31, 2017 aggregated $1.3 billion, of which 47% were secured by collateral located in new york state, 18% were secured by collateral in pennsylvania and another 14% were secured by collateral in the mid-atlantic area.
56
table 5
commercial loans and leases, net of unearned discount
(excludes loans secured by real estate)
december 31, 2017
mid-                                                                                 percent of

new york                     pennsylvania                  atlantic(a)                     other                      total                        total
(dollars in millions)
automobile dealerships                          $1,700                        $876                            $534                         $925                       $4,035                        19   %
services                                         1,288                         702                           1,238                          232                        3,460                        16
manufacturing                                    1,597                         889                             477                          489                        3,452                        16
wholesale                                          794                         569                             477                          171                        2,011                         9
financial and insurance                            647                         322                             316                          322                        1,607                         7
health services                                    605                         222                             647                          133                        1,607                         7
transportation, communications,                    389                         365                             365                          277                        1,396                         6
utilities real estate investors                              622                         226                             268                          102                        1,218                         6
retail                                             257                         349                             281                          176                        1,063                         5
construction                                       364                         280                             287                           61                          992                         5
public administration                              156                          67                              35                            -                          258                         1
agriculture, forestry, fishing, etc.                26                          73                              51                            -                          150                         1
other                                              136                         188                             107                           63                          494                         2
total                                           $8,581                      $5,128                          $5,083                       $2,951                      $21,743                       100   %
percent of total                                    39   %                      24    %                         23    %                      14   %                      100   %
percent of dollars outstanding secured                                             82   %                      83    %                         86    %                      84   %                       83   %
unsecured                                           11                          13                              10                            7                           11
leases                                               7                           4                               4                            9                            6
total                                              100   %                     100    %                        100    %                     100   %                      100   %
percent of dollars outstanding by size of loan less than $1 million                                24   %                      19    %                         26    %                      10   %                       21   %
$1 million to $5 million                            24                          23                              21                           23                           23
$5 million to $10 million                           15                          21                              16                           17                           17
$10 million to $20 million                          18                          20                              15                           16                           17
$20 million to $30 million                           8                          12                              10                           17                           11
$30 million to $50 million                           6                           5                               5                            2                            5
greater than $50 million                             5                           -                               7                           15                            6
total                                              100   %                     100    %                        100    %                     100   %                      100   %
(a)   includes delaware, maryland, new jersey, virginia, west virginia and the district of columbia.

international loans included in commercial loans and leases totaled $77 million and $228 million at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. included in such loans were $54 million and $95 million, respectively, of loans at m&t bank's commercial banking office in ontario, canada. the remaining international loans are predominantly to domestic companies with foreign operations.
loans secured by real estate, including outstanding balances of home equity loans and lines of credit which the company classifies as consumer loans, represented approximately 67% of the loan
57
and lease portfolio during 2017, compared with 69% and 64% in 2016 and 2015, respectively. at december 31, 2017, the company held approximately $33.4 billion of commercial real estate loans, $19.6 billion of consumer real estate loans secured by one-to-four family residential properties (including $356 million of loans originated for sale) and $5.3 billion of outstanding balances of home equity loans and lines of credit, compared with $33.5 billion, $22.6 billion and $5.6 billion, respectively, at december 31, 2016. the decrease in residential real estate loans reflects pay downs of loans obtained in the hudson city acquisition. included in commercial real estate loans at december 31, 2017 and 2016 were construction loans of $8.1 billion and $8.0 billion, respectively, including amounts due from builders and developers of residential real estate aggregating $1.6 billion and $1.9 billion at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. commercial real estate loans also included loans held for sale totaling $22 million and $643 million at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
commercial real estate loans originated by the company include fixed rate instruments with monthly payments and a balloon payment of the remaining unpaid principal at maturity, in many cases five years after origination. for borrowers in good standing, the terms of such loans may be extended by the customer for an additional five years at the then-current market rate of interest. the company also originates fixed rate commercial real estate loans with maturities of greater than five years, generally having original maturity terms of approximately seven to ten years, and adjustable-rate commercial real estate loans. adjustable-rate commercial real estate loans represented approximately 75% of the commercial real estate loan portfolio at the 2017 year-end. table 6 presents commercial real estate loans by geographic area, type of collateral and size of the loans outstanding at december 31, 2017. new york city area commercial real estate loans totaled $8.9 billion at december 31, 2017. the $8.1 billion of investor-owned commercial real estate loans in the new york city area were largely secured by multifamily residential properties, retail space and office space. the company's experience has been that office, retail and service-related properties tend to demonstrate more volatile fluctuations in value through economic cycles and changing economic conditions than do multifamily residential properties. approximately 33% of the aggregate dollar amount of new york city area loans were for loans with outstanding balances of $10 million or less, while loans of more than $50 million made up approximately 20% of the total.
58
table 6
commercial real estate loans, net of unearned discount december 31, 2017
new york state

new york                                                   penn-                        mid-                                                                                       percent of city                          other                        sylvania                     atlantic(a)                     other                        total                         total
(dollars in millions)
investor-owned permanent finance by property type office                                       $1,622                          $947                         $493                        $1,380                           $414                        $4,856                        15   %
retail/service                                1,380                           601                          385                           994                            576                         3,936                        12
apartments/multifamily                        1,378                           756                          405                           603                            459                         3,601                        11
hotel                                           789                           350                          295                           712                            327                         2,473                         7
health facilities                               465                           492                          334                           704                            399                         2,394                         7
industrial/warehouse                            339                           206                          306                           261                            359                         1,471                         4
other                                           170                            33                           12                            23                             13                           251                         1
total permanent                               6,143                         3,385                        2,230                         4,677                          2,547                        18,982                        57   %
construction/development commercial construction                                  1,169                           642                          599                         1,814                          1,166                         5,390                        16   %
land/land development                           358                            33                           46                           209                             72                           718                         2
residential builder and developer construction                                    367                            10                           48                           219                            429                         1,073                         3
land/land development                            21                            18                           38                           206                            276                           559                         2
total construction/                           1,915                           703                          731                         2,448                          1,943                         7,740                        23   %
development total investor-owned                          8,058                         4,088                        2,961                         7,125                          4,490                        26,722                        80   %
owner-occupied by industry(b)
other services                                  166                           401                          223                           613                             32                         1,435                         4   %
retail                                          106                           177                          277                           396                            162                         1,118                         3
automobile dealerships                          176                           191                          210                           170                            179                           926                         3
health services                                 134                           303                          153                           216                             24                           830                         2
wholesale                                        60                            77                          134                           302                             96                           669                         2
manufacturing                                    87                           211                          132                           147                             38                           615                         2
real estate investors                            34                            31                           28                            52                              2                           147                         -
other                                            99                           181                          272                           347                              5                           904                         3
total owner-occupied                            862                         1,572                        1,429                         2,243                            538                         6,644                        20   %
total commercial real estate                 $8,920                        $5,660                       $4,390                        $9,368                         $5,028                       $33,366                       100   %
percent of total                                 27   %                        17   %                       13   %                        28    %                        15   %                       100   %
percent of dollars outstanding by size of loan less than $1 million                              3   %                        16   %                       14   %                        10    %                        10   %                        10   %
$1 million to $5 million                         16                            29                           25                            20                             15                            20
$5 million to $10 million                        14                            19                           19                            16                             15                            16
$10 million to $30 million                       32                            29                           28                            29                             37                            31
$30 million to $50 million                       15                             7                           10                            16                             16                            13
$50 million to $100 million                      18                             -                            4                             9                              7                             9
greater than $100 million                         2                             -                            -                             -                              -                             1
total                                           100   %                       100   %                      100   %                       100    %                       100   %                       100   %
(a)   includes delaware, maryland, new jersey, virginia, west virginia and the district of columbia.

(b)   includes $337 million of construction loans.

59
commercial real estate loans secured by properties located in other parts of new york state, pennsylvania and the mid-atlantic area tend to have a greater diversity of collateral types and include a significant amount of lending to customers who use the mortgaged property in their trade or business (owner-occupied). approximately 64% of the aggregate dollar amount of commercial real estate loans in new york state secured by properties located outside of the new york city area were for loans with outstanding balances of $10 million or less. of the outstanding balances of commercial real estate loans in pennsylvania and the mid-atlantic area, approximately 58% and 46%, respectively, were for loans with outstanding balances of $10 million or less.
commercial real estate loans secured by properties located outside of pennsylvania, the mid-atlantic area and new york state comprised 15% of total commercial real estate loans as of december 31, 2017.
commercial real estate construction and development loans made to investors presented in table 6 totaled $7.7 billion at december 31, 2017, or 9% of total loans and leases. approximately 99% of those construction loans had adjustable interest rates. included in such loans at the 2017 year-end were $1.6 billion of loans to builders and developers of residential real estate properties.  the remainder of the commercial real estate construction loan portfolio was comprised of loans made for various purposes, including the construction of office buildings, multifamily residential housing, retail space and other commercial development.
m&t realty capital corporation, a commercial real estate lending subsidiary of m&t bank, participates in the delegated underwriting and servicing ("dus") program of fannie mae, pursuant to which commercial real estate loans are originated in accordance with terms and conditions specified by fannie mae and sold. under this program, loans are sold with partial credit recourse to m&t realty capital corporation. the amount of recourse is generally limited to one-third of any credit loss incurred by the purchaser on an individual loan, although in some cases the recourse amount is less than one-third of the outstanding principal balance. the company's maximum credit risk for recourse associated with sold commercial real estate loans was approximately $3.3 billion and $2.8 billion at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. there have been no material losses incurred as a result of those recourse arrangements. commercial real estate loans held for sale at december 31, 2017 and 2016 aggregated $22 million and $643 million, respectively. at december 31, 2017 and 2016, commercial real estate loans serviced by the company for other investors were $16.2 billion and $11.8 billion, respectively. those serviced loans are not included in the company's consolidated balance sheet. in january 2017, m&t realty capital corporation began sub-servicing a commercial mortgage loan portfolio and obtained other assets increasing loans serviced for others by $2.7 billion. the assets acquired were not material to the company's consolidated financial position.
real estate loans secured by one-to-four family residential properties were $19.6 billion at december 31, 2017, including approximately 35% secured by properties located in new york state, 8% secured by properties located in pennsylvania, 28% secured by properties in new jersey and 11% secured by properties located in other mid-atlantic areas. the company's portfolio of alternative ("alt-a") residential real estate loans (referred to as "limited documentation loans") held for investment decreased by $571 million to $3.0 billion at december 31, 2017 from $3.6 billion at december 31, 2016. a portfolio of limited documentation loans acquired with the hudson city transaction totaled $2.8 billion and $3.3 billion at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. alt-a loans represent loans that at origination typically included some form of limited borrower documentation requirements as compared with more traditional residential real estate loans. hudson city loans that were eligible for limited documentation processing were available in amounts up to 65% of the lower of the appraised value or purchase price of the property. hudson city discontinued its limited documentation loan program in january 2014. loans in the company's alt-a portfolio prior to the hudson city transaction were originated by the company prior to 2008. loans to
60
individuals to finance the construction of one-to-four family residential properties totaled $22 million at december 31, 2017 and $21 million at december 31, 2016, or less than .1% of total loans and leases at each of those dates. information about the credit performance of the company's residential real estate loans is included herein under the heading "provision for credit losses."
consumer loans comprised approximately 15% and 13% of total loans and leases at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. outstanding balances of home equity loans and lines of credit represent the largest component of the consumer loan portfolio. such balances represented approximately 6% of total loans and leases at each of december 31, 2017 and december 31, 2016. approximately 40% of home equity loans and lines of credit outstanding at december 31, 2017 were secured by properties in new york state, 25% in maryland, 21% in pennsylvania and 3% in new jersey. outstanding automobile loan balances rose to $3.5 billion at december 31, 2017 from $2.9 billion at december 31, 2016. that increase reflects continued consumer demand for motor vehicles.
table 7 presents the composition of the company's loan and lease portfolio at the end of 2017, including outstanding balances to businesses and consumers in new york state, pennsylvania, the mid-atlantic area and other states.
table 7
loans and leases, net of unearned discount december 31, 2017
percent of dollars outstanding

mid-atlantic new                  penn-                                         new outstandings   york                 sylvania               maryland               jersey                 other(a)               other
(in millions)
real estate residential                           $19,613         35   %                 8   %                  6   %                 28   %                  5   %                 18   %
commercial                             33,366         44                    13                     12                      6                     10                     15
total real estate                      52,979         41   %                11   %                 10   %                 14   %                  8   %                 16   %
commercial, financial, etc.            20,463         39   %                24   %                 12   %                  6   %                  6   %                 13   %
consumer home equity lines and loans             5,294         40   %                21   %                 25   %                  3   %                 10   %                  1   %
automobile                              3,544         26                    19                      9                      7                     13                     26
other secured or guaranteed             3,581         18                     9                      6                      6                      7                     54
other unsecured                           848         40                    21                     24                      2                     10                      3
total consumer                         13,267         30   %                17   %                 16   %                  5   %                 10   %                 22   %
total loans                            86,709         39   %                15   %                 11   %                 11   %                  8   %                 16   %
commercial leases                       1,280         47   %                18   %                  9   %                  3   %                  2   %                 21   %
total loans and leases                $87,989         38   %                15   %                 11   %                 11   %                  8   %                 17   %
(a)   includes delaware, virginia, west virginia and the district of columbia.

the investment securities portfolio averaged $15.5 billion in 2017, up from $15.0 billion and $14.5 billion in 2016 and 2015, respectively. the changes in the average balances reflect the net effect of purchases, offset by maturities and pay downs of mortgage-backed securities. during 2017, the company purchased $1.4 billion of mortgage-backed securities, predominantly ginnie mae and freddie mac securities, and $219 million of u.s. treasury notes. the company sold $512 million of
61
available-for-sale fannie mae and freddie mac mortgage-backed securities during 2017 largely due to the limitations on the amount of those type of securities that are permitted to be included in the highest tier of "high quality liquid assets" for the liquidity coverage ratio ("lcr") calculation. the company also sold a portion of its holdings of fannie mae and freddie mac preferred stock during december 2017 for a gain of $18 million.  the preferred stock sold had a cost basis (after previous write-downs) of $3 million. during 2016, the company sold all of its collateralized debt obligations that were held in the available-for-sale investment securities portfolio for a gain of approximately $30 million. those securities were sold in large part in response to the provisions of the so-called volcker rule included in the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act ("dodd-frank act").
the investment securities portfolio is largely comprised of residential mortgage-backed securities, debt securities issued by municipalities, trust preferred securities issued by certain financial institutions, and shorter-term u.s. treasury and federal agency notes. when purchasing investment securities, the company considers its liquidity position and its overall interest-rate risk profile as well as the adequacy of expected returns relative to risks assumed, including prepayments. the company manages its investment securities portfolio, in part, to satisfy the requirements of the lcr that became effective in january 2016. the lcr is intended to ensure that banks hold a sufficient amount of "high quality liquid assets" to cover the anticipated net cash outflows during a hypothetical acute 30-day stress scenario. for additional information concerning the lcr rules, refer to part i, item 1 of this form 10-k under the heading "liquidity."
in addition to the sales noted above, the company may occasionally sell investment securities as a result of changes in interest rates and spreads, actual or anticipated prepayments, credit risk associated with a particular security, or as a result of restructuring its investment securities portfolio in connection with a business combination. the amounts of investment securities held by the company are influenced by such factors as demand for loans, which generally yield more than investment securities, ongoing repayments, the levels of deposits, and management of liquidity (including the lcr) and balance sheet size and resulting capital ratios.
the company regularly reviews its investment securities for declines in value below amortized cost that might be characterized as "other than temporary." there were no other-than-temporary impairment charges recognized in 2017, 2016 or 2015. based on management's assessment of future cash flows associated with individual investment securities as of december 31, 2017, the company concluded that declines in value below amortized cost associated with the investment securities portfolio were temporary in nature. a further discussion of fair values of investment securities is included herein under the heading "capital." additional information about the investment securities portfolio is included in notes 3 and 20 of notes to financial statements.
other earning assets include interest-bearing deposits at the federal reserve bank of new york and other banks, trading account assets and federal funds sold. those other earning assets in the aggregate averaged $5.6 billion in 2017, $8.9 billion in 2016 and $5.9 billion in 2015. interest-bearing deposits at banks averaged $5.6 billion in 2017, compared with $8.8 billion and $5.8 billion in 2016 and 2015, respectively. the amounts of interest-bearing deposits at banks at the respective dates were predominantly comprised of deposits held at the federal reserve bank of new york. the levels of those deposits often fluctuate due to changes in trust-related deposits of commercial entities, purchases or maturities of investment securities, or borrowings to manage the company's liquidity.
the most significant source of funding for the company is core deposits. the company considers noninterest-bearing deposits, interest-bearing transaction accounts, savings deposits and time deposits of $250,000 or less as core deposits. the company's branch network is its principal source of core deposits, which generally carry lower interest rates than wholesale funds of comparable maturities. average core deposits totaled $92.1 billion in 2017, compared with $92.2 billion in 2016 and $74.2 billion in 2015. the decline in average core deposits in 2017 as compared with 2016 reflected a $3.6 billion, or 33%, decrease in time deposits, predominantly related to
62
maturities of relatively high-rate deposits obtained in the acquisition of hudson city, partially offset by growth in noninterest-bearing deposits, in part reflecting balances associated with trust customers. the higher average core deposits in 2016 as compared with 2015 were predominantly reflective of the impact of the merger with hudson city. the hudson city acquisition added approximately $17.0 billion of core deposits on november 1, 2015, including $9.7 billion of time deposits, $6.6 billion of savings deposits and $691 million of noninterest-bearing deposits. funding provided by core deposits represented 84% of average earning assets in 2017, compared with 82% and 81% in 2016 and 2015, respectively. table 8 summarizes average core deposits in 2017 and percentage changes in the components of such deposits over the past two years. core deposits totaled $90.4 billion and $93.1 billion at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
table 8
average core deposits percent increase

(decrease) from
2017                     2016 to 2017                2015 to 2016
(in millions)
savings and interest-checking deposits               $52,210                 2        %                 19   %
time deposits                                          7,327               (33   )                     167
noninterest-bearing deposits                          32,520                 8                          10
total                                                $92,057                 -        %                 24   %
the company also receives funding from other deposit sources, including branch-related time deposits over $250,000, deposits associated with the company's cayman islands office, and brokered deposits. time deposits over $250,000, excluding brokered deposits, averaged $775 million in 2017, $1.2 billion in 2016 and $501 million in 2015. the decline in such deposits in 2017 from 2016 was predominantly the result of maturities of time deposits obtained in the hudson city acquisition. the higher level of time deposits over $250,000 in 2016 as compared with 2015 was due to the full-year impact of deposits obtained in the acquisition of hudson city. cayman islands office deposits averaged $185 million in 2017, $199 million in 2016 and $216 million in 2015. brokered time deposits averaged $59 million in each of 2017 and 2016 and $37 million in 2015. the company also had brokered savings and interest-bearing transaction accounts that averaged $1.2 billion in 2017 and $1.1 billion in each of 2016 and 2015. additional amounts of cayman islands office deposits or brokered deposits may be added in the future depending on market conditions, including demand by customers and other investors for those deposits, and the cost of funds available from alternative sources at the time.
the company also uses borrowings from banks, securities dealers, various federal home loan banks, the federal reserve bank of new york and others as sources of funding. short-term borrowings represent borrowing arrangements that at the time they were entered into had a contractual maturity of one year or less. average short-term borrowings were $205 million in 2017, $894 million in 2016 and $548 million in 2015. the higher levels of such borrowings in 2016 and 2015 were predominantly due to short-term borrowings from the federal home loan bank ("fhlb") of new york assumed in the hudson city acquisition. those short-term fixed rate borrowings matured throughout 2016. also included in short-term borrowings were unsecured federal funds borrowings, which generally mature on the next business day, that averaged $132 million, $151 million and $138 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. overnight federal
63
funds borrowings totaled $125 million at december 31, 2017 and $112 million at december 31, 2016.
long-term borrowings averaged $8.3 billion in 2017, $10.3 billion in 2016 and $10.2 billion in 2015. m&t bank has a bank note program whereby m&t bank may offer unsecured senior and subordinated notes. unsecured senior notes issued under that program totaled $5.0 billion and $5.2 billion at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. average balances of outstanding senior notes issued under that program were $4.8 billion in 2017, compared with $5.3 billion in each of 2016 and 2015. the lower average balances of the senior notes in 2017 resulted from redemptions and maturities that exceeded new issuances under the bank note program. also included in average long-term borrowings were amounts borrowed from the federal home loan banks of new york, atlanta and pittsburgh of $820 million in 2017, compared with $1.2 billion in each of 2016 and 2015, and subordinated capital notes of $1.7 billion in 2017, compared with $1.5 billion in each of 2016 and 2015. during 2017, in accordance with m&t's 2017 capital plan m&t bank issued $500 million of fixed rate subordinated capital notes that mature in 2027.  junior subordinated debentures associated with trust preferred securities that were included in average long-term borrowings were $518 million in 2017, $515 million in 2016 and $605 million in 2015. in accordance with its 2015 capital plan, on april 15, 2015 m&t redeemed the junior subordinated debentures associated with the $310 million of trust preferred securities of m&t capital trusts i, ii and iii. those borrowings had a weighted-average interest rate of 8.24%. also included in long-term borrowings were agreements to repurchase securities, which averaged $490 million in 2017, $1.8 billion in 2016 and $1.5 billion during 2015.  agreements to repurchase securities assumed in connection with the hudson city acquisition totaled $6.9 billion at november 1, 2015. immediately following the november 1, 2015 hudson city acquisition date the balance sheet was restructured and $6.4 billion of the assumed repurchase agreements were repaid. matured repurchase agreements totaled $650 million and $800 million during 2017 and 2016, respectively.  the repurchase agreements held at december 31, 2017 totaled $422 million and have various repurchase dates through 2020, however, the contractual maturities of the underlying securities extend beyond such repurchase dates. additional information regarding long-term borrowings, including information regarding contractual maturities of such borrowings, is provided in note 9 of notes to financial statements. the company has utilized interest rate swap agreements to modify the repricing characteristics of certain components of long-term debt. as of december 31, 2017, interest rate swap agreements were used to hedge approximately $4.6 billion of outstanding fixed rate long-term borrowings. further information on interest rate swap agreements is provided in note 18 of notes to financial statements.
changes in the composition of the company's earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, as discussed herein, as well as changes in interest rates and spreads, can impact net interest income. net interest spread, or the difference between the taxable-equivalent yield on earning assets and the rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities, was 3.27% in 2017, compared with 2.93% in 2016 and 2.95% in 2015. the yield on the company's earning assets increased 33 basis points to 3.82% in 2017 from 3.49% in 2016, while the rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities decreased one basis point to .55% in 2017 from .56% in 2016. the widening of the net interest spread in 2017 as compared with 2016 was predominantly due to the effect of increases in short-term interest rates initiated by the federal reserve during late 2016 and 2017 that contributed most significantly to higher yields on loans and leases. the slight narrowing of the net interest spread in 2016 as compared with 2015 reflected the ongoing impact of the low interest rate environment in those years on the yields earned on investment securities, higher rates paid on interest-bearing deposits (largely associated with time deposits obtained in the hudson city acquisition) and higher amounts of relatively low yielding balances held at the federal reserve bank of new york.
net interest-free funds consist largely of noninterest-bearing demand deposits and shareholders' equity, partially offset by bank owned life insurance and non-earning assets, including goodwill and
64
core deposit and other intangible assets. net interest-free funds averaged $39.7 billion in 2017, compared with $36.8 billion in 2016 and $31.7 billion in 2015. the increases in average net interest-free funds in 2017 from 2016 and in 2016 as compared with 2015 reflect higher balances of noninterest-bearing deposits. those deposits averaged $32.5 billion in 2017, $30.2 billion in 2016 and $27.3 billion in 2015. the growth in average noninterest-bearing deposits in 2017 as compared with 2016 reflects higher levels of deposits of trust customers.  in connection with the november 1, 2015 acquisition of hudson city, the company added noninterest-bearing deposits of $691 million at the acquisition date. in addition to the impact of the hudson city acquisition, growth in noninterest-bearing deposits in 2016 as compared with 2015 reflected an increase in commercial and trust customer deposits. shareholders' equity averaged $16.3 billion, $16.4 billion and $13.2 billion in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. the rise in shareholders' equity from 2015 to 2016 reflected $3.1 billion of common equity issued in connection with the acquisition of hudson city, as well as net retained earnings. goodwill and core deposit and other intangible assets averaged $4.7 billion in each of 2017 and 2016, compared with $3.7 billion in 2015. goodwill of $1.1 billion and core deposit intangible of $132 million resulted from the november 1, 2015 hudson city acquisition. the cash surrender value of bank owned life insurance averaged $1.8 billion in 2017, compared with $1.7 billion in each of 2016 and 2015. increases in the cash surrender value of bank owned life insurance are not included in interest income, but rather are recorded in "other revenues from operations." the contribution of net interest-free funds to net interest margin was .20% in 2017, .18% in 2016 and .19% in 2015.
reflecting the changes to the net interest spread and the contribution of net interest-free funds as described herein, the company's net interest margin was 3.47% in 2017, 3.11% in 2016 and 3.14% in 2015. future changes in market interest rates or spreads, as well as changes in the composition of the company's portfolios of earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities that result in reductions in spreads, could adversely impact the company's net interest income and net interest margin.
management assesses the potential impact of future changes in interest rates and spreads by projecting net interest income under several interest rate scenarios. in managing interest rate risk, the company has utilized interest rate swap agreements to modify the repricing characteristics of certain portions of its earnings assets and interest-bearing liabilities. periodic settlement amounts arising from these agreements are reflected in either the yields on earning assets or the rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities. the notional amount of interest rate swap agreements entered into for interest rate risk management purposes was $7.4 billion (excluding $2.0 billion of forward-starting swap agreements) at december 31, 2017 and $900 million at december 31, 2016. under the terms of those interest rate swap agreements, the company received payments based on the outstanding notional amount at fixed rates and made payments at variable rates. the $6.5 billion increase in notional amount from december 31, 2016 reflects additions of $2.9 billion of interest rate swap agreements designated as cash flow hedges of variable rate commercial real estate loans and $3.6 billion of interest rate swap agreements designated as fair value hedges of fixed rate long-term borrowings. there were no interest rate swap agreements designated as cash flow hedges at december 31, 2016.
65
in a fair value hedge, the fair value of the derivative (the interest rate swap agreement) and changes in the fair value of the hedged item are recorded in the company's consolidated balance sheet with the corresponding gain or loss recognized in current earnings. the difference between changes in the fair value of the interest rate swap agreements and the hedged items represents hedge ineffectiveness and is recorded in "other revenues from operations" in the company's consolidated statement of income. in a cash flow hedge, unlike in a fair value hedge, the effective portion of the derivative's gain or loss is initially reported as a component of other comprehensive income and subsequently reclassified into earnings when the forecasted transaction affects earnings. the ineffective portion of the gain or loss is reported in "other revenues from operations" immediately. the amounts of hedge ineffectiveness recognized in 2017, 2016 and 2015 were not material to the company's consolidated results of operations. information regarding the fair value of interest rate swap agreements and hedge ineffectiveness is presented in note 18 of notes to financial statements.  information regarding the effective portion of cash flow hedges is presented in note 15 of notes to financial statements.  the changes in the fair values of the interest rate swap agreements and the hedged items primarily result from the effects of changing interest rates and spreads. the company's credit exposure as of december 31, 2017 with respect to the estimated fair value of interest rate swap agreements used for managing interest rate risk has been substantially mitigated through master netting arrangements with trading account interest rate contracts with the same counterparty as well as counterparty postings of $12 million of collateral with the company.  the average notional amounts of interest rate swap agreements entered into for interest rate risk management purposes, the related effect on net interest income and margin, and the weighted-average interest rates paid or received on those swap agreements are presented in table 9.
table 9
interest rate swap agreements year ended december 31

2017                                          2016                                           2015
amount           rate(a)              amount                    rate(a)              amount                    rate(a)
(dollars in thousands)
increase (decrease) in:
interest income                          $3,916                 -      %       $-                              -      %       $-                              -      %
interest expense                        (20,966   )             (.03   )               (36,866   )             (.05   )               (44,219   )             (.07   )
net interest                            $24,882           .02          %       $36,866                   .04          %       $44,219                   .04          %
income/margin average notional amount(c)           $4,766,575                                $1,357,650                                     $1,412,340
rate received(b)                                          2.30         %                                 4.39         %                                 4.42         %
rate paid(b)                                              1.79         %                                 1.64         %                                 1.28         %
(a)   computed as a percentage of average earning assets or interest-bearing liabilities.

(b)   weighted-average rate paid or received on interest rate swap agreements in effect during year.

(c)   excludes forward-starting interest rate swap agreements not in effect during the year.

in addition to interest rate swap agreements, the company has entered into interest rate floor agreements that are not accounted for as hedging instruments but, nevertheless, provide the company with protection against the possibility of future declines in interest rates on its earning assets.  at december 31, 2017, outstanding notional amounts of such agreements totaled $6.3 billion.  there were no similar agreements at december 31, 2016. the fair value of those interest rate floor
66
agreements was $3.7 million and was included in trading account assets at december 31, 2017. changes in the fair value of those agreements are recorded as "trading account and foreign exchange gains" in the consolidated statement of income.
provision for credit losses the company maintains an allowance for credit losses that in management's judgment appropriately reflects losses inherent in the loan and lease portfolio. a provision for credit losses is recorded to adjust the level of the allowance as deemed necessary by management. the provision for credit losses was $168 million in 2017, compared with $190 million in 2016 and $170 million in 2015. net charge-offs of loans were $140 million in 2017, $157 million in 2016 and $134 million in 2015. net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans and leases outstanding were .16% in 2017, compared with .18% in 2016 and .19% in 2015. a summary of the company's loan charge-offs, provision and allowance for credit losses is presented in table 10 and in note 5 of notes to financial statements.
table 10
loan charge-offs, provision and allowance for credit losses
2017                     2016                     2015                     2014                     2013

(dollars in thousands)
allowance for credit losses beginning              $988,997                 $955,992                 $919,562                 $916,676                 $925,860
balance charge-offs during year commercial, financial,                               64,941                   59,244                   60,983                   58,943                  109,329
leasing, etc.
real estate - construction                              267                      137                    3,221                    1,882                    9,137
real estate - mortgage                               28,463                   30,801                   26,382                   33,527                   49,079
consumer                                            130,927                  141,073                  107,787                   84,390                   85,965
total charge-offs                                   224,598                  231,255                  198,373                  178,742                  253,510
recoveries during year commercial, financial,                               21,196                   30,167                   30,284                   22,188                   11,773
leasing, etc.
real estate - construction                            8,894                    4,062                    6,308                    4,725                   18,800
real estate - mortgage                               12,671                   11,124                    7,626                   14,640                   13,718
consumer                                             42,038                   28,907                   20,585                   16,075                   26,035
total recoveries                                     84,799                   74,260                   64,803                   57,628                   70,326
net charge-offs                                     139,799                  156,995                  133,570                  121,114                  183,184
provision for credit losses                         168,000                  190,000                  170,000                  124,000                  185,000
allowance related to loans sold or                        -                        -                        -                        -                  (11,000   )
securitized allowance for credit losses ending               $1,017,198                 $988,997                 $955,992                 $919,562                 $916,676
balance net charge-offs as a percent of:
provision for credit losses                           83.21   %                82.63   %                78.57   %                97.67   %                99.02   %
average loans and leases, net of                        .16   %                  .18   %                  .19   %                  .19   %                  .28   %
unearned discount allowance for credit losses as a                       1.16   %                 1.09   %                 1.09   %                 1.38   %                 1.43   %
percent of loans and leases, net of unearned discount, at year-end
67
loans acquired in connection with acquisition transactions subsequent to 2008 were recorded at fair value with no carry-over of any previously recorded allowance for credit losses. determining the fair value of the acquired loans required estimating cash flows expected to be collected on the loans and discounting those cash flows at then-current interest rates. for acquired loans where fair value was less than outstanding principal as of the acquisition date and the resulting discount was due, at least in part, to credit deterioration, the excess of expected cash flows over the carrying value of the loans is recognized as interest income over the lives of the loans. the difference between contractually required payments and the cash flows expected to be collected is referred to as the nonaccretable balance and is not recorded on the consolidated balance sheet. the nonaccretable balance reflects estimated future credit losses and other contractually required payments that the company does not expect to collect. the company regularly evaluates the reasonableness of its cash flow projections associated with such loans, including its estimates of lifetime principal losses. any decreases to the expected cash flows require the company to evaluate the need for an additional allowance for credit losses and could lead to charge-offs of loan balances. any significant increases in expected cash flows result in additional interest income to be recognized over the then-remaining lives of the loans. the carrying amount of loans acquired at a discount subsequent to 2008 and accounted for based on expected cash flows was $1.0 billion and $1.8 billion at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the nonaccretable balance related to remaining principal losses associated with loans acquired at a discount as of december 31, 2017 and 2016 is presented in table 11. during each of the last three years, based largely on improving economic conditions and borrower repayment performance, the company's estimates of cash flows expected to be generated by loans acquired at a discount and accounted for based on expected cash flows improved, resulting in increases in the accretable yield. in 2017, estimated cash flows expected to be generated by acquired loans increased by $66 million, or approximately 3%. that improvement reflected higher estimated principal, interest and other recoveries largely associated with purchased-impaired residential real estate loans acquired from hudson city. in 2016, estimated cash flows expected to be generated by acquired loans increased by $50 million, or approximately 2%. that improvement reflected a lowering of estimated principal losses by approximately $33 million, primarily due to a $19 million decrease in expected principal losses in the commercial real estate loan portfolios, as well as interest and other recoveries. similarly, in 2015, excluding expected cash flows on the purchased impaired loans acquired from hudson city on november 1, 2015, estimated cash flows expected to be generated increased by $77 million, or approximately 3%. that improvement reflected a lowering of estimated principal losses by approximately $58 million, primarily due to a $42 million decrease in expected principal losses in the commercial real estate loan portfolios, as well as interest and other recoveries.
table 11
nonaccretable balance - principal remaining balance

december 31, 2017               december 31, 2016
(in thousands)
commercial, financial, leasing, etc.   $3,586                                        4,794
commercial real estate                              28,783                          39,867
residential real estate                             33,880                          59,657
consumer                                             7,482                          11,275
total                                  $73,731                                     115,593
68
for acquired loans where the fair value exceeded the outstanding principal balance, the resulting premium is recognized as a reduction of interest income over the lives of the loans. immediately following the acquisition date and thereafter, an allowance for credit losses is recorded for incurred losses inherent in the portfolio, consistent with the accounting for originated loans and leases. the carrying amount of hudson city loans acquired at a premium totaled $11.5 billion and $14.2 billion at december 31, 2017 and december 31, 2016, respectively. gaap does not allow the credit loss component of the net premium associated with those loans to be bifurcated and accounted for as a nonaccreting balance as is the case with purchased impaired loans and other loans acquired at a discount. despite the fact that the determination of aggregate fair value reflects the impact of expected credit losses, gaap provides that incurred losses in a portfolio of loans acquired at a premium be recognized even though in a relatively homogenous portfolio of residential mortgage loans the specific loans to which the losses relate cannot be individually identified at the acquisition date.  as a result, in addition to the impact of estimated credit losses included in the determination of the fair value of loans acquired from hudson city at a premium, the company recorded a $21 million provision for credit losses in the fourth quarter of 2015 for incurred losses inherent in those loans at that time. subsequent to the acquisition date, incurred losses associated with those loans are evaluated using methods consistent with those applied to originated loans and such losses are considered by management in evaluating the company's allowance for credit losses.
nonaccrual loans aggregated $883 million at december 31, 2017, compared with $920 million and $799 million at december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. as a percentage of total loans and leases outstanding, nonaccrual loans represented 1.00%, 1.01% and .91% at the end of 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. the lower level of nonaccrual loans at december 31, 2017 as compared with december 31, 2016 reflects the effects of borrower repayment performance and charge-offs. the increase in nonaccrual loans since the 2015 year-end reflected previously performing residential real estate loans obtained in the acquisition of hudson city that subsequently became over 90 days past due and, as such, were not identifiable as purchased impaired as of the acquisition date.  those nonaccrual loans totaled $215 million and $190 million at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. following the acquisition accounting provisions of gaap, hudson city-related loans classified as nonaccrual were not significant at december 31, 2015.
accruing loans past due 90 days or more (excluding loans acquired at a discount) totaled $244 million or .28% of total loans and leases at december 31, 2017, compared with $301 million or .33% at december 31, 2016 and $317 million or .36% at december 31, 2015. those amounts included loans guaranteed by government-related entities of $235 million, $283 million and $276 million at december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. guaranteed loans included one-to-four family residential mortgage loans serviced by the company that were repurchased to reduce associated servicing costs, including a requirement to advance principal and interest payments that had not been received from individual mortgagors. despite the loans being purchased by the company, the insurance or guarantee by the applicable government-related entity remains in force. the outstanding principal balances of the repurchased loans that are guaranteed by government-related entities totaled $207 million at december 31, 2017, $224 million at december 31, 2016 and $221 million at december 31, 2015. the remaining accruing loans past due 90 days or more not guaranteed by government-related entities were loans considered to be with creditworthy borrowers that were in the process of collection or renewal. a summary of nonperforming assets and certain past due, renegotiated and impaired loan data and credit quality ratios is presented in table 12.
69
table 12
nonperforming asset and past due, renegotiated and impaired loan data december 31                           2017                      2016                      2015                     2014                     2013

(dollars in thousands)
nonaccrual loans                                          $882,598                  $920,015                  $799,409                 $799,151                 $874,156
real estate and other foreclosed assets                    111,910                   139,206                   195,085                   63,635                   66,875
total nonperforming assets                                $994,508                $1,059,221                  $994,494                 $862,786                 $941,031
accruing loans past due 90 days or more(a)                $244,405                  $300,659                  $317,441                 $245,020                 $368,510
government guaranteed loans included in totals above:
nonaccrual loans                                           $35,677                   $40,610                   $47,052                  $69,095                  $63,647
accruing loans past due 90 days or more                    235,489                   282,659                   276,285                  217,822                  297,918
renegotiated loans                                        $221,513                  $190,374                  $182,865                 $202,633                 $257,092
accruing loans acquired at a discount past                 $47,418                   $61,144                   $68,473                 $110,367                 $130,162
due 90 days or more(b)
purchased impaired loans(c):
outstanding customer balance                              $688,091                  $927,446                $1,204,004                 $369,080                 $579,975
carrying amount                                            410,015                   578,032                   768,329                  197,737                  330,792
nonaccrual loans to total loans and leases,                   1.00   %                  1.01   %                   .91   %                 1.20   %                 1.36   %
net of unearned discount nonperforming assets to total net loans and                   1.13   %                  1.16   %                  1.13   %                 1.29   %                 1.47   %
leases and real estate and other foreclosed assets accruing loans past due 90 days or more(a) to                  .28   %                   .33   %                   .36   %                  .37   %                  .58   %
total loans and leases, net of unearned discount
(a)   excludes loans acquired at a discount. predominantly residential real estate loans.

(b)   loans acquired at a discount that were recorded at fair value at acquisition date. this category does not include purchased impaired loans that are presented separately.

(c)   accruing loans acquired at a discount that were impaired at acquisition date and recorded at fair value.

purchased impaired loans are loans obtained in acquisition transactions subsequent to 2008 that as of the acquisition date were specifically identified as displaying signs of credit deterioration and for which the company did not expect to collect all contractually required principal and interest payments. those loans were impaired at the date of acquisition, were recorded at estimated fair value and were generally delinquent in payments, but, in accordance with gaap, the company continues to accrue interest income on such loans based on the estimated expected cash flows associated with the loans. the carrying amount of such loans aggregated $410 million at december 31, 2017, or .5% of total loans. of that amount, $378 million related to the hudson city acquisition. purchased impaired loans totaled $578 million at december 31, 2016, of which $512 million related to the acquisition of hudson city.
the company modified the terms of select loans in an effort to assist borrowers. if the borrower was experiencing financial difficulty and a concession was granted, the company considered such modifications as troubled debt restructurings. loan modifications included such actions as the extension of loan maturity dates and the lowering of interest rates and monthly payments. the objective of the modifications was to increase loan repayments by customers and thereby reduce net
70
charge-offs. in accordance with gaap, the modified loans are included in impaired loans for purposes of determining the level of the allowance for credit losses. information about modifications of loans that are considered troubled debt restructurings is included in note 4 of notes to financial statements.
residential real estate loans modified under specified loss mitigation programs prescribed by government guarantors have not been included in renegotiated loans because the loan guarantee remains in full force and, accordingly, the company has not granted a concession with respect to the ultimate collection of the original loan balance. such loans totaled $189 million and $171 million at december 31, 2017 and december 31, 2016, respectively.
charge-offs of commercial loans and leases, net of recoveries, aggregated $44 million in 2017, $29 million in 2016 and $31 million in 2015.  commercial loans and leases in nonaccrual status were $241 million at december 31, 2017, $261 million at december 31, 2016 and $242 million at december 31, 2015.
net recoveries of previously charged-off commercial real estate loans during 2017 and 2016 were $5 million and $2 million, respectively, compared with net charge-offs of commercial real estate loans during 2015 of $7 million. reflected in those amounts were net recoveries of $9 million in 2017, $4 million in 2016 and $2 million in 2015 of loans to residential real estate builders and developers. commercial real estate loans classified as nonaccrual aggregated $202 million at december 31, 2017, compared with $211 million at december 31, 2016 and $224 million at december 31, 2015.  nonaccrual commercial real estate loans included construction-related loans of $17 million, $35 million and $45 million at the end of 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. those nonaccrual construction loans included loans to residential builders and developers of $6 million at december 31, 2017, $17 million at december 31, 2016 and $28 million at december 31, 2015.
net charge-offs of residential real estate loans totaled $12 million in 2017, $18 million in 2016 and $9 million in 2015. residential real estate loans in nonaccrual status at december 31, 2017 were $332 million, compared with $336 million and $215 million at december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. the higher levels of residential real estate loans classified as nonaccrual since 2015 reflect previously performing loans obtained in the acquisition of hudson city that subsequently became more than 90 days delinquent after 2015.  such nonaccrual residential real estate loans aggregated $215 million and $190 million at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. those loans could not be identified as purchased impaired loans at the acquisition date because the borrowers were making loan payments at the time and the loans were not recorded at a discount. following the acquisition accounting provisions of gaap, hudson city-related nonaccrual residential real estate loans were not significant at december 31, 2015. net charge-offs of limited documentation first mortgage loans aggregated $2 million in 2017, $4 million in 2016 and $1 million in 2015. nonaccrual limited documentation first mortgage loans were $96 million at december 31, 2017 (including $65 million obtained in the acquisition of hudson city), compared with $107 million (including $70 million obtained in the acquisition of hudson city) and $62 million at december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. residential real estate loans past due 90 days or more and accruing interest (excluding loans acquired at a discount) totaled $233 million (including $21 million obtained in the acquisition of hudson city) at december 31, 2017, $281 million (including $49 million obtained in the acquisition of hudson city) at december 31, 2016 and $284 million (including $44 million obtained in the acquisition of hudson city) at december 31, 2015. a substantial portion of such amounts related to guaranteed loans repurchased from government-related entities. information about the location of nonaccrual and charged-off residential real estate loans as of and for the year ended december 31, 2017 is presented in table 13.
71
table 13
selected residential real estate-related loan data year ended

december 31, 2017                                    december 31, 2017
nonaccrual                         net charge-offs (recoveries)
percent of percent of                                        average outstanding                                     outstanding                                        outstanding balances                balances                balances               balances                 balances
(dollars in thousands)
residential mortgages:
new york                                                    $5,622,578                 $73,684                    1.31   %             $4,606                 .08             %
pennsylvania                                                 1,396,890                  15,681                    1.12                    588                 .04
maryland                                                     1,134,921                  11,414                    1.01                   (505      )                  (.04    )
new jersey                                                   4,250,083                  61,159                    1.44                  2,887                 .06
other mid-atlantic (a)                                       1,011,467                   9,301                     .92                    227                 .02
other                                                        3,172,459                  64,180                    2.02                  2,288                 .07
total                                                      $16,588,398                $235,419                    1.42   %            $10,091                 .06             %
residential construction loans:
new york                                                        $6,254                      $-                       -   %               $(48      )                  (.92    %)
pennsylvania                                                     2,689                     344                   12.77                    (62      )                  (3.19   )
maryland                                                         1,611                       -                       -                      -                         -
new jersey                                                       1,491                       -                       -                      -                         -
other mid-atlantic (a)                                           4,018                       -                       -                      -                         -
other                                                            5,625                      71                    1.27                    (18      )                  (.27    )
total                                                          $21,688                    $415                    1.91   %              $(128      )                  (.60    %)
limited documentation first mortgages:
new york                                                    $1,303,392                 $40,451                    3.10   %             $1,041                 .07             %
pennsylvania                                                    62,736                   5,155                    8.22                    (88      )                  (.13    )
maryland                                                        36,364                   2,812                    7.73                    260                 .64
new jersey                                                   1,153,828                  23,512                    2.04                    310                 .02
other mid-atlantic (a)                                          28,860                   1,373                    4.76                    226                 .66
other                                                          418,078                  22,802                    5.45                    104                 .02
total                                                       $3,003,258                 $96,105                    3.20   %             $1,853                 .06             %
first lien home equity loans and lines of credit:
new york                                                    $1,243,335                 $14,734                    1.19   %             $3,737                 .29             %
pennsylvania                                                   780,219                   9,385                    1.20                  1,878                 .23
maryland                                                       634,107                   6,863                    1.08                  2,019                 .30
new jersey                                                      60,682                     350                     .58                     11                 .02
other mid-atlantic (a)                                         202,522                   2,389                    1.18                    106                 .05
other                                                           28,106                   1,085                    3.86                      2                 .01
total                                                       $2,948,971                 $34,806                    1.18   %             $7,753                 .26             %
junior lien home equity loans and lines of credit:
new york                                                      $856,958                 $18,544                    2.16   %             $1,505                 .17             %
pennsylvania                                                   328,990                   4,227                    1.28                    199                 .06
maryland                                                       708,954                  10,425                    1.47                    875                 .12
new jersey                                                     103,927                   1,720                    1.65                    189                 .16
other mid-atlantic (a)                                         296,648                   2,892                     .97                    366                 .12
other                                                           42,048                   1,553                    3.69                   (204      )                  (.49    )
total                                                       $2,337,525                 $39,361                    1.68   %             $2,930                 .12             %
limited documentation junior lien:
new york                                                          $747                      $-                       -   %                $(2      )                  (.22    %)
pennsylvania                                                       320                       -                       -                      -                         -
maryland                                                         1,316                       -                       -                     53                 3.88
new jersey                                                         384                       -                       -                    (35      )                  (9.33   )
other mid-atlantic (a)                                             600                       -                       -                      -                         -
other                                                            3,919                     333                    8.50                    151                 3.47
total                                                           $7,286                    $333                    4.57   %               $167                 2.13            %
(a)   includes delaware, virginia, west virginia and the district of columbia.

72
net charge-offs of consumer loans during 2017 aggregated $89 million, compared with $112 million in 2016 and $87 million in 2015. during 2016, the company accelerated the charge off of consumer loans associated with customers who were either deceased or had filed for bankruptcy that, in accordance with gaap, had previously been considered when determining the level of the allowance for credit losses and were charged-off following the company's normal charge-off procedures to the extent the loans subsequently became delinquent. charge-offs of such loans totaled $25 million and $32 million in 2017 and 2016, respectively, and included $17 million and $22 million of loan balances with a current payment status at the time of charge-off. included in net charge-offs of consumer loans were: automobile loans of $34 million in 2017, $32 million in 2016 and $12 million in 2015; recreational vehicle loans of $16 million, $24 million and $12 million during 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively; and home equity loans and lines of credit secured by one-to-four family residential properties of $11 million in 2017, $17 million in 2016 and $15 million in 2015. nonaccrual consumer loans were $108 million at december 31, 2017, compared with $112 million and $118 million at december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. included in nonaccrual consumer loans at the 2017, 2016 and 2015 year-ends were: automobile loans of $24 million, $19 million and $17 million, respectively; recreational vehicle loans of $6 million, $7 million and $9 million, respectively; and outstanding balances of home equity loans and lines of credit of $75 million, $82 million and $84 million, respectively. information about the location of nonaccrual and charged-off home equity loans and lines of credit as of and for the year ended december 31, 2017 is presented in table 13.
information about past due and nonaccrual loans as of december 31, 2017 and 2016 is also included in note 4 of notes to financial statements.
real estate and other foreclosed assets totaled $112 million at december 31, 2017, compared with $139 million at december 31, 2016 and $195 million at december 31, 2015. net gains or losses associated with real estate and other foreclosed assets were not material in 2017, 2016 or 2015. at december 31, 2017, the company's holding of residential real estate-related properties comprised approximately 96% of foreclosed assets.
management determined the allowance for credit losses by performing ongoing evaluations of the loan and lease portfolio, including such factors as the differing economic risks associated with each loan category, the financial condition of specific borrowers, the economic environment in which borrowers operate, the level of delinquent loans, the value of any collateral and, where applicable, the existence of any guarantees or indemnifications. management evaluated the impact of changes in interest rates and overall economic conditions on the ability of borrowers to meet repayment obligations when quantifying the company's exposure to credit losses and the allowance for such losses as of each reporting date. factors also considered by management when performing its assessment, in addition to general economic conditions and the other factors described above, included, but were not limited to: (i) the impact of real estate values on the company's portfolio of loans secured by commercial and residential real estate; (ii) the concentrations of commercial real estate loans in the company's loan portfolio; (iii) the amount of commercial and industrial loans to businesses in areas of new york state outside of the new york city metropolitan area and in central pennsylvania that have historically experienced less economic growth and vitality than the vast majority of other regions of the country; (iv) the expected repayment performance associated with the company's first and second lien loans secured by residential real estate, including loans obtained in the acquisition of hudson city that were not classified as purchased impaired; and (v) the size of the company's portfolio of loans to individual consumers, which historically have experienced higher net charge-offs as a percentage of loans outstanding than other loan types. the level of the allowance is adjusted based on the results of management's analysis.
management cautiously and conservatively evaluated the allowance for credit losses as of december 31, 2017 in light of: (i) residential real estate values and the level of delinquencies of loans secured by residential real estate; (ii) economic conditions in the markets served by the company;
73
(iii) slower growth in private sector employment in upstate new york and central pennsylvania than in other regions served by the company and nationally; (iv) the significant subjectivity involved in commercial real estate valuations; and (v) the amount of loan growth experienced by the company. while there has been general improvement in economic conditions, concerns continue to exist about the strength and sustainability of such improvements; the volatile nature of global commodity and export markets, including the impact international economic conditions could have on the u.s. economy; federal reserve positioning of monetary policy; and continued stagnant population growth in the upstate new york and central pennsylvania regions (approximately 53% of the company's loans and leases are to customers in new york state and pennsylvania).
as described in note 5 of notes to financial statements, the company utilizes a loan grading system to differentiate risk amongst its commercial loans and commercial real estate loans. loans with a lower expectation of default are assigned one of ten possible "pass" loan grades and are generally ascribed lower loss factors when determining the allowance for credit losses. loans with an elevated level of credit risk are classified as "criticized" and are ascribed a higher loss factor when determining the allowance for credit losses. criticized loans may be classified as "nonaccrual" if the company no longer expects to collect all amounts according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement or the loan is delinquent 90 days or more. criticized commercial loans and commercial real estate loans totaled $2.5 billion at december 31, 2017 and $2.4 billion at december 31, 2016. approximately 99% of loan balances added to the criticized category during 2017 were less than 90 days past due and 96% had a current payment status. given payment performance, amount of supporting collateral, and, in certain instances, the existence of loan guarantees, the company still expects to collect the full outstanding principal balance on most of these loans.
loan officers in different geographic locations with the support of the company's credit department personnel continuously review and reassign loan grades based on their detailed knowledge of individual borrowers and their judgment of the impact on such borrowers resulting from changing conditions in their respective regions. at least annually, updated financial information is obtained from commercial borrowers associated with pass grade loans and additional analysis is performed. on a quarterly basis, the company's centralized credit department reviews all criticized commercial loans and commercial real estate loans greater than $1 million to determine the appropriateness of the assigned loan grade, including whether the loan should be reported as accruing or nonaccruing. for criticized nonaccrual loans, additional meetings are held with loan officers and their managers, workout specialists and senior management to discuss each of the relationships. in analyzing criticized loans, borrower-specific information is reviewed, including operating results, future cash flows, recent developments and the borrower's outlook, and other pertinent data. the timing and extent of potential losses, considering collateral valuation and other factors, and the company's potential courses of action are contemplated. to the extent that these loans are collateral-dependent, they are evaluated based on the fair value of the loan's collateral as estimated at or near the financial statement date. as the quality of a loan deteriorates to the point of classifying the loan as "criticized," the process of obtaining updated collateral valuation information is usually initiated, unless it is not considered warranted given factors such as the relative size of the loan, the characteristics of the collateral or the age of the last valuation. in those cases where current appraisals may not yet be available, prior appraisals are utilized with adjustments, as deemed necessary, for estimates of subsequent declines in value as determined by line of business and/or loan workout personnel in the respective geographic regions. those adjustments are reviewed and assessed for reasonableness by the company's credit department. accordingly, for real estate collateral securing larger commercial loans and commercial real estate loans, estimated collateral values are based on current appraisals and estimates of value. for non-real estate loans, collateral is assigned a discounted estimated liquidation value and, depending on the nature of the collateral, is verified
74
through field exams or other procedures. in assessing collateral, real estate and non-real estate values are reduced by an estimate of selling costs.
with regard to residential real estate loans, the company's loss identification and estimation techniques make reference to loan performance and house price data in specific areas of the country where collateral securing the company's residential real estate loans is located. for residential real estate-related loans, including home equity loans and lines of credit, the excess of the loan balance over the net realizable value of the property collateralizing the loan is charged-off when the loan becomes 150 days delinquent. that charge-off is based on recent indications of value from external parties that are generally obtained shortly after a loan becomes nonaccrual. loans to consumers that file for bankruptcy are generally charged off to estimated net collateral value shortly after the company is notified of such filings.  at december 31, 2017, approximately 56% of the company's home equity portfolio consisted of first lien loans and lines of credit. of the remaining junior lien loans in the portfolio, approximately 69% (or approximately 30% of the aggregate home equity portfolio) consisted of junior lien loans that were behind a first lien mortgage loan that was not owned or serviced by the company. to the extent known by the company, if a senior lien loan would be on nonaccrual status because of payment delinquency, even if such senior lien loan was not owned by the company, the junior lien loan or line that is owned by the company is placed on nonaccrual status. at december 31, 2017, the balance of junior lien loans and lines that were in nonaccrual status solely as a result of first lien loan performance was $10 million, compared with $12 million at december 31, 2016. in monitoring the credit quality of its home equity portfolio for purposes of determining the allowance for credit losses, the company reviews delinquency and nonaccrual information and considers recent charge-off experience. when evaluating individual home equity loans and lines of credit for charge off and for purposes of estimating incurred losses in determining the allowance for credit losses, the company gives consideration to the required repayment of any first lien positions related to collateral property. home equity line of credit terms vary but such lines are generally originated with an open draw period of ten years followed by an amortization period of up to twenty years. at december 31, 2017, approximately 83% of all outstanding balances of home equity lines of credit related to lines that were still in the draw period, the weighted-average remaining draw periods were approximately five years, and approximately 21% were making contractually allowed payments that do not include any repayment of principal.
factors that influence the company's credit loss experience include overall economic conditions affecting businesses and consumers, generally, but also residential and commercial real estate valuations, in particular, given the size of the company's real estate loan portfolios. commercial real estate valuations can be highly subjective, as they are based upon many assumptions. such valuations can be significantly affected over relatively short periods of time by changes in business climate, economic conditions, interest rates, and, in many cases, the results of operations of businesses and other occupants of the real property. similarly, residential real estate valuations can be impacted by housing trends, the availability of financing at reasonable interest rates, and general economic conditions affecting consumers.
in determining the allowance for credit losses, the company estimates losses attributable to specific troubled credits identified through both normal and targeted credit review processes and also estimates losses inherent in other loans and leases. in quantifying incurred losses, the company considers the factors and uses the techniques described herein and in note 5 of notes to financial statements. for purposes of determining the level of the allowance for credit losses, the company segments its loan and lease portfolio by loan type. the amount of specific loss components in the company's loan and lease portfolios is determined through a loan-by-loan analysis of commercial loans and commercial real estate loans in nonaccrual status. measurement of the specific loss components is typically based on expected future cash flows, collateral values or other factors that may impact the borrower's ability to pay. losses associated with residential real estate loans and consumer
75
loans are generally determined by reference to recent charge-off history and are evaluated (and adjusted if deemed appropriate) through consideration of other factors including near-term forecasted loss estimates developed by the company's credit department. these forecasts give consideration to overall borrower repayment performance and current geographic region changes in collateral values using third party published historical price indices or automated valuation methodologies. with regard to collateral values, the realizability of such values by the company contemplates repayment of any first lien position prior to recovering amounts on a junior lien position. approximately 44% of the company's home equity portfolio consists of junior lien loans and lines of credit. except for consumer loans and residential real estate loans that are considered smaller balance homogeneous loans and are evaluated collectively and loans obtained at a discount in acquisition transactions, the company considers a loan to be impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the company will be unable to collect all amounts according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement or the loan is delinquent 90 days or more and has been placed in nonaccrual status. those impaired loans are evaluated for specific loss components. modified loans, including smaller balance homogenous loans, that are considered to be troubled debt restructurings are evaluated for impairment giving consideration to the impact of the modified loan terms on the present value of the loan's expected cash flows. loans less than 90 days delinquent are deemed to have a minimal delay in payment and are generally not considered to be impaired. for loans acquired at a discount, the impact of estimated future credit losses represents the predominant difference between contractually required payments and the cash flows expected to be collected. subsequent decreases to those expected cash flows require the company to evaluate the need for an additional allowance for credit losses and could lead to charge-offs of acquired loan balances. additional information regarding the company's process for determining the allowance for credit losses is included in note 5 of notes to financial statements.
the inherent base level loss components of the company's allowance for credit losses are generally determined by applying loss factors to specific loan balances based on loan type and management's classification of commercial loans and commercial real estate loans under the company's loan grading system. as previously described, loan officers are responsible for continually assigning grades to these loans based on standards outlined in the company's credit policy. internal loan grades are also extensively monitored by the company's credit department to ensure consistency and strict adherence to the prescribed standards. loan balances utilized in the inherent base level loss component computations exclude loans and leases for which specific allocations are maintained. loan grades are assigned loss component factors that reflect the company's loss estimate for each group of loans and leases. factors considered in assigning loan grades and loss component factors include borrower-specific information related to expected future cash flows and operating results, collateral values, financial condition, payment status, and other information; levels of and trends in portfolio charge-offs and recoveries; levels of and trends in portfolio delinquencies and impaired loans; changes in the risk profile of specific portfolios; trends in volume and terms of loans; effects of changes in credit concentrations; and observed trends and practices in the banking industry. in determining the allowance for credit losses, management also gives consideration to such factors as customer, industry and geographic concentrations, as well as national and local economic conditions, including: (i) the comparatively poorer economic conditions and unfavorable business climate in many market regions served by the company, including upstate new york and central pennsylvania, that result in such regions generally experiencing significantly poorer economic growth and vitality as compared with much of the rest of the country; (ii) portfolio concentrations regarding loan type, collateral type and geographic location, in particular the large concentrations of commercial real estate loans secured by properties in the new york city area and other areas of new york state; and (iii) risk associated with the company's portfolio of consumer loans, in particular automobile and recreational vehicle loans, which generally have higher rates of loss than other types of collateralized loans.
76
the inherent base level loss components related to residential real estate loans and consumer loans are generally determined by applying loss factors to portfolio balances after consideration of payment performance and recent loss experience and trends, which are mainly driven by current collateral values in the market place as well as the amount of loan defaults. loss rates for loans secured by residential real estate, including home equity loans and lines of credit, are determined by reference to recent charge-off history and are evaluated (and adjusted if deemed appropriate) through consideration of other factors as previously described.
in evaluating collateral, the company relies on internally and externally prepared valuations. residential real estate valuations are usually based on sales of comparable properties in the respective location. commercial real estate valuations also refer to sales of comparable properties but oftentimes are based on calculations that utilize many assumptions and, as a result, can be highly subjective. specifically, commercial real estate values can be significantly affected over relatively short periods of time by changes in business climate, economic conditions and interest rates, and, in many cases, the results of operations of businesses and other occupants of the real property. additionally, management is aware that there is oftentimes a delay in the recognition of credit quality changes in loans and, as a result, in changes to assigned loan grades due to time delays in the manifestation and reporting of underlying events that impact credit quality. accordingly, loss estimates derived from the inherent base level loss component computation are adjusted for current national and local economic conditions and trends. the federal reserve stated in december 2017 that the u.s. labor market has continued to strengthen and that economic activity has been rising at a solid rate. economic indicators in the most significant market regions served by the company also showed improvement in 2017. for example, in 2017, average private sector employment in areas served by the company was 1.6% above year-ago levels, but still trailed the 1.7% u.s. average growth rate. private sector employment increased 0.5% in upstate new york, 1.0% in areas of pennsylvania served by the company, 1.6% in new jersey, 2.0% in maryland, 2.0% in greater washington d.c. and 0.8% in the state of delaware. in new york city, private sector employment increased by 1.9% in 2017.
the specific loss components and the inherent base level loss components together comprise the total base level or "allocated" allowance for credit losses. such allocated portion of the allowance represents management's assessment of losses existing in specific larger balance loans that are reviewed in detail by management and pools of other loans that are not individually analyzed. in addition, the company has always provided an inherent unallocated portion of the allowance that is intended to recognize probable losses that are not otherwise identifiable. the inherent unallocated allowance includes management's subjective determination of amounts necessary for such things as the possible use of imprecise estimates in determining the allocated portion of the allowance and other risks associated with the company's loan portfolio which may not be specifically allocable.
a comparative allocation of the allowance for credit losses for each of the past five year-ends is presented in table 14. amounts were allocated to specific loan categories based on information available to management at the time of each year-end assessment and using the methodology described herein. variations in the allocation of the allowance by loan category as a percentage of those loans reflect changes in management's estimate of specific loss components and inherent base level loss components, including the impact of delinquencies and nonaccrual loans. as described in note 5 of notes to financial statements, loans considered impaired aggregated $760 million and $761 million at december 31, 2017 and december 31, 2016, respectively. the allocated portion of the allowance for credit losses related to impaired loans totaled $76 million at december 31, 2017 and $83 million at december 31, 2016. the unallocated portion of the allowance for credit losses was equal to .09% of gross loans outstanding at each of december 31, 2017 and 2016. considering the inherent imprecision in the many estimates used in the determination of the allocated portion of the allowance, management deliberately remained cautious and conservative in establishing the
77
overall allowance for credit losses. given the company's high concentration of real estate loans and considering the other factors already discussed herein, management considers the allocated and unallocated portions of the allowance for credit losses to be prudent and reasonable. furthermore, the company's allowance is general in nature and is available to absorb losses from any loan or lease category. additional information about the allowance for credit losses is included in note 5 of notes to financial statements.
table 14
allocation of the allowance for credit losses to loan categories december 31                        2017                     2016                     2015                     2014                     2013

(dollars in thousands)
commercial, financial, leasing, etc.              $328,599                 $330,833                 $300,404                 $288,038                 $273,383
real estate                                        439,490                  423,846                  399,069                  369,837                  403,634
consumer                                           170,809                  156,288                  178,320                  186,033                  164,644
unallocated                                         78,300                   78,030                   78,199                   75,654                   75,015
total                                           $1,017,198                 $988,997                 $955,992                 $919,562                 $916,676
as a percentage of gross loans and leases outstanding commercial, financial, leasing, etc.                  1.50   %                 1.45   %                 1.46   %                 1.47   %                 1.45   %
real estate                                            .83                      .75                      .72                     1.02                     1.15
consumer                                              1.29                     1.29                     1.54                     1.70                     1.60
management believes that the allowance for credit losses at december 31, 2017 appropriately reflected credit losses inherent in the portfolio as of that date. the allowance for credit losses was $1.0 billion or 1.16% of total loans and leases at december 31, 2017, compared with $989 million or 1.09% at december 31, 2016 and $956 million or 1.09% at december 31, 2015. the ratio of the allowance to total loans and leases at each respective year-end reflects the impact of loans obtained in acquisition transactions subsequent to 2008 that have been recorded at estimated fair value. as noted earlier, gaap prohibits any carry-over of an allowance for credit losses for acquired loans recorded at fair value. however, for loans acquired at a premium, gaap provides that an allowance for credit losses be recognized for incurred losses inherent in the portfolio. the increase in the ratio of the allowance to total loans and leases at december 31, 2017 as compared with december 31, 2016 and december 31, 2015 reflects the pay down of hudson city acquired residential real estate loans, which generally had lower ascribed loss factors, offset by an increase in automobile and recreational vehicle loans with higher ascribed loss factors. the level of the allowance reflects management's evaluation of the loan and lease portfolio using the methodology and considering the factors as described herein. should the various credit factors considered by management in establishing the allowance for credit losses change and should management's assessment of losses inherent in the loan portfolios also change, the level of the allowance as a percentage of loans could increase or decrease in future periods. the ratio of the allowance for credit losses to nonaccrual loans at the end of 2017, 2016 and 2015 was 115%, 107% and 120%, respectively. given the company's general position as a secured lender and its practice of charging-off loan balances when collection is deemed doubtful, that ratio and changes in that ratio are generally not an indicative measure of the adequacy of the company's allowance for credit losses, nor does management rely upon that ratio in
78
assessing the adequacy of the company's allowance for credit losses. the level of the allowance reflects management's evaluation of the loan and lease portfolio as of each respective date.
in establishing the allowance for credit losses, management follows the methodology described herein, including taking a conservative view of borrowers' abilities to repay loans. the establishment of the allowance is subjective and requires management to make many judgments about borrower, industry, regional and national economic health and performance. in order to present examples of the possible impact on the allowance from certain changes in credit quality factors, the company assumed the following scenarios for possible deterioration of credit quality:
•   for consumer loans and leases considered smaller balance homogenous loans and evaluated collectively, a 50 basis point increase in loss factors;

•   for residential real estate loans and home equity loans and lines of credit, also considered small balance homogenous loans and evaluated collectively, a 15% increase in estimated inherent losses; and

•   for commercial loans and commercial real estate loans, a migration of loans to lower-ranked risk grades resulting in a 30% increase in the balance of classified credits in each risk grade.

for possible improvement in credit quality factors, the scenarios assumed were:
•   for consumer loans and leases, a 20 basis point decrease in loss factors;

•   for residential real estate loans and home equity loans and lines of credit, a 10% decrease in estimated inherent losses; and

•   for commercial loans and commercial real estate loans, a migration of loans to higher-ranked risk grades resulting in a 5% decrease in the balance of classified credits in each risk grade.

the scenario analyses resulted in an additional $87 million that could be identifiable under the assumptions for credit deterioration, whereas under the assumptions for credit improvement a $29 million reduction could occur. these examples are only a few of numerous reasonably possible scenarios that could be utilized in assessing the sensitivity of the allowance for credit losses based on changes in assumptions and other factors.
the company had no concentrations of credit extended to any specific industry that exceeded 10% of total loans at december 31, 2017, however residential real estate loans comprised approximately 22% of the loan portfolio. outstanding loans to foreign borrowers aggregated $159 million at december 31, 2017, or .2% of total loans and leases.
other income other income totaled $1.85 billion in 2017, compared with $1.83 billion in each of 2016 and 2015. the rise in other income from 2016 to 2017 was largely attributable to higher trust income, merchant discount and credit card fees and service charges on deposit accounts, and lower losses associated with m&t's share of the operating losses of bayview lending group llc ("blg"). partially offsetting those improvements were a decline in mortgage banking revenues and lower gains on investment securities. as compared with 2015, the impact of gains realized on investment securities and higher trading account and foreign exchange gains in 2016 were offset by the impact of a $45 million gain recognized in 2015 on the sale of the company's trade processing business within the retirement services division. revenues and net income attributable to the sold business were not material to the company's consolidated results of operations in 2015.
mortgage banking revenues aggregated $364 million in 2017, $374 million in 2016 and $376 million in 2015. mortgage banking revenues are comprised of both residential and commercial mortgage banking activities. the company's involvement in commercial mortgage banking activities
79
includes the origination, sales and servicing of loans under the multifamily loan programs of fannie mae, freddie mac and the u.s. department of housing and urban development.
residential mortgage banking revenues, consisting of realized gains from sales of residential real estate loans and loan servicing rights, unrealized gains and losses on residential real estate loans held for sale and related commitments, residential real estate loan servicing fees, and other residential real estate loan-related fees and income, were $245 million in 2017, $255 million in 2016 and $281 million in 2015. the lower residential mortgage banking revenues in 2017 as compared with 2016 were the result of a decrease in gains from origination activities, reflecting a decline in origination volumes and a narrowing of the associated margins. the decline in such revenues from 2015 to 2016 predominantly reflects a decrease in revenues associated with servicing residential real estate loans for others.
new commitments to originate residential real estate loans to be sold declined 5% to approximately $3.0 billion in 2017 from $3.1 billion in 2016. such commitments aggregated $3.5 billion in 2015. realized gains from sales of residential real estate loans and loan servicing rights and recognized net unrealized gains or losses attributable to residential real estate loans held for sale, commitments to originate loans for sale and commitments to sell loans aggregated to gains of $60 million in 2017, $71 million in 2016 and $74 million in 2015.
loans held for sale that were secured by residential real estate aggregated $356 million and $414 million at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. commitments to sell residential real estate loans and commitments to originate residential real estate loans for sale at pre-determined rates totaled $595 million and $347 million, respectively, at december 31, 2017, $777 million and $479 million, respectively, at december 31, 2016 and $687 million and $489 million, respectively, at december 31, 2015. net recognized unrealized gains on residential real estate loans held for sale, commitments to sell loans and commitments to originate loans for sale were $10 million at december 31, 2017, $15 million at december 31, 2016 and $16 million at december 31, 2015. changes in such net unrealized gains are recorded in mortgage banking revenues and resulted in net decreases in revenue of $5 million in 2017 and $3 million in 2015. the aggregate impact of changes in net unrealized gains was less than $1 million in 2016.
revenues from servicing residential real estate loans for others were $185 million in 2017, $183 million in 2016 and $206 million in 2015. residential real estate loans serviced for others aggregated $79.2 billion at december 31, 2017, $53.2 billion a year earlier and $61.7 billion at december 31, 2015. reflected in residential real estate loans serviced for others were loans sub-serviced for others of $56.6 billion, $30.4 billion and $37.8 billion at december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. revenues earned for sub-servicing loans totaled $103 million in 2017, compared with $98 million in 2016 and $116 million in 2015. during 2017, the company acquired additional sub-servicing of residential real estate loans aggregating $35.6 billion of outstanding principal balances. the contractual servicing rights associated with loans sub-serviced by the company were predominantly held by affiliates of blg. information about the company's relationship with blg and its affiliates is included in note 24 of notes to financial statements.
capitalized servicing rights consist largely of servicing associated with loans sold by the company. capitalized residential mortgage servicing assets totaled $115 million at december 31, 2017, compared with $117 million and $118 million at december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. additional information about the company's capitalized residential mortgage servicing assets, including information about the calculation of estimated fair value, is presented in note 7 of notes to financial statements.
commercial mortgage banking revenues totaled $119 million in each of 2017 and 2016, compared with $95 million in 2015. included in such amounts were revenues from loan origination and sales activities of $66 million in 2017, $76 million in 2016 and $53 million in 2015. the changes in such revenues from year-to-year reflect changes in loan origination volumes. commercial real
80
estate loans originated for sale to other investors totaled approximately $2.5 billion in 2017, compared with $2.9 billion in 2016 and $2.0 billion in 2015. loan servicing revenues aggregated $53 million in 2017, $43 million in 2016 and $42 million in 2015. capitalized commercial mortgage servicing assets were $114 million at december 31, 2017, $104 million at december 31, 2016 and $84 million at december 31, 2015. commercial real estate loans serviced for other investors totaled $16.2 billion at december 31, 2017, $11.8 billion at december 31, 2016 and $11.0 billion at december 31, 2015, and included $3.3 billion, $2.8 billion and $2.5 billion, respectively, of loan balances for which investors had recourse to the company if such balances are ultimately uncollectible. commitments to sell commercial real estate loans and commitments to originate commercial real estate loans for sale aggregated $217 million and $195 million, respectively, at december 31, 2017, $713 million and $70 million, respectively, at december 31, 2016 and $96 million and $58 million, respectively, at december 31, 2015. commercial real estate loans held for sale were $22 million, $643 million and $39 million at december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. the higher balance at december 31, 2016 reflects loans originated later in the year that had not yet been delivered to investors.
service charges on deposit accounts totaled $427 million in 2017, compared with $419 million in 2016 and $421 million in 2015. the increase in service charges in 2017 as compared with 2016 reflects higher consumer and commercial service charges of $5 million and $3 million, respectively.
trust income includes fees related to two significant businesses. the institutional client services ("ics") business provides a variety of trustee, agency, investment management and administrative services for corporations and institutions, investment bankers, corporate tax, finance and legal executives, and other institutional clients who: (i) use capital markets financing structures; (ii) use independent trustees to hold retirement plan and other assets; and (iii) need investment and cash management services. the wealth advisory services ("was") business helps high net worth clients grow their wealth, protect it, and transfer it to their heirs. a comprehensive array of wealth management services are offered, including asset management, fiduciary services and family office services. trust income aggregated $501 million in 2017, compared with $472 million in 2016 and $471 million in 2015. revenues associated with the ics business were $254 million in 2017, $230 million in 2016 and $220 million in 2015. improvements in ics revenue in 2017 and 2016 as compared with the respective prior year reflect increased fees earned from money-market funds and stronger sales activities. retirement services income also rose in 2017 as a result of higher revenues resulting from growth in collective funds balances. revenues attributable to was totaled $222 million, $212 million and $218 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  the increased revenues in 2017 as compared with the earlier years reflect stronger sales activities and improved equity market performance. total trust assets, which include assets under management and assets under administration, totaled $241.5 billion at december 31, 2017, compared with $210.6 billion at december 31, 2016.  trust assets under management were $82.5 billion and $70.7 billion at december 31 2017 and 2016, respectively.  trust assets under management include the company's proprietary mutual funds' assets of $11.2 billion at december 31, 2017 and $10.9 billion at december 31, 2016. additional trust income from investment management activities was $25 million, $30 million and $33 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and relates to fees earned from retail customer investment accounts and from an affiliated investment manager. the decline in such revenues in 2017 reflects, in part, lower balances managed. assets managed by the affiliated manager totaled $6.7 billion and $7.3 billion at december 31, 2017 and december 31, 2016, respectively. the company's trust income from that affiliate was not material during 2017, 2016 or 2015.
81
brokerage services income, which includes revenues from the sale of mutual funds and annuities and securities brokerage fees, aggregated $61 million in 2017, $63 million in 2016 and $65 million in 2015. trading account and foreign exchange activity resulted in gains of $35 million in 2017, $41 million in 2016 and $31 million in 2015. the lower level of such gains in 2017 as compared with 2016 resulted largely from reduced activity related to interest rate swap transactions executed on behalf of commercial customers. as compared with 2015, the higher level of such gains in 2016 resulted largely from increased activity related to interest rate swap transactions executed on behalf of commercial customers and higher gains associated with foreign exchange activities. the company enters into interest rate and foreign exchange contracts with customers who need such services and concomitantly enters into offsetting trading positions with third parties to minimize the risks involved with these types of transactions. information about the notional amount of interest rate, foreign exchange and other contracts entered into by the company for trading account purposes is included in note 18 of notes to financial statements and herein under the heading "liquidity, market risk, and interest rate sensitivity."
the company realized net gains from sales of investment securities of $21 million in 2017 and $30 million in 2016. there were no significant gains or losses on investment securities in 2015. of the $21 million of net gains recognized during 2017, $18 million were associated with the sale of a portion of the company's fannie mae and freddie mac preferred stock holdings.  the preferred stock sold had an amortized cost basis (after previous other-than-temporary impairment write-downs) of approximately $3 million. during 2016, the company sold all of its collateralized debt obligations that had been held in the available-for-sale investment securities portfolio and that had been obtained through the acquisition of other banks. in total, securities with an amortized cost of $28 million were sold. divestiture of the majority of those securities would have been required in accordance with the provisions of the volcker rule. there were no other-than-temporary impairment losses on investment securities in 2017, 2016 or 2015. additional information about other-than-temporary impairment considerations is included herein under the heading "capital."
other revenues from operations aggregated $441 million in 2017, compared with $426 million in 2016 and $463 million in 2015. the increase in other revenues from operations in 2017 as compared with 2016 reflects lower losses from blg and higher merchant discount and credit card fees.  the decline from 2015 to 2016 was largely due to the $45 million gain from the sale of the trade processing business in 2015.
included in other revenues from operations were the following significant components. letter of credit and other credit-related fees totaled $123 million, $120 million and $134 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. the decrease from 2015 to 2016 was largely due to a decline in loan syndication fees. revenues from merchant discount and credit card fees were $120 million in 2017, $111 million in 2016 and $105 million in 2015. the continued trend of higher revenues since 2015 was largely attributable to increased transaction volumes related to merchant activity and usage of the company's credit card products. tax-exempt income earned from bank owned life insurance, which includes increases in the cash surrender value of life insurance policies and benefits received, aggregated $58 million in 2017, compared with $54 million in 2016 and $53 million in 2015.  the increase from 2016 to 2017 was due to higher proceeds received from death benefits. insurance-related sales commissions and other revenues totaled $43 million in each of 2017 and 2016, compared with $38 million in 2015. automated teller machine usage fees aggregated $15 million in 2017 and $14 million in each of 2016 and 2015. gains from sales of equipment previously leased to commercial customers were $6 million in 2017, $8 million in 2016 and $17 million in 2015.
m&t's share of the operating losses of blg recognized using the equity method of accounting and cash distributions received resulted in gains of less than $1 million in 2017, compared with losses of $11 million and $14 million in 2016 and 2015, respectively. those amounts are reflected in
82
"other revenues from operations." during the second quarter of 2017, the operating losses of blg resulted in m&t reducing the carrying value of its investment in blg to zero. during that quarter, m&t received a cash distribution from blg that resulted in the recognition of income by m&t. m&t expects cash distributions from blg in the future, but the timing and amount of those distributions cannot be estimated at this time. blg is entitled to receive distributions from affiliates that provide asset management and other services that are available for distribution to blg's owners, including m&t. the operating losses of blg in 2016 and 2015 reflect provisions for losses associated with securitized loans and other loans held by blg and loan servicing and other administrative costs. information about the company's relationship with blg and its affiliates is included in note 24 of notes to financial statements.
other expense other expense aggregated $3.14 billion in 2017, compared to $3.05 billion in 2016 and $2.82 billion in 2015. included in those amounts are expenses considered to be "nonoperating" in nature consisting of amortization of core deposit and other intangible assets of $31 million, $43 million and $26 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and merger-related expenses of $36 million and $76 million in 2016 and 2015, respectively. there were no merger-related expenses in 2017. exclusive of those nonoperating expenses, noninterest operating expenses aggregated $3.11 billion in 2017, $2.97 billion in 2016 and $2.72 billion in 2015. the most significant factors contributing to the increase in such expenses from 2016 to 2017 were higher legal-related and professional services expenses, increased salaries and employee benefit costs, and higher contributions to the m&t charitable foundation. the rise in noninterest operating expenses in 2016 as compared with 2015 was largely attributable to costs associated with the operations obtained in the hudson city acquisition, higher salaries and employee benefits expenses and increased fdic assessments.
salaries and employee benefits expense aggregated $1.65 billion in 2017, compared with $1.62 billion and $1.55 billion in 2016 and 2015, respectively. the higher level of expenses in 2017 reflects the impact of annual merit increases and higher incentive-based compensation costs. the higher level of expenses in 2016 as compared with 2015 reflects the full-year impact of the additional employees formerly associated with hudson city as well as annual merit increases and incentive compensation costs. there were $51 million of merger-related expenses included in salaries and employee benefits expense in 2015 predominantly related to severance for former hudson city employees. stock-based compensation totaled $61 million in 2017, compared with $65 million in 2016 and $67 million in 2015. the number of full-time equivalent employees were 16,456 and 16,593 at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, compared with 16,979 at december 31, 2015.
the company provides pension and other postretirement benefits (including a retirement savings plan) for its employees. expenses related to such benefits totaled $92 million in 2017, $94 million in 2016 and $100 million in 2015. the company sponsors both defined benefit and defined contribution pension plans. pension benefit expense for those plans was $51 million in 2017, $52 million in 2016 and $63 million in 2015. included in those amounts were $30 million in 2017, $25 million in 2016 and $23 million in 2015 for a defined contribution pension plan that the company began on january 1, 2006. the decrease in pension and other postretirement benefits expense in 2016 as compared to 2015 reflected a $15 million decrease in amortization of actuarial losses accumulated in the defined benefit pension plans.  the company made $200 million of voluntary contributions to the qualified defined benefit pension plan in 2017.  no contributions were required or made in 2016 or 2015.
the accounting guidance for defined benefit pension plans reflects the long-term nature of benefit obligations and the investment horizon of plan assets. amounts recorded in the financial statements reflect actuarial assumptions about participant benefits and plan asset returns. changes in actuarial assumptions and differences in actual plan experience compared with actuarial assumptions
83
are deferred and recognized in expense in future periods.  amortization of accumulated unrealized losses had the effect of increasing the company's pension expense by $29 million in 2017, $30 million in 2016 and $45 million in 2015.  information about the company's pension plans, including significant assumptions utilized in completing actuarial calculations for the plans, is included in note 12 of notes to financial statements.
the company also provides a retirement savings plan ("rsp") that is a defined contribution plan in which eligible employees of the company may defer up to 50% of qualified compensation via contributions to the plan. the company makes an employer matching contribution in an amount equal to 75% of an employee's contribution, up to 4.5% of the employee's qualified compensation. rsp expense totaled $38 million in 2017, $37 million in 2016 and $34 million in 2015.
excluding the nonoperating expense items already noted, nonpersonnel operating expenses were $1.46 billion in 2017, compared with $1.35 billion in 2016 and $1.22 billion in 2015. the rise in nonpersonnel operating expenses in 2017 as compared with 2016 was predominantly the result of higher legal-related and professional services costs, including $64 million of additions to the company's reserve for legal matters in 2017, and increased contributions to the m&t charitable foundation.  as previously noted, in 2017 wilmington trust corporation reached an agreement related to alleged conduct of that subsidiary prior to its acquisition by m&t. the increase in nonpersonnel operating expenses in 2016 as compared with 2015 was largely due to costs associated with the operations obtained in the hudson city acquisition and higher expenses for fdic assessments, advertising and marketing, partially offset by lower charitable contributions.
income taxes the provision for income taxes was $916 million in 2017, $743 million in 2016 and $595 million in 2015. the effective tax rates were 39.4% in 2017, 36.1% in 2016 and 35.5% in 2015. the increase in the effective rate in 2017 from 2016 primarily reflects the impact of the enactment of the tax act that was signed into law on december 22, 2017, reducing the corporate federal income tax rate from 35% to 21% effective january 1, 2018 and making other changes to u.s. corporate income tax laws.  gaap requires that the impact of the provisions of the tax act be accounted for in the period of enactment.  accordingly, the estimated incremental income tax expense recorded by the company in the fourth quarter of 2017 related to the tax act was $85 million.  that additional expense was largely attributable to the reduction in carrying value of net deferred tax assets reflecting lower future tax benefits resulting from the lower corporate tax rate.  the company also adopted new accounting guidance for share-based transactions during the first quarter of 2017. that guidance requires that all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies associated with share-based compensation be recognized as a component of income tax expense in the income statement. previously, tax effects resulting from changes in m&t's share price subsequent to the grant date were recorded through shareholders' equity at the time of vesting or exercise.  the adoption of the amended accounting guidance resulted in a $22 million reduction of income tax expense in 2017.   the october 2017 settlement between wilmington trust corporation and the u.s. attorney's office for the district of delaware resulted in a $44 million payment by wilmington trust corporation that is not deductible for income tax purposes, resulting in a higher effective tax rate in 2017. excluding the impact of the tax act, the change in accounting, and the non-deductible nature of the payment referred to above, the company's effective tax rate in 2017 would have been 36.0%.
84
the increase in the effective rate in 2016 from 2015 reflects the impact of generally recurring tax credits and other tax-exempt income being a smaller percentage of 2016's higher income before income taxes. income tax expense in 2015 reflected two largely offsetting items. the company attributed $11 million of non-deductible goodwill to the basis of the trade processing business sold in april 2015, which reduced the recorded gain, but did not result in an income tax benefit. during the fourth quarter of 2015, the provision for income taxes was reduced by $5 million to reflect technology research credits related to 2011 through 2014 that were accepted by the internal revenue service in december 2015.
the effective tax rate is affected by the level of income earned that is exempt from tax relative to the overall level of pre-tax income, the level of income allocated to the various state and local jurisdictions where the company operates, because tax rates differ among such jurisdictions, and the impact of any large but infrequently occurring items. the company's effective tax rate in future periods will also be affected by any change in income tax laws or regulations and interpretations of income tax regulations that differ from the company's interpretations by any of various tax authorities that may examine tax returns filed by m&t or any of its subsidiaries. information about amounts accrued for uncertain tax positions and a reconciliation of income tax expense to the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate to pre-tax income is provided in note 13 of notes to financial statements.
international activities assets and revenues associated with international activities represent less than 1% of the company's consolidated assets and revenues. international assets included $159 million and $292 million of loans to foreign borrowers at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. deposits in the company's office in the cayman islands aggregated $178 million at december 31, 2017 and $202 million at december 31, 2016. the company uses such deposits to facilitate customer demand and as an alternative to short-term borrowings when the costs of such deposits seem reasonable. loans at m&t bank's commercial banking office in ontario, canada included in the amount noted above as of december 31, 2017 and 2016 totaled $114 million and $133 million, respectively. deposits at that office were $45 million at december 31, 2017 and $50 million at december 31, 2016. the company also offers trust-related services in europe. revenues from providing such services during 2017, 2016 and 2015 were approximately $24 million, $25 million and $26 million, respectively.liquidity, market risk, and interest rate sensitivity as a financial intermediary, the company is exposed to various risks, including liquidity and market risk. liquidity refers to the company's ability to ensure that sufficient cash flow and liquid assets are available to satisfy current and future obligations, including demands for loans and deposit withdrawals, funding operating costs, and other corporate purposes. liquidity risk arises whenever the maturities of financial instruments included in assets and liabilities differ.
the most significant source of funding for the company is core deposits, which are generated from a large base of consumer, corporate and institutional customers. that customer base has, over the past several years, become more geographically diverse as a result of acquisitions and expansion of the company's businesses. nevertheless, the company faces competition in offering products and services from a large array of financial market participants, including banks, thrifts, mutual funds, securities dealers and others. core deposits financed 84% of the company's earning assets at december 31, 2017, compared with 83% at december 31, 2016 and 81% at december 31, 2015.
the company supplements funding provided through core deposits with various short-term and long-term wholesale borrowings, including federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase, brokered deposits, cayman islands office deposits and longer-term
85
borrowings. at december 31, 2017, m&t bank had short-term and long-term credit facilities with the fhlbs aggregating $20.2 billion. outstanding borrowings under fhlb credit facilities totaled $577 million and $1.2 billion at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. such borrowings were secured by loans and investment securities. m&t bank had an available line of credit with the federal reserve bank of new york that totaled approximately $12.0 billion at december 31, 2017. the amount of that line is dependent upon the balances of loans and securities pledged as collateral. there were no borrowings outstanding under such line of credit at december 31, 2017 or december 31, 2016. m&t bank has a bank note program whereby m&t bank may offer unsecured senior and subordinated notes. the outstanding senior notes issued under the program totaled $5.0 billion at december 31, 2017 and $5.2 billion at december 31, 2016. the proceeds from those borrowings have been predominantly utilized to purchase high-quality liquid assets that meet the requirements of the lcr. pursuant to the bank note program, during 2017 m&t bank issued senior notes consisting of $900 million that mature in 2022 and $750 million that mature in 2020, and subordinated notes of $500 million that mature in 2027. in january 2018 m&t bank issued an additional $1.0 billion of senior notes under the bank note program that mature in 2021.
from time to time, the company has issued subordinated capital notes and junior subordinated debentures associated with trust preferred securities to provide liquidity and enhance regulatory capital ratios. however, pursuant to the dodd-frank act, the company's junior subordinated debentures associated with trust preferred securities have been phased-out of the definition of tier 1 capital but, similar to other subordinated capital notes, are considered tier 2 capital and are includable in total regulatory capital. information about the company's borrowings is included in note 9 of notes to financial statements.
the company has informal and sometimes reciprocal sources of funding available through various arrangements for unsecured short-term borrowings from a wide group of banks and other financial institutions. short-term federal funds borrowings totaled $125 million and $112 million at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. in general, those borrowings were unsecured and matured on the next business day. in addition to satisfying customer demand, cayman islands office deposits may be used by the company as an alternative to short-term borrowings. cayman islands office deposits totaled $178 million and $202 million at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the company has also benefited from the placement of brokered deposits. the company has brokered savings and interest-bearing checking deposit accounts that aggregated $1.3 billion and $1.2 billion at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. brokered time deposits were not a significant source of funding as of those dates.
the company's ability to obtain funding from these other sources could be negatively impacted should the company experience a substantial deterioration in its financial condition or its debt ratings, or should the availability of short-term funding become restricted due to a disruption in the financial markets. the company attempts to quantify such credit-event risk by modeling scenarios that estimate the liquidity impact resulting from a short-term ratings downgrade over various grading levels. such impact is estimated by attempting to measure the effect on available unsecured lines of credit, available capacity from secured borrowing sources and securitizable assets. information about the credit ratings of m&t and m&t bank is presented in table 15. additional information regarding the terms and maturities of all of the company's short-term and long-term borrowings is provided in note 9 of notes to financial statements. in addition to deposits and borrowings, other sources of liquidity include maturities of investment securities and other earning assets, repayments of loans and investment securities, and cash generated from operations, such as fees collected for services.
86
table 15
debt ratings moody's    standard    fitch and poor's

m&amp;t bank corporation senior debt                a3        a-           a subordinated debt          a3        bbb+         a-
m&amp;t bank short-term deposits        prime-1   a-1          f1
long-term deposits         aa3       a            a+
senior debt                a3        a            a subordinated debt          a3        a-           a-
certain customers of the company obtain financing through the issuance of variable rate demand bonds ("vrdbs"). the vrdbs are generally enhanced by letters of credit provided by m&t bank. m&t bank oftentimes acts as remarketing agent for the vrdbs and, at its discretion, may from time-to-time own some of the vrdbs while such instruments are remarketed. when this occurs, the vrdbs are classified as trading account assets in the company's consolidated balance sheet. nevertheless, m&t bank is not contractually obligated to purchase the vrdbs. there were no vrdbs in the company's trading account at december 31, 2017, while the value of vrdbs in the company's trading account at december 31, 2016 totaled $30 million (all of which were remarketed in january 2017). the total amount of vrdbs outstanding backed by m&t bank letters of credit was $1.0 billion and $1.3 billion at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. m&t bank also serves as remarketing agent for most of those bonds.
table 16
maturity distribution of selected loans(a)
december 31, 2017                 demand                    2018                      2019 - 2022                 after 2022

(in thousands)
commercial, financial, etc.             $6,680,842                      $3,297,264                  $9,054,468                $1,222,500
real estate - construction                      39,300                   3,498,792                   4,070,790                   500,088
total                                   $6,720,142                      $6,796,056                 $13,125,258                $1,722,588
floating or adjustable interest rates                                                              $11,491,904                $1,127,247
fixed or predetermined interest rates                                                                1,633,354                   595,341
total                                                                                              $13,125,258                $1,722,588
(a)   the data do not include nonaccrual loans.

the company enters into contractual obligations in the normal course of business that require future cash payments. the contractual amounts and timing of those payments as of december 31, 2017 are summarized in table 17. off-balance sheet commitments to customers may impact liquidity, including commitments to extend credit, standby letters of credit, commercial letters of credit, financial guarantees and indemnification contracts, and commitments to sell real estate loans. because many of these commitments or contracts expire without being funded in whole or in part, the contract amounts
87
are not necessarily indicative of future cash flows. further discussion of these commitments is provided in note 21 of notes to financial statements. table 17 summarizes the company's other commitments as of december 31, 2017 and the timing of the expiration of such commitments.
table 17
contractual obligations and other commitments december 31, 2017           less than one               one to three              three to five                over five                   total year                      years                      years                      years

(in thousands)
payments due for contractual obligations time deposits                          $4,371,128                 $1,506,243                   $694,392                    $9,199                $6,580,962
deposits at cayman                        177,996                          -                          -                         -                   177,996
islands office short-term borrowings                     175,099                          -                          -                         -                   175,099
long-term borrowings                      701,256                  4,287,399                  1,390,917                 1,761,858                 8,141,430
operating leases                           92,824                    157,788                     96,638                    82,195                   429,445
other                                     125,916                    108,156                     25,077                    35,398                   294,547
total                                  $5,644,219                 $6,059,586                 $2,207,024                $1,888,650               $15,799,479
other commitments commitments to extend                 $10,430,283                 $6,166,719                 $4,312,025                $4,101,281               $25,010,308
credit standby letters of credit               1,613,555                    639,345                    220,572                    24,372                 2,497,844
commercial letters of                       9,965                        794                     35,980                         -                    46,739
credit financial guarantees and                   89,640                    395,180                    418,045                 2,531,516                 3,434,381
indemnification contracts commitments to sell real                  812,217                          -                          -                         -                   812,217
estate loans total                                 $12,955,660                 $7,202,038                 $4,986,622                $6,657,169               $31,801,489
m&t's primary source of funds to pay for operating expenses, shareholder dividends and treasury stock repurchases has historically been the receipt of dividends from its banking subsidiaries, which are subject to various regulatory limitations. dividends from any banking subsidiary to m&t are limited by the amount of earnings of the banking subsidiary in the current year and the two preceding years. for purposes of that test, at december 31, 2017 approximately $397 million was available for payment of dividends to m&t from banking subsidiaries. information regarding the long-term debt obligations of m&t is included in note 9 of notes to financial statements.
88
table 18
maturity and taxable-equivalent yield of investment securities december 31, 2017                        one year                  one to five                 five to ten                   over ten                     total or less                      years                       years                       years

(dollars in thousands)
investment securities available for sale(a)
u.s. treasury and federal agencies carrying value                                              $613,355                  $1,334,132                          $-                          $-                   $1,947,487
yield                                                            .93   %                    1.15   %                       -                           -                         1.08   %
obligations of states and political subdivisions carrying value                                                    60                       1,475                           -                       1,054                        2,589
yield                                                           8.49   %                    7.73   %                       -                        6.28   %                     7.15   %
mortgage-backed securities(b)
government issued or guaranteed carrying value                                               526,508                   2,242,117                   3,105,033                   2,842,734                    8,716,392
yield                                                           2.36   %                    2.37   %                    2.37   %                    2.29   %                     2.34   %
privately issued carrying value                                                     9                           3                           2                          14                           28
yield                                                           3.27   %                    4.57   %                    5.07   %                    5.07   %                     4.39   %
other debt securities carrying value                                                   451                       5,737                      72,580                      50,064                      128,832
yield                                                           3.23   %                    2.85   %                    2.88   %                    3.19   %                     3.01   %
equity securities carrying value                                                     -                           -                           -                           -                      100,956
yield                                                              -                           -                           -                           -                         1.11   %
total investment securities available for sale carrying value                                             1,140,383                   3,583,464                   3,177,615                   2,893,866                   10,896,284
yield                                                           1.59   %                    1.92   %                    2.38   %                    2.31   %                     2.12   %
investment securities held to maturity obligations of states and political subdivisions carrying value                                                14,622                       9,844                          96                           -                       24,562
yield                                                           5.42   %                    5.96   %                    6.76   %                       -                         5.64   %
mortgage-backed securities(b)
government issued or guaranteed carrying value                                               131,026                     568,983                     755,646                   1,732,298                    3,187,953
yield                                                           2.71   %                    2.71   %                    2.71   %                    2.70   %                     2.71   %
privately issued carrying value                                                 5,396                      22,216                      29,548                      78,528                      135,688
yield                                                           1.38   %                    1.39   %                    1.41   %                    2.24   %                     1.89   %
other debt securities carrying value                                                     -                           -                           -                       5,010                        5,010
yield                                                              -                           -                           -                        4.56   %                     4.56   %
total investment securities held to maturity carrying value                                               151,044                     601,043                     785,290                   1,815,836                    3,353,213
yield                                                           2.93   %                    2.72   %                    2.66   %                    2.69   %                     2.70   %
other investment securities                                        -                           -                           -                           -                      415,028
total investment securities carrying value                                            $1,291,427                  $4,184,507                  $3,962,905                  $4,709,702                  $14,664,525
yield                                                           1.74   %                    2.03   %                    2.44   %                    2.46   %                     2.19   %
(a)   investment securities available for sale are presented at estimated fair value. yields on such securities are based on amortized cost.

(b)   maturities are reflected based upon contractual payments due. actual maturities are expected to be significantly shorter as a result of loan repayments in the underlying mortgage pools.

89
table 19
maturity of domestic certificates of deposit and time deposits with balances of $100,000 or more december 31,

2017
(in thousands)
under 3 months                $582,191
3 to 6 months                  409,847
6 to 12 months                 479,884
over 12 months                 929,073
total                       $2,400,995
management closely monitors the company's liquidity position on an ongoing basis for compliance with internal policies and believes that available sources of liquidity are adequate to meet funding needs anticipated in the normal course of business. management does not anticipate engaging in any activities, either currently or in the long-term, for which adequate funding would not be available and would therefore result in a significant strain on liquidity at either m&t or its subsidiary banks. banking regulators have enacted the lcr rules requiring a banking company to maintain a minimum amount of liquid assets to withstand a standardized supervisory liquidity stress scenario. the company is in compliance with the requirements of those rules.
market risk is the risk of loss from adverse changes in the market prices and/or interest rates of the company's financial instruments. the primary market risk the company is exposed to is interest rate risk. interest rate risk arises from the company's core banking activities of lending and deposit-taking, because assets and liabilities reprice at different times and by different amounts as interest rates change. as a result, net interest income earned by the company is subject to the effects of changing interest rates. the company measures interest rate risk by calculating the variability of net interest income in future periods under various interest rate scenarios using projected balances for earning assets, interest-bearing liabilities and derivatives used to hedge interest rate risk. management's philosophy toward interest rate risk management is to limit the variability of net interest income. the balances of financial instruments used in the projections are based on expected growth from forecasted business opportunities, anticipated prepayments of loans and investment securities, and expected maturities of investment securities, loans and deposits. management uses a "value of equity" model to supplement the modeling technique described above. those supplemental analyses are based on discounted cash flows associated with on- and off-balance sheet financial instruments. such analyses are modeled to reflect changes in interest rates and provide management with a long-term interest rate risk metric. the company has entered into interest rate swap agreements to help manage exposure to interest rate risk. at december 31, 2017, the aggregate notional amount of interest rate swap agreements entered into for interest rate risk management purposes that were currently in effect was $7.4 billion. in addition, the company has entered into $2.0 billion of forward-starting interest rate swap agreements that will become effective as a like amount of currently effective swap agreements mature. information about interest rate swap agreements entered into for interest rate risk management purposes is included herein under the heading "net interest income/lending and funding activities" and in note 18 of notes to financial statements.
the company's asset-liability committee, which includes members of senior management, monitors the sensitivity of the company's net interest income to changes in interest rates with the aid
90
of a computer model that forecasts net interest income under different interest rate scenarios. in modeling changing interest rates, the company considers different yield curve shapes that consider both parallel (that is, simultaneous changes in interest rates at each point on the yield curve) and non-parallel (that is, allowing interest rates at points on the yield curve to vary by different amounts) shifts in the yield curve. in utilizing the model, projections of net interest income calculated under the varying interest rate scenarios are compared to a base interest rate scenario. the model considers the impact of ongoing lending and deposit-gathering activities, as well as interrelationships in the magnitude and timing of the repricing of financial instruments, including the effect of changing interest rates on expected prepayments and maturities. when deemed prudent, management has taken actions to mitigate exposure to interest rate risk through the use of on- or off-balance sheet financial instruments and intends to do so in the future. possible actions include, but are not limited to, changes in the pricing of loan and deposit products, modifying the composition of earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, and adding to, modifying or terminating existing interest rate swap agreements or other financial instruments used for interest rate risk management purposes.
table 20 displays as of december 31, 2017 and 2016 the estimated impact on net interest income in the base scenario resulting from parallel changes in interest rates across repricing categories during the first modeling year.
table 20
sensitivity of net interest income to changes in interest rates calculated increase (decrease)
in projected net interest income december 31

changes in interest rates   2017                          2016
(in thousands)
+200 basis points               $81,570                           $227,283
+100 basis points                        64,434                           147,400
-50 basis points                              -           (a)             (98,945   )
-100 basis points                       (94,014   )                             -       (a)
(a)the company did not analyze this scenario.
the company utilized many assumptions to calculate the impact that changes in interest rates may have on net interest income. the more significant of those assumptions included the rate of prepayments of mortgage-related assets, cash flows from derivative and other financial instruments held for non-trading purposes, loan and deposit volumes and pricing, and deposit maturities. in the scenarios presented, the company also assumed gradual increases and decreases in interest rates during a twelve-month period as compared with the base scenario. in the declining rate scenario, the rate changes may be limited to lesser amounts such that interest rates remain positive on all points of the yield curve. in 2016, the company suspended the -100 basis point scenario due to the persistent low level of interest rates. this scenario was reinstated in june 2017. the assumptions used in interest rate sensitivity modeling are inherently uncertain and, as a result, the company cannot precisely predict the impact of changes in interest rates on net interest income. actual results may differ significantly from those presented due to the timing, magnitude and frequency of changes in interest rates and changes in market conditions and interest rate differentials (spreads) between maturity/repricing categories, as well as any actions, such as those previously described, which management may take to counter such changes. given recent increases in short-term interest rates,
91
management believes that the likelihood of potential volatility of interest rates has increased. as a result, in 2017 management added interest rate swap agreements designated as hedging instruments to mitigate the company's exposure to such potential volatility. as previously noted, the company has also entered into interest rate floor agreements that are included in the trading account. such floor agreements provide the company with protection against the possibility of future declines in interest rates on its earning assets. in light of the uncertainties and assumptions associated with the process, the amounts presented in the table are not considered significant to the company's past or projected net interest income.
table 21 presents cumulative totals of net assets (liabilities) repricing on a contractual basis within the specified time frames, as adjusted for the impact of interest rate swap agreements entered into for interest rate risk management purposes. management believes that this measure does not appropriately depict interest rate risk since changes in interest rates do not necessarily affect all categories of earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities equally nor, as assumed in the table, on the contractual maturity or repricing date. furthermore, this static presentation of interest rate risk fails to consider the effect of ongoing lending and deposit gathering activities, projected changes in balance sheet composition or any subsequent interest rate risk management activities the company is likely to implement.
table 21
contractual repricing data december 31, 2017            three months                  four to twelve                    one to                       after                         total or less                         months                      five years                   five years

(dollars in thousands)
loans and leases, net        $51,842,785                             $6,054,727                   $16,871,871                  $13,219,600           $87,988,983
investment securities                    520,333                      1,328,986                     4,242,086                    8,573,120                    14,664,525
other earning assets                   5,131,215                            777                             -                            -                     5,131,992
total earning assets                  57,494,333                      7,384,490                    21,113,957                   21,792,720                   107,785,500
savings and interest-                 51,698,008                              -                             -                            -                    51,698,008
checking deposits time deposits                          1,727,540                      2,643,588                     2,200,635                        9,199                     6,580,962
deposits at cayman islands               177,996                              -                             -                            -                       177,996
office total interest-bearing                53,603,544                      2,643,588                     2,200,635                        9,199                    58,456,966
deposits short-term borrowings                    175,099                              -                             -                            -                       175,099
long-term borrowings                   2,129,940                        200,268                     4,519,396                    1,291,826                     8,141,430
total interest-bearing                55,908,583                      2,843,856                     6,720,031                    1,301,025                    66,773,495
liabilities interest rate swap                    (6,900,000   )                          -                     6,400,000                      500,000                             -
agreements periodic gap                 $(5,314,250           )                 $4,540,634                   $20,793,926                  $20,991,695
cumulative gap                        (5,314,250   )                   (773,616   )                20,020,310                   41,012,005
cumulative gap as a % of                    (4.9   )%                      (0.7   )%                     18.6   %                     38.0   %
total earning assets
92
changes in fair value of the company's financial instruments can also result from a lack of trading activity for similar instruments in the financial markets. that impact is most notable on the values assigned to some of the company's investment securities. information about the fair valuation of investment securities is presented herein under the heading "capital" and in notes 3 and 20 of notes to financial statements.
the company engages in limited trading account activities to meet the financial needs of customers and to fund the company's obligations under certain deferred compensation plans. financial instruments utilized for trading account activities consist predominantly of interest rate contracts, such as interest rate swap agreements, and forward and futures contracts related to foreign currencies. the company generally mitigates the foreign currency and interest rate risk associated with trading account activities by entering into offsetting trading positions that are also included in the trading account. the fair values of trading account positions associated with interest rate contracts and foreign currency and other option and futures contracts are presented in note 18 of notes to financial statements. the amounts of gross and net trading account positions, as well as the type of trading account activities conducted by the company, are subject to a well-defined series of potential loss exposure limits established by management and approved by m&t's board of directors. however, as with any non-government guaranteed financial instrument, the company is exposed to credit risk associated with counterparties to the company's trading account activities.
the notional amounts of interest rate contracts entered into for trading account purposes totaled $29.9 billion at december 31, 2017 and $21.6 billion at december 31, 2016. the notional amounts of foreign currency and other option and futures contracts entered into for trading account purposes were $530 million and $471 million at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. although the notional amounts of these contracts are not recorded in the consolidated balance sheet, the unsettled fair values of all financial instruments used for trading account activities are recorded in the consolidated balance sheet. the fair values of all trading account assets and liabilities were $133 million and $137 million, respectively, at december 31, 2017 and $324 million and $174 million, respectively, at december 31, 2016. effective january 2017, certain clearinghouse exchanges revised their rules to re-characterize required collateral postings for changes in fair value of exchange-traded derivatives as legal settlements of those positions. as a result, the fair value asset and liability amounts at december 31, 2017 have been reduced by contractual settlements of $136 million and $12 million, respectively. included in trading account assets at december 31, 2017 and 2016 were $23 million and $22 million, respectively, of assets related to deferred compensation plans. changes in the fair values of such assets are recorded as "trading account and foreign exchange gains" in the consolidated statement of income. included in "other liabilities" in the consolidated balance sheet at december 31, 2017 and 2016 were $27 million and $26 million, respectively, of liabilities related to deferred compensation plans. changes in the balances of such liabilities due to the valuation of allocated investment options to which the liabilities are indexed are recorded in "other costs of operations" in the consolidated statement of income. also included in trading account assets were investments in mutual funds and other assets that the company was required to hold under terms of certain non-qualified supplemental retirement and other benefit plans that were assumed by the company in various acquisitions. those assets totaled $24 million at each of december 31, 2017 and 2016.
given the company's policies, limits and positions, management believes that the potential loss exposure to the company resulting from market risk associated with trading account activities was not material, however, as previously noted, the company is exposed to credit risk associated with counterparties to transactions related to the company's trading account activities. additional information about the company's use of derivative financial instruments in its trading account activities is included in note 18 of notes to financial statements.
93
capital shareholders' equity was $16.3 billion at december 31, 2017 and represented 13.70% of total assets, compared with $16.5 billion or 13.35% at december 31, 2016 and $16.2 billion or 13.17% at december 31, 2015.
included in shareholders' equity was preferred stock with financial statement carrying values of $1.2 billion at december 31, 2017 and 2016.  on october 28, 2016, m&t issued 50,000 shares of series f perpetual fixed-to-floating rate non-cumulative preferred stock, par value $1.00 per share and liquidation preference of $10,000 per share. on december 15, 2016, m&t redeemed 50,000 shares of the series d fixed rate non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, par value $1.00 per share and liquidation preference of $10,000 per share, having received the approval of the federal reserve to redeem such shares after issuing the series f preferred stock. further information concerning m&t's preferred stock can be found in note 10 of notes to financial statements.
common shareholders' equity was $15.0 billion, or $100.03 per share, at december 31, 2017, compared with $15.3 billion, or $97.64 per share, at december 31, 2016 and $14.9 billion, or $93.60 per share, at december 31, 2015. tangible equity per common share, which excludes goodwill and core deposit and other intangible assets and applicable deferred tax balances, was $69.08 at december 31, 2017, compared with $67.85 and $64.28 at december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. the company's ratio of tangible common equity to tangible assets was 9.10% at december 31, 2017, compared with 8.92% and 8.69% at december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. reconciliations of total common shareholders' equity and tangible common equity and total assets and tangible assets as of december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 are presented in table 2. during 2017, 2016 and 2015, the ratio of average total shareholders' equity to average total assets was 13.48%, 13.21% and 13.00%, respectively. the ratio of average common shareholders' equity to average total assets was 12.46%, 12.16% and 11.79% in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
shareholders' equity reflects accumulated other comprehensive income or loss, which includes the net after-tax impact of unrealized gains or losses on investment securities classified as available for sale, unrealized losses on held-to-maturity securities for which an other-than-temporary impairment charge has been recognized, gains or losses associated with interest rate swap agreements designated as cash flow hedges, foreign currency translation adjustments and adjustments to reflect the funded status of defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans. net unrealized losses on investment securities reflected in shareholders' equity, net of applicable tax effect, were $44 million, or $.29 per common share, at december 31, 2017 and $16 million, or $.10 per common share, at december 31, 2016, compared with net unrealized gains of $48 million, or $.30 per common share, at december 31, 2015. changes in unrealized gains and losses on investment securities are predominantly reflective of the impact of changes in interest rates on the values of such securities. information about unrealized gains and losses as of december 31, 2017 and 2016 is included in note 3 of notes to financial statements.
reflected in the carrying amount of available-for-sale investment securities at december 31, 2017 were pre-tax effect unrealized gains of $85 million on securities with an amortized cost of $3.5 billion and pre-tax effect unrealized losses of $128 million on securities with an amortized cost of $7.4 billion.  information concerning the company's fair valuations of investment securities is provided in note 20 of notes to financial statements.
each reporting period the company reviews its investment securities for other-than-temporary impairment. for equity securities, the company considers various factors to determine if the decline in value is other than temporary, including the duration and extent of the decline in value, the factors contributing to the decline in fair value, including the financial condition of the issuer as well as the conditions of the industry in which it operates, and the prospects for a recovery in fair value of the equity security. for debt securities, the company analyzes the creditworthiness of the issuer or reviews the credit performance of the underlying collateral supporting the bond. for debt securities
94
backed by pools of loans, such as privately issued mortgage-backed securities, the company estimates the cash flows of the underlying loan collateral using forward-looking assumptions for default rates, loss severities and prepayment speeds. estimated collateral cash flows are then utilized to estimate bond-specific cash flows to determine the ultimate collectibility of the bond. if the present value of the cash flows indicates that the company should not expect to recover the entire amortized cost basis of a bond or if the company intends to sell the bond or it more likely than not will be required to sell the bond before recovery of its amortized cost basis, an other-than-temporary impairment loss is recognized. if an other-than-temporary impairment loss is deemed to have occurred, the investment security's cost basis is adjusted, as appropriate for the circumstances.
as of december 31, 2017, based on a review of each of the securities in the investment securities portfolio, the company concluded that the declines in the values of any securities containing an unrealized loss were temporary and that any additional other-than-temporary impairment charges were not appropriate. at december 31, 2017, the company did not intend to sell nor is it anticipated that it would be required to sell any of its impaired securities, that is, where fair value is less than the cost basis of the security. the company intends to continue to closely monitor the performance of its securities because changes in their underlying credit performance or other events could cause the cost basis of those securities to become other-than-temporarily impaired. however, because the unrealized losses on available-for-sale investment securities have generally already been reflected in the financial statement values for investment securities and shareholders' equity, any recognition of an other-than-temporary decline in value of those investment securities would not have a material effect on the company's consolidated financial condition. any other-than-temporary impairment charge related to held-to-maturity securities would result in reductions in the financial statement values for investment securities and shareholders' equity. additional information concerning fair value measurements and the company's approach to the classification of such measurements is included in note 20 of the notes to financial statements.
the company assessed impairment losses on privately issued mortgage-backed securities in the held-to-maturity portfolio by performing internal modeling to estimate bond-specific cash flows considering recent performance of the mortgage loan collateral and utilizing assumptions about future defaults and loss severity. these bond-specific cash flows also reflect the placement of the bond in the overall securitization structure and the remaining subordination levels. in total, at december 31, 2017 and 2016, the company had in its held-to-maturity portfolio privately issued mortgage-backed securities with an amortized cost basis of $136 million and $158 million, respectively, and a fair value of $111 million and $121 million, respectively. at december 31, 2017, 87% of the mortgage-backed securities were in the most senior tranche of the securitization structure with 21% being independently rated as investment grade. the mortgage-backed securities are generally collateralized by residential and small-balance commercial real estate loans originated between 2004 and 2008 and had a weighted-average credit enhancement of 17% at december 31, 2017, calculated by dividing the remaining unpaid principal balance of bonds subordinate to the bonds owned by the company plus any overcollateralization remaining in the securitization structure by the remaining unpaid principal balance of all bonds in the securitization structure. the weighted-average default percentage and loss severity assumptions utilized in the company's internal modeling were 33% and 61%, respectively. given the terms of the securitization structure, some of the bonds held by the company may defer interest payments in certain circumstances, but after considering the repayment structure and estimated future collateral cash flows of each individual senior and subordinate tranche bond, the company has concluded that as of december 31, 2017 those privately issued mortgage-backed securities were not other-than-temporarily impaired. nevertheless, it is possible that adverse changes in the future performance of mortgage loan collateral underlying such securities could impact the company's conclusions.
95
adjustments to reflect the funded status of defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans, net of applicable tax effect, reduced accumulated other comprehensive income by $305 million, or $2.03 per common share, at december 31, 2017, $273 million, or $1.75 per common share, at december 31, 2016 and $297 million, or $1.86 per common share, at december 31, 2015. information about the funded status of the company's pension and other postretirement benefit plans is included in note 12 of notes to financial statements.
as described herein under the heading "overview," m&t announced on june 28, 2017 that the federal reserve did not object to m&t's 2017 capital plan. furthermore, on july 18, 2017, m&t's board of directors authorized a new stock repurchase program to repurchase up to $900 million of shares of m&t's common stock subject to all applicable regulatory limitations, including those set forth in m&t's 2017 capital plan.  during 2017, in accordance with the 2017 and 2016 capital plans, m&t repurchased 7,369,105 common shares for $1.21 billion. the remaining amount of authorized common share repurchases pursuant to the 2017 capital plan at december 31, 2017 totaled $451 million and is expected to be repurchased during the first two quarters of 2018, along with the additional $745 million approved by m&t's board of directors on february 21, 2018. in 2016, m&t repurchased 5,607,595 common shares for $641 million.  m&t did not repurchase any shares of its common stock in 2015.
cash dividends declared on m&t's common stock totaled $457 million in 2017, compared with $442 million and $375 million in 2016 and 2015, respectively. dividends per common share totaled $3.00 in 2017, compared with $2.80 in each of 2016 and 2015. dividends of $73 million in 2017 and $81 million in each of 2016 and 2015 were declared on preferred stock in accordance with the terms of each series. the decline in preferred stock dividends in 2017 from the two immediately preceding years resulted from the lower dividend rate for the $500 million of series f preferred stock issued in october 2016 as compared with the like-amount of series d preferred stock that had been redeemed in december 2016.
m&t and its subsidiary banks are required to comply with applicable capital adequacy standards established by the federal banking agencies. pursuant to those regulations, the minimum capital ratios are as follows:
•   4.5% common equity tier 1 ("cet1") to risk-weighted assets (each as defined in the capital regulations);

•   6.0% tier 1 capital (that is, cet1 plus additional tier 1 capital) to risk-weighted assets (each as defined in the capital regulations);

•   8.0% total capital (that is, tier 1 capital plus tier 2 capital) to risk-weighted assets (each as defined in the capital regulations); and

•   4.0% tier 1 capital to average consolidated assets as reported on consolidated financial statements (known as the "leverage ratio"), as defined in the capital regulations.

in addition, capital regulations provide for the phase-in of a "capital conservation buffer" composed entirely of cet1 on top of these minimum risk-weighted asset ratios.  when fully phased-in on january 1, 2019 the capital conservation buffer will be 2.5%.  for 2017, the phase-in transition portion of that buffer was 1.25 %. the regulatory capital amounts and ratios of m&t and its bank subsidiaries as of december 31, 2017 are presented in note 23 of notes to financial statements. a detailed discussion of the regulatory capital rules is included in part i, item 1 of this form 10-k under the heading "capital requirements."
the company is subject to the comprehensive regulatory framework applicable to bank and financial holding companies and their subsidiaries, which includes regular examinations by a number of federal regulators. regulation of financial institutions such as m&t and its subsidiaries is intended primarily for the protection of depositors, the deposit insurance fund of the fdic and the banking and
96
financial system as a whole, and generally is not intended for the protection of shareholders, investors or creditors other than insured depositors. changes in laws, regulations and regulatory policies applicable to the company's operations can increase or decrease the cost of doing business, limit or expand permissible activities or affect the competitive environment in which the company operates, all of which could have a material effect on the business, financial condition or results of operations of the company and in m&t's ability to pay dividends. for additional information concerning this comprehensive regulatory framework, refer to part i, item 1 of this form 10-k.
fourth quarter results net income during the fourth quarter of 2017 was $322 million, compared with $331 million in the year-earlier quarter. diluted and basic earnings per common share were each $2.01 in 2017's final quarter, compared with diluted and basic earnings per common share of $1.98 in the corresponding 2016 quarter.  the annualized rates of return on average assets and average common shareholders' equity for the fourth quarter of 2017 were 1.06% and 8.03%, respectively, compared with 1.05% and 8.13%, respectively, in the final quarter of 2016.
net operating income during the fourth quarter of 2017 was $327 million, compared with $336 million in the similar 2016 quarter. diluted net operating earnings per common share were $2.04 and $2.01 in the fourth quarters of 2017 and 2016, respectively. the annualized net operating returns on average tangible assets and average tangible common equity in the last three months of 2017 were 1.12% and 11.77%, respectively, compared with 1.10% and 11.93%, respectively, in the like period of 2016. reconciliations of gaap results with non-gaap results for the quarterly periods of 2017 and 2016 are provided in table 23.
taxable-equivalent net interest income totaled $980 million in the final quarter of 2017, up 11% from $883 million recorded in the year-earlier period. that growth was attributable to a 48 basis point widening of net interest margin to 3.56% in the fourth quarter of 2017 from 3.08% in the year-earlier quarter. partially offsetting the favorable impact of the higher margin was a 4% decline in average earning assets from $114.3 billion in the fourth quarter of 2016 to $109.4 billion in the final 2017 quarter.  average commercial loan and lease balances were $21.6 billion in the recent quarter, down $375 million or 2% from $21.9 billion in the last quarter of 2016. average balances of commercial real estate loans aggregated $33.1 billion in the fourth quarter of 2017, $316 million or 1% higher than $32.8 billion in the year-earlier quarter. included in the commercial real estate loan portfolio were average balances of loans held for sale of $259 million in the final 2017 quarter, compared with $524 million in the year-earlier period. average residential real estate loan balances decreased $3.1 billion to $20.0 billion in 2017's fourth quarter from $23.1 billion in the similar quarter of 2016, reflecting ongoing repayments of loans obtained in the acquisition of hudson city.  included in the residential real estate loan portfolio were average balances of loans held for sale of $372 million and $410 million in the fourth quarters of 2017 and 2016, respectively. consumer loans averaged $13.2 billion in the final 2017 quarter, up $1.0 billion, or 9%, from the last three months of 2016. that increase resulted from higher average balances of automobile and recreational vehicle loans. total loans and leases at december 31, 2017 increased $64 million to $88.0 billion from $87.9 billion at september 30, 2017. higher commercial real estate and consumer loans were predominantly offset by lower residential real estate loans, reflecting ongoing repayments of loans obtained in the hudson city acquisition. the net interest spread widened in the fourth quarter of 2017 to 3.34%, up 46 basis points from 2.88% in the year-earlier quarter. the yield on earning assets in the final three months of 2017 was 3.93%, up 48 basis points from the corresponding 2016 quarter.  that rise reflects the impact of increases in short-term interest rates initiated by the federal reserve in mid-december 2016 and in 2017 that contributed to higher yields on loans and leases.  the rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities in the 2017's fourth quarter was .59%, up two basis points from .57% in the similar 2016 quarter. that
97
increase was largely due to higher rates paid on deposits.  the contribution of net interest-free funds to the company's net interest margin was .22% and .20% in the fourth quarters of 2017 and 2016, respectively. as a result, the company's net interest margin widened to 3.56% in the final quarter of 2017 from 3.08% in the corresponding 2016 period.
the provision for credit losses in the final quarter of 2017 was $31 million, compared with $62 million in the year-earlier period. net loan charge-offs were $27 million in the last three months of 2017, representing an annualized .12% of average loans and leases outstanding, compared with $49 million or .22% during the similar period of 2016. net charge-offs in the fourth quarters of 2017 and 2016 included: residential real estate loans of $2 million in 2017 and $5 million in 2016; net recoveries of previously charged-off commercial real estate loans of $4 million in 2017, compared with net charge-offs of $1 million in 2016; net charge-offs of commercial loans of $5 million in 2017 and $17 million in 2016; and net charge-offs of consumer loans of $25 million and $26 million  in 2017 and 2016, respectively. the net recoveries of commercial real estate loans in 2017's final quarter reflected $4 million of recoveries on a previously charged-off loan to a residential builder and developer. net charge-offs of commercial loans and leases in the fourth quarter of 2016 included a $12 million charge-off associated with a multi-regional manufacturer of refractory brick and other castable products.
other income aggregated $484 million in the fourth quarter of 2017, up 4% from $465 million in the year-earlier period. that improvement resulted predominantly from increased gains on bank investment securities and higher trust income.  an $18 million gain was recognized on the sale of a portion of the company's fannie mae and freddie mac preferred stock holdings in december 2017.  the $8 million increase in trust income was primarily the result of higher revenues in the ics business, reflecting increased fees earned from sales activities, and the was business, reflecting stronger sales activities and improved equity market performance.
other expense totaled $796 million during the fourth quarter of 2017, compared with $769 million in the year-earlier quarter. included in such amounts are expenses considered to be "nonoperating" in nature consisting of amortization of core deposit and other intangible assets of $7 million and $9 million during the quarters ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. exclusive of those nonoperating expenses, noninterest operating expenses were $789 million in the final 2017 quarter, compared with $760 million in the year-earlier quarter. that increase reflects higher contributions to the m&t charitable foundation in 2017 and increased expenses for salaries and employee benefits. the rise in salaries and employee benefits expenses in the last three months of 2017 as compared with the year-earlier period was largely attributable to the impact of annual merit increases. the company's efficiency ratio during the fourth quarters of 2017 and 2016 was 54.7% and 56.4%, respectively. table 23 includes a reconciliation of other expense to noninterest operating expense and the calculation of the efficiency ratio for each of the quarters of 2017 and 2016.
segment information in accordance with gaap, the company's reportable segments have been determined based upon its internal profitability reporting system, which is organized by strategic business unit. certain strategic business units have been combined for segment information reporting purposes where the nature of the products and services, the type of customer, and the distribution of those products and services are similar. the reportable segments are business banking, commercial banking, commercial real estate, discretionary portfolio, residential mortgage banking and retail banking.
the financial information of the company's segments was compiled utilizing the accounting policies described in note 22 of notes to financial statements. the management accounting policies
98
and processes utilized in compiling segment financial information are highly subjective and, unlike financial accounting, are not based on authoritative guidance similar to gaap. as a result, reported segments and the financial information of the reported segments are not necessarily comparable with similar information reported by other financial institutions.  furthermore, changes in management structure or allocation methodologies and procedures may result in changes in reported segment financial data.  during 2017, the company revised its funds transfer pricing allocation related to certain deposit categories.  accordingly, prior period financial information for 2016 and 2015 has been reclassified to provide segment information on a comparable basis. financial information about the company's segments is presented in note 22 of notes to financial statements.
the business banking segment provides a wide range of services to small businesses and professionals within markets served by the company through the company's branch network, business banking centers and other delivery channels such as telephone banking, internet banking and automated teller machines. services and products offered by this segment include various business loans and leases, including loans guaranteed by the small business administration, business credit cards, deposit products, and financial services such as cash management, payroll and direct deposit, merchant credit card and letters of credit. the business banking segment contributed net income of $116 million in 2017, up 12% from $104 million in 2016.  that improvement resulted from a $22 million increase in net interest income, reflecting a widening of the net interest margin, and higher merchant discount and credit card fees.  this segment recorded net income of $110 million in 2015.  the 5% decline in net income in 2016 as compared with 2015 was attributable to higher centrally-allocated costs largely associated with the acquired hudson city operations, an increase in fdic assessments of $3 million and higher personnel costs and advertising and marketing expenses of $2 million each, offset, in part, by a $15 million rise in net interest income and a $3 million decline in the provision for credit losses.  the growth in net interest income reflected an increase in average outstanding deposit balances of $986 million.
the commercial banking segment provides a wide range of credit products and banking services for middle-market and large commercial customers, mainly within the markets served by the company. services provided by this segment include commercial lending and leasing, letters of credit, deposit products, and cash management services.  the commercial banking segment recorded net income of $437 million in 2017, compared with $411 million in 2016.  that 6% improvement resulted from a $24 million increase in net interest income and a lower provision for credit losses of $23 million. those favorable factors were partially offset by higher allocated operating expenses associated with data processing, risk management and other support services provided to the commercial banking segment.   the increase in net interest income resulted from a widening of the net interest margin on deposits of 32 basis points and higher average outstanding loan balances of $961 million offset, in part, by a narrowing of the net interest margin on loans of 15 basis points. net income for the commercial banking segment totaled $431 million in 2015.  the 5% decline in net income from 2015 to 2016 reflects the following factors:  lower letter of credit and other credit-related fees of $15 million, largely due to loan syndication fees; higher fdic assessments of $13 million; an increase in the provision for credit losses of $10 million; lower gains on the sale of previously leased equipment of $9 million; an increase in personnel costs of $5 million; and higher allocated operating expenses associated with data processing, risk management and other support services provided to the commercial banking segment.  those unfavorable factors were largely offset by a $32 million rise in net interest income and a $4 million increase in corporate advisory fees.  the higher net interest income resulted from higher average outstanding loan and deposit balances of $1.4 billion and $794 million, respectively.
the commercial real estate segment provides credit and deposit services to its customers. real estate securing loans in this segment is generally located in new york state, maryland, new jersey, pennsylvania, delaware, connecticut, virginia, west virginia, the district of columbia and
99
the western portion of the united states.  commercial real estate loans may be secured by apartment/multifamily buildings; office, retail and industrial space; or other types of collateral. activities of this segment also include the origination, sales and servicing of commercial real estate loans through the fannie mae dus program and other programs.  commercial real estate loans held for sale are included in this segment.  net income for the commercial real estate segment was $364 million in 2017, up 4% from $350 million in 2016.  that improvement resulted from higher net interest income of $41 million and a lower provision for credit losses of $4 million, offset in part, by lower trading account and foreign exchange gains of $11 million, largely due to decreased volumes of interest rate swap transactions executed by commercial customers, and higher operating expenses.  the increase in net interest income was attributable to a $1.5 billion increase in average loan balances and a 38 basis point widening of the net interest margin on deposits, offset, in part, by a seven basis point narrowing of the net interest margin on loans.  this segment's net income increased 3% in 2016 from $341 million in 2015.  that improvement resulted from: a rise in net interest income of $30 million; higher mortgage banking revenues of $27 million, resulting from increased loan origination activities; and higher trading account and foreign exchange gains of $8 million, largely due to increased volumes of interest rate swap transactions executed by commercial customers.  those favorable factors were partially offset by increased fdic assessments of $14 million, a $10 million rise in personnel-related expenses, a $5 million increase in the provision for credit losses and higher allocated operating expenses associated with data processing, risk management and other support services provided to the commercial real estate segment.  the higher net interest income was attributable to a $2.3 billion increase in average loan balances and a 19 basis point widening of the net interest margin on deposits, offset, in part, by a 22 basis point narrowing of the net interest margin on loans.
the discretionary portfolio segment includes investment and trading account securities, residential real estate loans and other assets; short-term and long-term borrowed funds; brokered deposits; and cayman islands office deposits.  this segment also provides foreign exchange services to customers.  net income of the discretionary portfolio segment aggregated $135 million in 2017 and $164 million in 2016. the decline in net income in 2017 was due to a $69 million decrease in net interest income, reflecting a $3.5 billion decrease in average loan balances and a 10 basis point narrowing of the net interest margin on loans, and lower gains realized on investment securities. the decline in average loan balances resulted from ongoing repayments of loans obtained in the hudson city acquisition. those unfavorable factors were partially offset by lower loan and other real estate-related servicing costs.  the discretionary portfolio segment recorded net income of $59 million in 2015. the improved performance of this segment in 2016 as compared with 2015 was due to a $248 million rise in net interest income, which reflects the impact of residential real estate loans obtained in the acquisition of hudson city, and higher gains realized on investment securities.  those favorable factors were partially offset by increases of $25 million in the provision for credit losses and $16 million in fdic assessments, and higher loan and other real estate servicing costs.
the residential mortgage banking segment originates and services residential mortgage loans and sells substantially all of those loans in the secondary market to investors or to the discretionary portfolio segment.  in addition to the geographic regions served by or contiguous with the company's branch network, the company maintains mortgage loan origination offices in several western states.  the company periodically purchases the rights to service loans and also sub-services residential real estate loans for others. residential real estate loans held for sale are included in this segment.  the residential mortgage banking segment's net income declined 18% to $46 million in 2017 from $55 million in 2016.  that decline reflected lower revenues from mortgage origination and sales activities of $14 million and from servicing residential real estate loans of $6 million (each including intersegment revenues). partially offsetting those unfavorable factors were lower expenses associated with intersegment loan servicing.  net income for the residential mortgage banking
100
segment in 2016 was down 25% from $74 million in 2015.  that decline reflected lower revenues from servicing residential real estate loans for unaffiliated parties of $23 million and a $10 million decrease in net interest income offset, in part, by increased intersegment revenues.
the retail banking segment offers a variety of services to consumers through several delivery channels which include branch offices, automated teller machines, telephone, mobile and internet banking. the company has branch offices in new york state, maryland, new jersey, pennsylvania, delaware, connecticut, virginia, west virginia and the district of columbia. credit services offered by this segment include consumer installment loans, automobile and recreational vehicle loans (originated both directly and indirectly through dealers), home equity loans and lines of credit, and credit cards. the segment also offers to its customers deposit products, including demand, savings and time accounts; investment products, including mutual funds and annuities; and other services.  net income for the retail banking segment totaled $377 million in 2017, up 28% from $294 million in 2016.  that improvement was predominately due to an increase in net interest income of $103 million, a $13 million decrease in the provision for credit losses and lower personnel-related expenses of $7 million.  the higher net interest income was primarily due to a widening of the net interest margin on deposits of 34 basis points offset, in part, by lower average outstanding deposit balances of $3.4 billion reflecting net maturities of time deposits obtained in the hudson city acquisition. this segment's net income was up 2% in 2016 from $288 million in 2015.  the rise in net income 2016 as compared with 2015 reflected an increase in net interest income of $156 million, predominantly due to the impact of deposits obtained in the acquisition of hudson city. that benefit was largely offset by the following unfavorable factors:  a $47 million rise in the provision for credit losses, including partial charge-offs of $32 million recognized on loans for which the customer was either bankrupt or deceased; increases in expenses for personnel, equipment and net occupancy, and advertising and marketing of $45 million, $18 million and $11 million, respectively, that include the impact of the expanded operations associated with the acquisition of hudson city; higher fdic assessments of $10 million; and higher allocated operating expenses associated with data processing, risk management and other support services provided from centralized service areas.
the "all other" category reflects other activities of the company that are not directly attributable to the reported segments.  reflected in this category are the amortization of core deposit and other intangible assets resulting from the acquisitions of financial institutions, m&t's share of the operating results of blg, merger-related expenses resulting from acquisitions, and the net impact of the company's allocation methodologies for internal transfers for funding charges and credits associated with the earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities of the company's reportable segments and the provision for credit losses.  the "all other" category also includes trust income of the company that reflects the ics and was business activities.  the various components of the "all other" category resulted in net losses of $66 million, $64 million and $223 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. the modestly higher net loss in 2017 as compared with 2016 reflected the incremental income tax expense of $85 million recorded as a result of the enactment of the tax act, higher legal-related and professional services costs of $95 million, including additions to the reserve for legal matters, and an increase in personnel-related expenses. partially offsetting those unfavorable factors were: lower merger-related expenses of $36 million (there were no such expenses in 2017); higher trust income of $29 million in 2017; tax benefits of $22 million recognized in 2017 associated with the adoption of new accounting guidance requiring that excess tax benefits associated with share-based compensation be recognized in income tax expense in the income statement; and the favorable impact from the company's allocation methodologies. the improved performance in 2016 as compared with 2015 was predominantly due to the favorable impact from the company's allocation methodologies and a $61 million decrease in merger-related expenses associated with the
101
acquisition of hudson city.  reflected in 2015's results was the $45 million pre-tax gain related to the sale of the trade processing business within the retirement services division.
recent accounting developments a discussion of recent accounting developments is included in note 26 of notes to financial statements.
forward-looking statements management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations and other sections of this annual report contain forward-looking statements that are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the company's business, management's beliefs and assumptions made by management. forward-looking statements are typically identified by words such as "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "intend," "target," "estimate," "continue," "positions," "prospects" or "potential," by future conditional verbs such as "will," "would," "should," "could," or "may," or by variations of such words or by similar expressions. these statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions ("future factors") which are difficult to predict. therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in such forward-looking statements. forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and the company assumes no duty to update forward-looking statements.
future factors include changes in interest rates, spreads on earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, and interest rate sensitivity; prepayment speeds, loan originations, credit losses and market values of loans, collateral securing loans and other assets; sources of liquidity; common shares outstanding; common stock price volatility; fair value of and number of stock-based compensation awards to be issued in future periods; the impact of changes in market values on trust-related revenues; legislation and/or regulation affecting the financial services industry as a whole, and m&t and its subsidiaries individually or collectively, including tax legislation or regulation; regulatory supervision and oversight, including monetary policy and capital requirements; changes in accounting policies or procedures as may be required by the fasb or regulatory agencies; increasing price and product/service competition by competitors, including new entrants; rapid technological developments and changes; the ability to continue to introduce competitive new products and services on a timely, cost-effective basis; the mix of products/services; containing costs and expenses; governmental and public policy changes; protection and validity of intellectual property rights; reliance on large customers; technological, implementation and cost/financial risks in large, multi-year contracts; the outcome of pending and future litigation and governmental proceedings, including tax-related examinations and other matters; continued availability of financing; financial resources in the amounts, at the times and on the terms required to support m&t and its subsidiaries' future businesses; and material differences in the actual financial results of merger, acquisition and investment activities compared with m&t's initial expectations, including the full realization of anticipated cost savings and revenue enhancements.
these are representative of the future factors that could affect the outcome of the forward-looking statements. in addition, such statements could be affected by general industry and market conditions and growth rates, general economic and political conditions, either nationally or in the states in which m&t and its subsidiaries do business, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations, changes and trends in the securities markets, and other future factors.
102
table 22
quarterly trends
2017 quarters                                                                                2016 quarters

fourth                    third                   second                    first              fourth                  third                 second                  first earnings and dividends amounts in thousands, except per share interest income (taxable-equivalent basis)                     $1,083,146                1,066,038                1,039,149                1,014,032             990,284                976,240                977,143                979,166
interest expense                                                  102,689                  100,076                   92,213                   91,773             107,137                111,175                106,802                100,870
net interest income                                               980,457                  965,962                  946,936                  922,259             883,147                865,065                870,341                878,296
less: provision for credit losses                                  31,000                   30,000                   52,000                   55,000              62,000                 47,000                 32,000                 49,000
other income                                                      484,053                  459,429                  460,816                  446,845             465,459                491,350                448,254                420,933
less: other expense                                               795,813                  806,025                  750,635                  787,852             769,103                752,392                749,895                776,095
income before income taxes                                        637,697                  589,366                  605,117                  526,252             517,503                557,023                536,700                474,134
applicable income taxes                                           306,287                  224,615                  215,328                  169,326             179,549                200,314                194,147                169,274
taxable-equivalent adjustment                                       9,007                    8,828                    8,736                    7,999               7,383                  6,725                  6,522                  6,332
net income                                                       $322,403                  355,923                  381,053                  348,927             330,571                349,984                336,031                298,528
net income available to common shareholders-diluted              $302,486                  335,804                  360,662                  328,567             307,797                326,998                312,974                275,748
per common share data basic earnings                                                      $2.01                     2.22                     2.36                     2.13                1.98                   2.10                   1.98                   1.74
diluted earnings                                                     2.01                     2.21                     2.35                     2.12                1.98                   2.10                   1.98                   1.73
cash dividends                                                       $.75                      .75                      .75                      .75                 .70                    .70                    .70                    .70
average common shares outstanding basic                                                             150,063                  151,347                  152,857                  154,427             155,123                155,493                157,802                158,734
diluted                                                           150,348                  151,691                  153,276                  154,949             155,700                156,026                158,341                159,181
performance ratios, annualized return on average assets                                                       1.06      %              1.18      %              1.27      %              1.15   %            1.05      %            1.12      %            1.09      %             .97   %
average common shareholders' equity                                  8.03      %              8.89      %              9.67      %              8.89   %            8.13      %            8.68      %            8.38      %            7.44   %
net interest margin on average earning assets (taxable-              3.56      %              3.53      %              3.45      %              3.34   %            3.08      %            3.05      %            3.13      %            3.18   %
equivalent basis)
nonaccrual loans to total loans and leases, net of                   1.00      %               .99      %               .98      %              1.04   %            1.01      %             .93      %             .96      %            1.00   %
unearned discount net operating (tangible) results (a)
net operating income (in thousands)                              $326,664                  360,658                  385,974                  354,035             336,095                355,929                350,604                320,064
diluted net operating income per common share                        2.04                     2.24                     2.38                     2.15                2.01                   2.13                   2.07                   1.87
annualized return on average tangible assets                                              1.12      %              1.25      %              1.33      %              1.21   %            1.10      %            1.18      %            1.18      %            1.09   %
average tangible common shareholders' equity                        11.77      %             13.03      %             14.18      %             13.05   %           11.93      %           12.77      %           12.68      %           11.62   %
efficiency ratio (b)                                                54.65      %             56.00      %             52.74      %             56.93   %           56.42      %           55.92      %           55.06      %           57.00   %
balance sheet data in millions, except per share average balances total assets (c)                                                 $120,226                  119,515                  120,765                  122,978             125,734                124,725                123,706                123,252
total tangible assets (c)                                         115,584                  114,872                  116,117                  118,326             121,079                120,064                119,039                118,577
earning assets                                                    109,412                  108,642                  109,987                  112,008             114,254                112,864                111,872                111,211
investment securities                                              14,808                   15,443                   15,913                   15,999              15,417                 14,361                 14,914                 15,348
loans and leases, net of unearned discount                         87,837                   88,386                   89,268                   89,797              89,977                 88,732                 88,155                 87,584
deposits                                                           93,469                   93,134                   94,201                   96,300              96,914                 95,852                 94,033                 92,391
common shareholders' equity (c)                                    15,039                   15,069                   15,053                   15,091              15,181                 15,115                 15,145                 15,047
tangible common shareholders' equity (c)                           10,397                   10,426                   10,405                   10,439              10,526                 10,454                 10,478                 10,372
at end of quarter total assets (c)                                                 $118,593                  120,402                  120,897                  123,223             123,449                126,841                123,821                124,626
total tangible assets (c)                                         113,947                  115,761                  116,251                  118,573             118,797                122,183                119,157                119,955
earning assets                                                    107,786                  109,365                  109,976                  112,287             112,192                115,293                112,057                113,005
investment securities                                              14,665                   15,074                   15,816                   15,968              16,250                 14,734                 14,963                 15,467
loans and leases, net of unearned discount                         87,989                   87,925                   89,081                   89,313              90,853                 89,646                 88,522                 87,872
deposits                                                           92,432                   93,513                   93,541                   97,043              95,494                 98,137                 94,650                 94,215
common shareholders' equity, net of undeclared                     15,016                   15,083                   15,049                   14,978              15,252                 15,106                 15,237                 15,120
cumulative preferred dividends (c)
tangible common shareholders' equity (c)                           10,370                   10,442                   10,403                   10,328              10,600                 10,448                 10,573                 10,449
equity per common share                                            100.03                    99.70                    98.66                    97.40               97.64                  97.47                  96.49                  95.00
tangible equity per common share                                    69.08                    69.02                    68.20                    67.16               67.85                  67.42                  66.95                  65.65
market price per common share high                                                              $176.62                   166.85                   164.03                   173.72              158.35                 120.40                 121.11                 119.24
low                                                                155.77                   141.12                   147.55                   149.51              112.25                 111.13                 107.01                 100.08
closing                                                            170.99                   161.04                   161.95                   154.73              156.43                 116.10                 118.23                 111.00
(a)   excludes amortization and balances related to goodwill and core deposit and other intangible assets and merger-related expenses which, except in the calculation of the efficiency ratio, are net of applicable income tax effects. a reconciliation of net income and net operating income appears in table 23.

(b)   excludes impact of merger-related expenses and net securities transactions.

(c)   the difference between total assets and total tangible assets, and common shareholders' equity and tangible common shareholders' equity, represents goodwill, core deposit and other intangible assets, net of applicable deferred tax balances. a reconciliation of such balances appears in table 23.

103
table 23
reconciliation of quarterly gaap to non-gaap measures
2017 quarters                                                                                  2016 quarters

fourth                   third                   second                   first                fourth                   third                   second                   first income statement data (in thousands, except per share)
net income net income                                                      $322,403                 355,923                  381,053                 348,927               330,571                 349,984                  336,031                 298,528
amortization of core deposit and other intangible                  4,261                   4,735                    4,921                   5,108                 5,524                   5,945                    6,936                   7,488
assets (a)
merger-related expenses (a)                                            -                       -                        -                       -                     -                       -                    7,637                  14,048
net operating income                                            $326,664                 360,658                  385,974                 354,035               336,095                 355,929                  350,604                 320,064
earnings per common share diluted earnings per common share                                  $2.01                    2.21                     2.35                    2.12                  1.98                    2.10                     1.98                    1.73
amortization of core deposit and other intangible                    .03                     .03                      .03                     .03                   .03                     .03                      .04                     .05
assets (a)
merger-related expenses (a)                                            -                       -                        -                       -                     -                       -                      .05                     .09
diluted net operating earnings per common share                    $2.04                    2.24                     2.38                    2.15                  2.01                    2.13                     2.07                   $1.87
other expense other expense                                                   $795,813                 806,025                  750,635                 787,852               769,103                 752,392                  749,895                 776,095
amortization of core deposit and other                            (7,025   )              (7,808   )               (8,113   )              (8,420   )            (9,089   )              (9,787   )              (11,418   )             (12,319   )
intangible assets merger-related expenses                                                -                       -                        -                       -                     -                       -                  (12,593   )             (23,162   )
noninterest operating expense                                   $788,788                 798,217                  742,522                 779,432               760,014                 742,605                  725,884                 740,614
merger-related expenses salaries and employee benefits                                        $-                       -                        -                       -                     -                       -                       60                   5,274
equipment and net occupancy                                            -                       -                        -                       -                     -                       -                      339                     939
outside data processing and software                                   -                       -                        -                       -                     -                       -                      352                     715
advertising and marketing                                              -                       -                        -                       -                     -                       -                    6,327                   4,195
printing, postage and supplies                                         -                       -                        -                       -                     -                       -                      545                     937
other costs of operations                                              -                       -                        -                       -                     -                       -                    4,970                  11,102
total                                                                 $-                       -                        -                       -                     -                       -                   12,593                  23,162
efficiency ratio noninterest operating expense (numerator)                       $788,788                 798,217                  742,522                 779,432               760,014                 742,605                  725,884                 740,614
taxable-equivalent net interest income                           980,457                 965,962                  946,936                 922,259               883,147                 865,065                  870,341                 878,296
other income                                                     484,053                 459,429                  460,816                 446,845               465,459                 491,350                  448,254                 420,933
less: gain on bank investment securities                          21,296                       -                      (17   )                   -                 1,566                  28,480                      264                       4
denominator                                                   $1,443,214               1,425,391                1,407,769               1,369,104             1,347,040               1,327,935                1,318,331               1,299,225
efficiency ratio                                                   54.65   %               56.00   %                52.74   %               56.93   %             56.42   %               55.92   %                55.06   %               57.00   %
balance sheet data (in millions)
average assets average assets                                                  $120,226                 119,515                  120,765                 122,978               125,734                 124,725                  123,706                 123,252
goodwill                                                          (4,593   )              (4,593   )               (4,593   )              (4,593   )            (4,593   )              (4,593   )               (4,593   )              (4,593   )
core deposit and other intangible assets                             (75   )                 (82   )                  (90   )                 (98   )              (102   )                (112   )                 (122   )                (134   )
deferred taxes                                                        26                      32                       35                      39                    40                      44                       48                      52
average tangible assets                                         $115,584                 114,872                  116,117                 118,326               121,079                 120,064                  119,039                 118,577
average common equity average total equity                                             $16,271                  16,301                   16,285                  16,323                16,673                  16,347                   16,377                  16,279
preferred stock                                                   (1,232   )              (1,232   )               (1,232   )              (1,232   )            (1,492   )              (1,232   )               (1,232   )              (1,232   )
average common equity                                             15,039                  15,069                   15,053                  15,091                15,181                  15,115                   15,145                  15,047
goodwill                                                          (4,593   )              (4,593   )               (4,593   )              (4,593   )            (4,593   )              (4,593   )               (4,593   )              (4,593   )
core deposit and other intangible assets                             (75   )                 (82   )                  (90   )                 (98   )              (102   )                (112   )                 (122   )                (134   )
deferred taxes                                                        26                      32                       35                      39                    40                      44                       48                      52
average tangible common equity                                   $10,397                  10,426                   10,405                  10,439                10,526                  10,454                   10,478                  10,372
at end of quarter total assets total assets                                                     118,593                 120,402                  120,897                 123,223               123,449                 126,841                  123,821                 124,626
goodwill                                                          (4,593   )              (4,593   )               (4,593   )              (4,593   )            (4,593   )              (4,593   )               (4,593   )              (4,593   )
core deposit and other intangible assets                             (72   )                 (79   )                  (86   )                 (95   )               (98   )                (107   )                 (117   )                (128   )
deferred taxes                                                        19                      31                       33                      38                    39                      42                       46                      50
total tangible assets                                           $113,947                 115,761                  116,251                 118,573               118,797                 122,183                  119,157                 119,955
total common equity total equity                                                     $16,251                  16,318                   16,284                  16,213                16,487                  16,341                   16,472                  16,355
preferred stock                                                   (1,232   )              (1,232   )               (1,232   )              (1,232   )            (1,232   )              (1,232   )               (1,232   )              (1,232   )
undeclared dividends - cumulative preferred stock                     (3   )                  (3   )                   (3   )                  (3   )                (3   )                  (3   )                   (3   )                  (3   )
common equity, net of undeclared cumulative                       15,016                  15,083                   15,049                  14,978                15,252                  15,106                   15,237                  15,120
preferred dividends goodwill                                                          (4,593   )              (4,593   )               (4,593   )              (4,593   )            (4,593   )              (4,593   )               (4,593   )              (4,593   )
core deposit and other intangible assets                             (72   )                 (79   )                  (86   )                 (95   )               (98   )                (107   )                 (117   )                (128   )
deferred taxes                                                        19                      31                       33                      38                    39                      42                       46                      50
total tangible common equity                                     $10,370                  10,442                   10,403                  10,328                10,600                  10,448                   10,573                  10,449
(a)   after any related tax effect.

104
