item 1a. risk factors.
cautionary statement concerning forward‐looking statements this document, including "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition," and the documents incorporated by reference into this annual report on form 10-k, contain both historical and forward-looking statements. all statements other than statements of historical fact are, or may be deemed to be, forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934. these forward-looking statements are not based on historical facts, but rather reflect the company's current expectations concerning future results and events. these forward-looking statements generally can be identified by the use of statements that include phrases such as "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "intend," "plan," "foresee," "likely," "will," "may," "could," "estimate" or other similar words or phrases. similarly, statements that describe the company's objectives, plans or goals are or may be forward-looking statements. these forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that are difficult to predict and which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the company to be different from any future results, performance and achievements expressed or implied by these statements. more information about these risks, uncertainties and other factors is set forth below. additional risks, uncertainties and other factors may be described in the company's filings made under the securities laws. there may be additional risks, uncertainties and factors that the company does not currently view as material or that are not necessarily known. the forward-looking statements included in this document are only made as of the date of this document and the company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances.
i-16
risk factors for an enterprise as large and complex as the company, a wide range of factors could affect its business and financial results. the factors described below are considered to be the most significant. there may be other currently unknown or unpredictable economic, business, competitive, regulatory or other factors that could have material adverse effects on the company's future results. past financial performance may not be a reliable indicator of future performance and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future periods. the following discussion of risk factors should be read in conjunction with "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition" and the consolidated financial statements and related notes in "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this form 10-k.
the company's success and profitability are dependent upon audience acceptance of its content, including its television programs and motion pictures, which is difficult to predict television, motion picture and other content production and distribution are inherently risky businesses because the revenues derived from the production and distribution of such content, and the licensing of rights to the associated intellectual property, depend primarily upon their acceptance by the public, which is difficult to predict. the commercial success of a program or motion picture also depends upon the quality and acceptance of other competing programs and motion pictures released into the marketplace at or near the same time, the availability of alternative forms of entertainment and leisure time activities, general economic conditions and other tangible and intangible factors, all of which are difficult to predict. rating points are also factors that are weighed when determining the advertising rates that the company receives. the use of evolving ratings technologies and measurements, and viewership on platforms or devices, such as tablets, smart phones and other mobile devices, that is not being measured, could have an impact on the company's program ratings and advertising revenues. for example, while c-7, a current television industry ratings system, measures live commercial viewing plus seven days of digital video recorder ("dvr") and video-on-demand playback, the viewership occurring on subsequent days of dvr and video‐on‐demand playback and online and mobile viewership are excluded from c-7 and other subsequent ratings. also, consumer viewership of ott services continues to grow and is under measured. low ratings can lead to lower pricing and advertising spending. for example, there can be no assurance that any replacement programming on the company's television stations will generate the same level of revenues or profitability as previous programming. in addition, the success of the company's cable networks and simon & schuster is similarly dependent on audience acceptance of its programming and publications, respectively. the theatrical success of a motion picture, based in large part upon audience acceptance, is a significant factor in determining the revenues it is likely to generate in home entertainment sales, licensing fees and other exploitation during the various other distribution windows. consequently, low public acceptance of the company's content, including its television and ott programs, motion pictures and publications, will have an adverse effect on the company's results of operations. in addition, any decreased popularity of programming for which the company has incurred significant commitments could have an adverse effect on its profitability. programming and talent commitments of the company, estimated to aggregate approximately $10.41 billion as of december 31, 2017, primarily included $7.30 billion for sports programming rights, $2.44 billion relating to the production and licensing of television and film programming, and $672 million for talent contracts with $794 million of these amounts payable in and after 2023. a shortfall, now or in the future, in the expected popularity of the sports events for which the company has acquired rights, or in the programming the company expects to distribute, could lead to decreased profitability or losses for a significant period of time.
a decline in advertising expenditures could cause the company's revenues and operating results to decline significantly in any given period or in specific markets the company derives substantial revenues from the sale of advertising on its broadcast and basic cable networks, television stations, syndicated programming, and digital properties. a decline in the economic prospects of advertisers, the economy in general or the economy of any individual geographic market, particularly a major market, such as los angeles, new york or chicago, in which the company owns and operates sizeable businesses, could alter current or prospective advertisers' spending priorities. natural and other disasters, acts of terrorism, political uncertainty or i-17
hostilities could lead to a reduction in advertising expenditures as a result of disrupted programming and services, uninterrupted news coverage and economic uncertainty. advertising expenditures may also be affected by increasing competition for the leisure time of audiences. in addition, advertising expenditures by companies in certain sectors of the economy, including the automotive, financial and pharmaceutical segments, represent a significant portion of the company's advertising revenues. any political, economic, social or technological change resulting in a reduction in these sectors' advertising expenditures may adversely affect the company's revenue. advertisers' willingness to purchase advertising from the company may also be affected by a decline in audience ratings for the company's programming, the inability of the company to retain the rights to popular programming, increasing audience fragmentation caused by new program channels and the proliferation of media formats, including the internet and video‐on‐demand and the deployment of portable digital video devices and new technologies, which allow consumers to live stream and time shift programming, make and store digital copies and skip or fast‐forward through advertisements. in addition, the pricing and volume of advertising may be affected by shifts in spending toward digital and mobile offerings , which can deliver targeted advertising promptly, from more traditional media, or toward newer ways of purchasing advertising, such as through automated purchasing, dynamic advertising insertion, third parties selling local advertising spots and advertising exchanges, some or all of which may not be as beneficial to the company as traditional advertising methods. any reduction in advertising expenditures could have an adverse effect on the company's revenues and results of operations.
failure by the company to obtain, create and retain the rights related to popular programming could adversely affect the company's revenues the company's revenue from its television, cable networks, digital services and motion picture business is partially dependent on the company's continued ability to anticipate and adapt to changes in consumer tastes and behavior on a timely basis. moreover, the company derives a portion of its revenues from the exploitation of its extensive library of television programming. generally, a television series must have a network run of at least three or four years to be successfully sold in domestic syndication, however, increasingly, these time frames are being shortened. if the content of its television programming library ceases to be widely accepted by audiences or is not continuously replenished with popular content, the company's revenues could be adversely affected. the company obtains a significant portion of its popular programming from third parties. for example, some of cbs television network's most widely viewed broadcasts, including golf's masters tournament, the pga championship, nfl games, ncaa division i men's basketball tournament games, and series such as the big bang theory, are made available based upon programming rights of varying duration that the company has negotiated with third parties. in addition, showtime networks enters into commitments to acquire rights to certain programming for showtime, the movie channel and flix from motion picture producers and other suppliers for varying durations. cbs films competes for compelling source material for and the talent necessary to produce motion pictures, as well as with other buyers for the acquisition of third‐party produced motion pictures. competition for popular programming that is licensed from third parties is intense, and the company may be outbid by its competitors for the rights to new, popular programming or in connection with the renewal of popular programming currently licensed by the company. the company's failure to obtain or retain rights to popular content could adversely affect the company's revenues.
the company must respond to rapid changes in technology, content creation, services, standards and changes in consumer behavior in order to remain competitive video, telecommunications and data services technologies used in the entertainment industry are changing rapidly as are the digital publishing and distribution models for books. advances in technologies or alternative methods of product delivery or storage, including "cloud-based" dvr storage, or certain changes in consumer behavior driven by these or other technologies and methods of delivery and storage, could have a negative effect on the company's businesses. examples of the foregoing include the convergence of television broadcasts and online delivery of programming to televisions and other devices, video-on-demand platforms, tablets, new video and electronic book formats, user-generated content sites, internet and mobile distribution of video content via streaming and downloading, simultaneous live streaming of broadcast content, and place-shifting of content from the home to portable devices on which content is viewable outside the home. for example, devices that allow users to view television programs on a i-18
time-delayed basis; technologies, such as dvrs, that enable users to fast-forward or skip advertisements or increase the sharing of subscription content; systems that allow users to access copyrighted product of the company over the internet or other media; and portable digital devices and systems that enable users to view programming or store or make portable copies of programming, may cause changes in consumer behavior that could affect the attractiveness of the company's offerings to advertisers and adversely affect its revenues. also, the growing uses of antennas (and their integration with set-top boxes or other consumer devices) to access broadcast signals to avoid subscriptions, user-generated content sites and live and stored video streaming sites, which deliver unauthorized copies of copyrighted content, including those emanating from other countries in various languages, may adversely impact the company's businesses. in addition, further increases in the use of internet-connected television or other digital devices, which allow users to consume content on-demand and in remote locations while avoiding traditional commercial advertisements or subscription payments, could adversely affect the company's television broadcasting advertising and subscription revenues. users who reduce, cancel or never had cable television subscription services are also known as "cord-shavers," "cord-cutters" or "cord-nevers," respectively. cable providers and dbs operators are developing new techniques that allow them to transmit more channels on their existing equipment to highly targeted audiences, reducing the cost of creating channels and potentially leading to the division of the television marketplace into more specialized niche audiences. more television and video programming options increase competition for viewers and competitors targeting programming to narrowly defined audiences may gain an advantage over the company for television advertising and subscription revenues. television manufacturers, cable providers and others are developing and offering technology to enable viewers to locate digital copies of programming from the internet to view on television monitors or other devices, which could diminish viewership of the company's programming. generally, changing consumer behavior may impact the company's traditional distribution methods, for example, by reducing viewership of its programming (including motion pictures), the demand for dvd and blu-ray disc product and/or the desire to see motion pictures in theaters, which could have an adverse impact on the company's revenues and profitability. also, the impact of technological changes on traditional distributors of video programming may adversely affect the company's cable networks' ability to grow revenue. anticipating and adapting to changes in technology and the consumption of content on a timely basis and exploiting new sources of revenue from these changes will affect the company's ability to continue to increase its revenue.
piracy of the company's programming and other content, including digital piracy, may decrease revenue received from the exploitation of the company's programming and other content and adversely affect its businesses and profitability piracy of programming (including motion pictures), books and other copyrighted material is prevalent in many parts of the world and is made easier by the availability of digital copies of content, which facilitates the creation, transmission and sharing of high quality unauthorized copies of the company's content. technological advances, which facilitate the streaming of programming via the internet to television screens and other devices, may increase piracy. the proliferation of unauthorized access to content, including through unauthorized live streaming, streaming boxes programmed to seek pirated copies of content, the unauthorized premature release of content and unauthorized account sharing of subscription program services, has an adverse effect on the company's businesses and profitability because these unauthorized actions reduce the revenue that the company potentially could receive from the legitimate sale and distribution of its products and services. in addition, if piracy were to increase, it would have an adverse effect on the company's businesses and profitability. also, while legal protections exist, piracy and technological tools with which to carry it out continue to escalate, evolve and present challenges for enforcement. the company enforces its rights against entities that illegally secure and exhibit its content, including streaming the company's content without obtaining the consent of or paying compensation to the company. failure of legal protections to evolve and enable enhanced enforcement efforts to combat piracy could make it more difficult for the company to adequately protect its intellectual property, which could negatively impact its value and further increase the company's enforcement costs.
i-19
the company's businesses operate in highly competitive and consolidating industries the company competes with other media companies for high quality content to achieve large audiences and to generate advertising revenue. the company also competes for distribution on various mvpd and other third-party digital platforms. the company's ability to attract audiences and advertisers and obtain favorable distribution depends in part on its ability to provide popular programming, motion pictures and books and adapt to new technologies and distribution platforms. the consolidation of advertising agencies, distributors and television service providers also has increased their negotiating leverage and made competition for audiences, advertising revenue, and distribution more intense. in addition, consolidation among book retailers and the growth of online sales and electronic books sales have resulted in increased competition for limited physical shelf space for the company's publications and for the attention of consumers online. competition for audiences and advertising comes from: broadcast television stations and networks; cable television systems and networks; motion picture studios; the internet; non-traditional programming services; technological innovations in content distribution; terrestrial and satellite radio and portable devices; local, regional and national newspapers; direct mail; and other communications and advertising media that operate in these markets. other television stations or cable networks may change their formats or programming, a new station or new network may adopt a format to compete directly with the company's stations or networks, or stations or networks might engage in aggressive promotional campaigns. in book publishing, competition among electronic and print book retailers could decrease the prices for new releases and the outlets available for book sales. moreover, the growing use of self-publishing technologies by authors increases competition and could result in decreased use of traditional publishing services. this competition could result in lower ratings and advertising and subscription and other revenues or increased content costs and promotional and other expenses and, consequently, lower earnings and cash flow for the company. the company cannot be assured that it will be able to compete successfully in the future against existing, new or potential competitors, or that competition and consolidation in the marketplace will not have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition or results of operations.
the loss of affiliation agreements or retransmission agreements or renewals on less favorable terms could materially adversely affect the company's results of operations the cbs television network provides its affiliates with up to approximately 98 hours of regularly scheduled programming per week. in return, the cbs television network's affiliated stations broadcast network-inserted commercials during that programming and pay the company station affiliation fees. loss of station affiliation agreements of the cbs television network could adversely affect the company's results of operations by reducing the reach of the company's programming and therefore its attractiveness to advertisers, and renewal of these affiliation agreements on less favorable terms may also adversely affect the company's results of operations. also, consolidation among television station group owners could increase their negotiating leverage. the non-renewal or termination of retransmission agreements with mvpds or continued distribution on less favorable terms, could also adversely affect the company's revenues and its ability to distribute its network programming to a nationwide audience and affect the company's ability to sell advertising, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations. showtime networks, cbs sports network and smithsonian networks are also dependent upon the maintenance of distribution agreements with mvpds and other third-party digital platforms and there can be no assurance that these agreements will be renewed in the future on terms acceptable to such programmers. the loss of one or more of these arrangements could reduce the distribution of showtime networks', cbs sports network's and smithsonian networks' program services and reduce revenues from subscriber fees and advertising, as applicable. further, the loss of favorable packaging, positioning, pricing or other marketing opportunities with any distributor could reduce revenues from subscriber fees. also, consolidation among mvpds and increased vertical integration of such distributors into the cable or broadcast network business have provided more leverage to these distributors and could adversely affect the company's ability to maintain or obtain distribution for its network programming or distribution and/or marketing of its subscription program services on favorable or commercially reasonable terms, or at all. in addition, mvpds and digital streaming services continue to develop alternative offerings for consumers, including "skinny bundles," which are generally smaller than the traditional program package or may allow the consumer to customize its package of program services. to the extent these packages do not include the company's i-20
programming and become widely accepted in lieu of traditional program packages, the company could experience a decline in affiliate and subscription revenues.
the company's operating results are subject to seasonal variations and other factors the company's business has experienced and is expected to continue to experience seasonality due to, among other things, seasonal advertising patterns and seasonal influences, on people's viewing, reading, attendance and listening habits. typically, the company's revenue from advertising increases in the fourth quarter, simon & schuster generates a substantial portion of its revenues in the second half of the year, and license fees for television programming and cbs films' revenue from motion pictures are dependent on the commencement of a license period, mix, number and availability of the company's television programming and motion pictures, as applicable, which may cause operating results to increase or decrease during a period and create non-comparable results relative to the corresponding period in the prior year. in addition, advertising revenues in even-numbered years benefit from advertising placed by candidates for political offices. the effects of such seasonality make it difficult to estimate future operating results based on the previous results of any specific quarter and may adversely affect operating results.
breach of security measures regarding information systems could disrupt operations and damage the company's reputation and could materially adversely affect the company's businesses and results of operations network and information systems and other technologies are important to the company's business activities. despite the company's security measures and disaster recovery planning, network and information systems‐related events, such as computer compromises, cyber threats, security breaches, viruses, or other destructive or disruptive software, process breakdowns, employee or partner error or malicious or other activities, and power outages, terrorism, natural or other disasters could result in a disruption or degradation of the company's services and operations, damage to equipment and data, loss of viewers and customer or advertiser dissatisfaction. these events could also result in the improper disclosure or loss of personal data, confidential information, intellectual property or other proprietary information, including through third parties which receive any of such information on a confidential basis for business purposes and could be subject to any of these events, and damage the company's reputation and require the company to expend resources to remedy any such breaches. the occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on the company's business and results of operations.
economic conditions may adversely affect the company's businesses and customers the u.s. and other countries where the company operates experience slowdowns and volatilities in their economies from time to time. a downturn could lead to lower consumer and business spending for the company's products and services, particularly if customers, including advertisers, subscribers, licensees, retailers, theater operators and other consumers of the company's content offerings and services, reduce demands for the company's products and services. in addition, in unfavorable economic environments, the company's customers may have difficulties obtaining capital at adequate or historical levels to finance their ongoing business and operations and may face insolvency, all of which could impair their ability to make timely payments and continue operations, including distribution of the company's content. the company is unable to predict the duration and severity of weakened economic conditions and such conditions and resultant effects could adversely impact the company's businesses, operating results, and financial condition.
increased programming and content costs may adversely affect the company's profits the company produces and acquires programming (including motion pictures) and other content and incurs costs with respect to its content, including for all types of creative talent, including actors, authors, writers and producers, composers and publishers of music, as well as for marketing and distribution. an increase in any of these costs and i-21
increased competition from consolidated entities and new entrants with substantial resources into the market for the production and acquisition of new content may lead to decreased profitability.
volatility and weakness in capital markets may adversely affect credit availability and related financing costs for the company bank and capital markets can experience periods of volatility and disruption. if the disruption in these markets is prolonged, the company's ability to refinance, and the related cost of refinancing, some or all of its debt could be adversely affected. although the company can currently access the bank and capital markets, there is no assurance that such markets will continue to be a reliable source of financing for the company. in addition, the company's access to and cost of borrowing can be affected by the company's short- and long-term debt ratings assigned by ratings agencies. these factors, including the tightening of credit markets, or a decrease in the company's debt ratings, could adversely affect the company's ability to obtain cost‐effective financing.
changes in communications laws or other regulations may have an adverse effect on the company's business the television broadcasting and distribution industries in the u.s. are highly regulated by u.s. federal laws and regulations issued and administered by various federal agencies, including the fcc. the television broadcasting industry is subject to extensive regulation by the fcc under the communications act. for example, the company is required to obtain licenses from the fcc to operate its television stations. the company cannot be assured that the fcc will approve its future renewal applications or that the renewals will be for full terms or will not include conditions or qualifications. the non-renewal, or renewal with substantial conditions or modifications, of one or more of the company's licenses could have a material adverse effect on the company's revenues. the company must also comply with extensive fcc regulations and policies in the ownership and operation of its television stations and its television networks. fcc regulations prohibit the common ownership of more than one of the top four networks, abc, cbs, fox and nbc, and limit the number of television stations that a licensee can own in a market and the number of television stations that can be owned nationwide, which could restrict the company's ability to consummate future transactions and in certain circumstances could require it to divest some television stations. the u.s. congress and the fcc currently have under consideration, and may in the future adopt, new laws, regulations, and policies regarding a wide variety of matters that could, directly or indirectly, affect the operation and ownership of the company's television properties. for example, from time to time, proposals have been advanced in the u.s. congress and at the fcc to require television stations to provide advertising time to political candidates for free or at a reduced charge. any restrictions on political or other advertising may adversely affect the company's advertising revenues. changes to the media ownership and other fcc rules may affect the competitive landscape in ways that could increase the competition faced by the company. proposals have also been advanced from time to time before the u.s. congress and the fcc to extend the program access rules (currently applicable only to those cable program services which also own or are owned in whole or in part by cable distribution or telephone company systems) to all cable program services. the company's ability to obtain the most favorable terms available for its content could be adversely affected should such an extension be enacted into law. congress authorized the fcc to conduct voluntary auctions to reclaim spectrum utilized by broadcast television stations to provide additional spectrum for wireless broadband services. the television stations that will continue their operations after the auctions, which commenced in 2016 and concluded in march 2017, may have to change channels as the fcc "repacks" the remaining spectrum dedicated to broadcast television use. congress allocated funds that will at least partially reimburse the costs related to stations repacking. it is difficult to predict the outcome of the fcc's actions or their effect, if any, on the company's broadcasting properties. in addition, changes in or new interpretations of international laws and regulations governing the broadcast and distribution of content, competition and the internet, including those affecting data privacy, as well as proposed amendments to the law governing territorial exclusivity of the distribution of content in europe, may have an adverse impact on the company's international businesses and internet properties. the company is unable to predict the effect that any such laws, regulations or policies may have on its operations.
i-22
vigorous enforcement or enhancement of fcc indecency and other program content rules against the broadcast and cable industries could have an adverse effect on the company's businesses and results of operations the fcc's rules prohibit the broadcast of obscene material at any time and indecent or profane material on television stations between the hours of 6 a.m. and 10 p.m. broadcasters risk violating the prohibition against broadcasting indecent material because of the vagueness of the fcc's indecency/profanity definition, coupled with the spontaneity of live programming. the fcc enforces its indecency rules against the broadcasting industry. the fcc has found on a number of occasions that the content of television broadcasts has contained indecent material. in such instances, the fcc issued fines or advisory warnings to the offending licensees. moreover, the fcc has in some instances imposed separate fines for each allegedly indecent "utterance," in contrast with its previous policy, which generally considered all indecent words or phrases within a given program as constituting a single violation. the fines for broadcasting indecent material per station are a maximum of approximately $397,000 per utterance. if the fcc denied a license renewal or revoked the license for one of the company's television stations, the company would lose its authority to operate the station. the determination of whether content is indecent is inherently subjective and, as such, it can be difficult to predict whether particular content could violate indecency standards. the difficulty in predicting whether individual programs, words or phrases may violate the fcc's indecency rules adds significant uncertainty to the company's ability to comply with the rules. violation of indecency rules could lead to sanctions which may adversely affect the company's businesses and results of operations. some policymakers support the extension of the indecency rules that are applicable to over-the-air broadcasters to cover cable and satellite programming and/or attempts to increase enforcement of or otherwise expand existing laws and rules. if such an extension, attempt to increase enforcement or other expansion took place and were found to be constitutional, some of the company's cable content could be subject to additional regulation and might not be able to attract the same subscription and viewership levels.
the failure or destruction of satellites and transmitter facilities that the company depends upon to distribute its programming could materially adversely affect the company's businesses and results of operations the company uses satellite systems to transmit its broadcast and cable networks to affiliates. the distribution facilities include uplinks, communications satellites and downlinks. transmissions may be disrupted as a result of local disasters including extreme weather that impair on-ground uplinks or downlinks, or as a result of an impairment of a satellite. currently, there are a limited number of communications satellites available for the transmission of programming. if a disruption occurs, failure to secure alternate distribution facilities in a timely manner could have a material adverse effect on the company's businesses and results of operations. each of the company's television stations and cable networks uses studio and transmitter facilities that are subject to damage or destruction. failure to restore such facilities in a timely manner could have a material adverse effect on the company's businesses and results of operations.
the company could suffer losses due to asset impairment charges for goodwill, intangible assets, fcc licenses and programming the company will test goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, including fcc licenses, for impairment during the fourth quarter of each year and between annual tests if events or circumstances require an interim impairment assessment. a downward revision in the estimated fair value of a reporting unit or intangible assets, including fcc licenses, could result in a non-cash impairment charge. also, any significant shortfall, now or in the future, in the expected popularity of the programming for which the company has acquired rights could lead to a downward revision in the fair value of such assets. any such impairment charge for goodwill, intangible assets and/or programming could have a material adverse effect on the company's reported net earnings.
i-23
dividends and dividend rates cannot be guaranteed the company's board of directors assesses relevant factors when considering the declaration of a dividend on the company's common stock. the company cannot guarantee that it will continue to declare dividends, including at the same or similar rates.
the loss of key personnel, including talent, could disrupt the management or operations of the company's business and adversely affect its revenues the company's business depends upon the continued efforts, abilities and expertise of its chief executive officer and other key employees and entertainment personalities. the company believes that the unique combination of skills and experience possessed by its executive officers would be difficult to replace, and that the loss of its executive officers could have a material adverse effect on the company, including the impairment of the company's ability to execute its business strategy. while the company does not maintain a written succession plan with respect to chairman of the board, in accordance with the company's corporate governance guidelines, designated independent committees of the cbs board together periodically review succession planning for the position of chairman and report to the non-management directors of the cbs board. because approximately 79.5% of the voting shares are controlled by sumner redstone there can be no assurance now or in the future that he or the successors to the voting control may not seek to effect succession of the chairman; however, and in all cases, the board will elect the next chairman by a majority vote of the board. additionally, the company employs or independently contracts with several entertainment personalities and authors with significant loyal audiences or readership. entertainment personalities are sometimes significantly responsible for the ranking of a television station and, therefore, the ability of the station to sell advertising, and an author's popularity can be significantly responsible for the success of a particular book. the company's cable networks, cbs television studios and cbs television distribution produce programming and cbs films produces motion pictures with highly regarded directors, actors and other talent who are important to attracting and retaining audiences for their content. there can be no assurance that these entertainment personalities, authors and talent will remain with or be drawn to the company or will retain their current audiences or readership. if the company fails to retain or attract these entertainment personalities, authors and talent or they lose their current audiences or readership, the company's revenues could be adversely affected.
the company's liabilities related to discontinued operations and former businesses could adversely impact its financial condition the company has recognized and potential liabilities and costs related to discontinued operations and former businesses, certain of which are unrelated to the media business, including leases, guarantees, environmental liabilities, liabilities related to the pensions and medical expenses of retirees, asbestos liabilities, contractual disputes and other pending and threatened litigation. the company cannot be assured that its reserves are sufficient to cover these liabilities in their entirety or any one of these liabilities when it becomes due or at what point any of these liabilities may come due. therefore, there can be no assurances that these liabilities will not have a material adverse effect on the company's financial position, operating performance or cash flow.
the company could be adversely affected by strikes and other union activity the company and its suppliers engage the services of writers, directors, actors and other talent, trade employees and others who are subject to collective bargaining agreements. if the company or its suppliers are unable to renew expiring collective bargaining agreements, it is possible that the affected unions or others could take action in the form of strikes or work stoppages. such actions, higher costs in connection with these agreements or a significant labor dispute could adversely affect the company's television, cable networks, interactive and motion picture businesses by disrupting the company's ability to provide scheduled services and programming or by causing delays in the production of the company's programming or motion pictures. depending on its duration, any lockout, strike i-24
or work stoppage could have an adverse effect on the company's revenues, cash flows and/or operating income and/or the timing thereof.
fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and political and economic risks associated with the company's international businesses could harm the company's financial condition or results of operations the company's businesses operate and have customers worldwide. certain of the company's revenues are earned and expenses are incurred in foreign currencies. the value of these currencies fluctuates relative to the u.s. dollar. as a result, the company is exposed to exchange rate fluctuations, which could have an adverse effect on its results of operations. other inherent risks of doing business in international markets include changes in the economic environment, potentially adverse tax developments, export restrictions, exchange controls, tariffs and other trade and sanctions barriers, longer payment cycles, and changes in privacy and data protection laws. the company may incur substantial expense as a result of the imposition of new restrictions or changes in the existing economic environment in the regions where it does business. for example, the ongoing "brexit" processes to withdraw the u.k. from the european union, which is expected to occur in march 2019, may adversely affect economic and market conditions in the u.k. and other regions where the company conducts business and could contribute to volatility in foreign exchange markets. in addition, acts of terrorism or other hostilities, or other future financial, political, economic or other uncertainties, could lead to a reduction in advertising expenditures, which could materially adversely affect the company's business, financial condition or results of operations.
nai, through its voting control of the company, is in a position to control actions that require stockholder approval nai, through its direct and indirect ownership of the company's class a common stock, has voting control of the company. at december 31, 2017, nai directly or indirectly owned approximately 79.5% of the company's voting class a common stock, and approximately 10.2% of the company's class a common stock and non-voting class b common stock on a combined basis. mr. sumner m. redstone is the beneficial owner of the controlling interest in nai and, accordingly, beneficially owns all such shares. mr. redstone, the controlling stockholder, chairman of the board of directors and chief executive officer of nai, serves as chairman emeritus of the company's board of directors, and ms. shari redstone, the president and a director of nai, serves as vice chair of the company's board of directors. in addition, mr. david r. andelman is a director of nai and serves as a director of the company. nai is controlled by mr. redstone through the sumner m. redstone national amusements trust (the "smr trust"), which owns 80% of the voting interest of nai, and such voting interest of nai held by the smr trust is voted solely by mr. redstone until his incapacity or death. the smr trust provides that in the event of mr. redstone's death or incapacity, voting control of the nai voting interest held by the smr trust will pass to seven trustees, who will include cbs corporation directors ms. shari redstone and mr. david r. andelman. no member of the company's management is a trustee of the smr trust. nai is in a position to control the outcome of corporate actions that require stockholder approval, including the election of directors and transactions involving a change of control. other stockholders who may have different interests are unable to affect the outcome of the corporate actions of the company for so long as nai retains voting control.
sales of nai's shares of common stock could adversely affect the stock price at december 31, 2017, nai directly or indirectly owned approximately 79.5% of the company's voting class a common stock, and approximately 10.2% of the company's class a common stock and non-voting class b common stock on a combined basis.  based on information received from nai, nai has pledged to its lenders shares of the company's voting class a common stock and non-voting class b common stock owned directly or indirectly by nai.  the aggregate number of shares pledged by nai represents approximately 4.4% of the total outstanding shares of voting class a common stock and non-voting class b common stock, on a combined basis.  the amount of the company's voting class a common stock which nai directly or indirectly owns and which has not been pledged by nai to its lenders represents approximately 59.6% of the company's total voting class a common stock outstanding.  if there is a default on nai's debt obligations and the lenders foreclose on the collateral, the lenders i-25
cannot sell or transfer any pledged shares of the company's voting class a common stock, unless such shares are converted into shares of the company's non-voting class b common stock, and then such class b common stock could be sold, which sale could adversely affect the company's share price.  additionally, if the lenders foreclose on the pledged shares of voting class a common stock, nai will no longer directly or indirectly own those shares and such lenders would have voting rights in the company. in addition, there can be no assurance that nai or its subsidiaries at some future time will not sell or pledge additional shares of the company's stock, which could adversely affect the company's share price.
many factors may cause the stock price of the company's class a common stock and class b common stock to fluctuate the stock price of class a common stock and class b common stock may fluctuate significantly as a result of many factors. these factors, some or all of which are beyond the company's control, include: actual or anticipated fluctuations in the company's operating results; changes in expectations as to the company's future financial performance or changes in financial estimates of securities analysts; success of the company's operating and growth strategies; investor anticipation of strategic, technological or regulatory threats, whether or not warranted by actual events; operating and stock price performance of other comparable companies; and realization of any of the risks described in these risk factors. in addition, the stock market has experienced volatility that often has been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of particular companies. these broad market and industry fluctuations may adversely affect the trading prices of the company's common stock, regardless of the company's actual operating performance.
the businesses of the company and viacom inc. will be attributable to the other company for certain regulatory purposes, which may limit business opportunities so long as the company and viacom inc. are under common control, each company's businesses, as well as the businesses of any other commonly controlled company, will be attributable to the other company for purposes of certain rules and regulations of the fcc, u.s. and non-u.s. antitrust rules and regulations and certain rules regarding political campaign contributions in the u.s., among others potentially. the businesses of one company will continue to be attributable to the other company for certain fcc and other purposes even after the two companies cease to be commonly controlled, if the two companies share common officers, directors, or attributable stockholders. as a result, the businesses and conduct of viacom inc. may have the effect of limiting and affecting the activities, strategic business alternatives and business terms available to the company, including limitations to which the company contractually agreed in connection with the company's separation of former viacom inc. ("former viacom") into two publicly traded entities, cbs corporation and new viacom inc., which was completed on december 31, 2005 (the "separation").
in connection with the separation, each company will rely on the other company's performance under various agreements between the companies in connection with the separation, the company and viacom inc. entered into various agreements, including a separation agreement dated december 19, 2005, a tax matters agreement dated december 30, 2005, which are filed as exhibits to this report, and certain related party arrangements pursuant to which the company and viacom inc. will provide services and products to each other from and after the separation. the separation agreement sets forth the allocation of assets, liabilities, rights and obligations of the company and viacom inc. following the separation, and includes indemnification obligations for such liabilities and obligations. in addition, pursuant to the tax matters agreement, certain income tax liabilities and related responsibilities are allocated between, and indemnification obligations are assumed by, each of the company and viacom inc. each company will rely on the other to satisfy its performance and payment obligations under these agreements. certain of the liabilities to be assumed or indemnified by the company or viacom inc. under these agreements are legal or contractual liabilities of the other company. if viacom inc. were to breach or be unable to satisfy its material obligations under these agreements, including a failure to satisfy its indemnification obligations, the company could suffer operational difficulties or significant losses.
i-26
nai, certain directors and members of management may face actual or potential conflicts of interest nai has voting control of each of the company and viacom inc. mr. redstone, the controlling stockholder through the smr trust, chairman of the board of directors and chief executive officer of nai, serves as chairman emeritus of the company and chairman emeritus of viacom inc. ms. redstone, the president and a director of nai, serves as vice chair of the board of directors of each of the company and viacom inc. mr. david r. andelman is a director of nai and serves as a director of the company. this ownership overlap and these common directors could create, or appear to create, potential conflicts of interest when the company's and viacom inc.'s directors and controlling stockholder face decisions that could have different implications for the company and viacom inc. for example, potential conflicts of interest could arise in connection with the resolution of any dispute between the company and viacom inc. regarding the terms of the agreements governing the separation and the relationship between the company and viacom inc. thereafter. these agreements include the separation agreement, the tax matters agreement and any commercial agreements between the parties or their affiliates. on occasion, the company and viacom inc. may compete with each other in various commercial enterprises. potential conflicts of interest could also arise if the company and viacom inc. enter into any commercial arrangements with each other in the future. cbs corp.'s certificate of incorporation contains provisions related to corporate opportunities that may be of interest to both the company and viacom inc. cbs corp.'s certificate of incorporation provides that in the event that a director, officer or controlling stockholder of the company who is also a director, officer or controlling stockholder of viacom inc. acquires knowledge of a potential corporate opportunity for both the company and viacom inc., such director, officer or controlling stockholder may present such opportunity to the company or viacom inc. or both, as such director, officer or controlling stockholder deems appropriate in his or her sole discretion, and that by doing so such person will have satisfied his or her fiduciary duties to the company and its stockholders. in addition, cbs corp.'s certificate of incorporation provides that the company renounces any interest in any such opportunity presented to viacom inc. these provisions create the possibility that a corporate opportunity of one of such companies may be used for the benefit of the other company.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition.(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
management's discussion and analysis of the results of operations and financial condition of cbs corporation (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, unless the context otherwise requires, the "company" or "cbs corp.") should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes.
overview business overview and strategy the company operates businesses which span the media and entertainment industries, including the cbs television network, cable networks, content production and distribution, television stations, internet-based businesses, and consumer publishing. the company's principal strategy is to create and acquire premium content that is widely accepted by audiences and generate both advertising and non-advertising revenues from the distribution of this content on multiple media platforms and to various geographic locations. the company continues to increase its investment in premium content to enhance its opportunities for revenue growth, which include exhibiting the company's content on multiple digital platforms, including the company's owned digital streaming services as well as third-party live television streaming offerings; expanding the distribution of its content internationally; and securing compensation from multichannel video programming distributors ("mvpds") and television stations affiliated with the cbs television network. the company also seeks to grow its advertising revenues by monetizing all content viewership as industry measurements evolve to reflect viewers' changing habits. the company's continued ability to capitalize on these and other emerging opportunities will provide it with incremental advertising and non-advertising revenues.
operational highlights 2017 vs. 2016
consolidated results of operations                                                     increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                                     2017   2016                $                               %
gaap:
revenues                                             $13,692             $13,166       $526                      4     %
operating income                                      $2,423              $2,621       $(198       )            (8    )%
net earnings from continuing operations               $1,309              $1,552       $(243       )           (16    )%
net earnings                                            $357              $1,261       $(904       )           (72    )%
diluted eps from continuing operations                 $3.22               $3.46       $(.24       )            (7    )%
diluted eps                                             $.88               $2.81       $(1.93      )           (69    )%
non-gaap: (a)
adjusted operating income                             $2,819              $2,861       $(42        )            (1    )%
adjusted net earnings from continuing operations      $1,705              $1,663       $42                       3     %
adjusted net earnings                                 $1,791              $1,840       $(49        )            (3    )%
adjusted diluted eps from continuing operations        $4.19               $3.71       $.48                     13     %
adjusted diluted eps                                   $4.40               $4.11       $.29                      7     %
(a) see pages ii-7 and ii-8 for reconciliations of adjusted results to the most directly comparable financial measures in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states ("gaap").
for 2017, revenues grew 4% to an all-time high of $13.69 billion, led by strong growth from affiliate and subscription fee revenues, which increased 26%, driven by higher station affiliation fees and retransmission revenues; showtime networks' distribution of the floyd mayweather/conor mcgregor pay-per-view boxing event; and growth from new digital initiatives, including the company's owned streaming subscription services, cbs all access and the showtime digital streaming subscription service, and third-party live television streaming services. growth in content licensing and distribution revenues also contributed to the revenue increase, and was driven by higher licensing sales. these increases were partially offset by lower advertising revenues, mainly resulting from the benefit to 2016 from the broadcast of super bowl 50 on cbs and record political advertising sales during the 2016 presidential election cycle.
ii-4
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
operating income decreased 8% from 2016. comparability of operating income was impacted by several discrete items in 2017 and 2016, including charges for pension settlements and restructuring activities. adjusted operating income was down 1%, primarily due to a mix of lower-margin revenues in 2017 compared to 2016, as well as an increased investment in programming, which the company expects to monetize in the future across multiple platforms and geographic regions. net earnings from continuing operations decreased 16% due to the lower operating income as well as charges in 2017 resulting from the enactment of federal tax legislation and the early extinguishment of debt. adjusted net earnings from continuing operations increased 3%.
net earnings, which include the results of cbs radio inc. ("cbs radio") in discontinued operations, were $357 million in 2017 compared with $1.26 billion in 2016 and diluted earnings per share ("eps") was $.88 in 2017 compared with $2.81 in 2016. discontinued operations for 2017 includes a net loss of $105 million from the split-off of cbs radio and a market value adjustment of $980 million recorded prior to the split-off to reduce the carrying value of cbs radio to the value indicated by the stock valuation of entercom communications corp. ("entercom"). (see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements.) discontinued operations for 2016 includes an impairment charge at cbs radio of $444 million. adjusted net earnings decreased 3% and adjusted diluted eps grew 7% to $4.40. diluted eps benefited from lower weighted average shares outstanding as a result of the shares retired as a result of the split-off of cbs radio and the company's share repurchase program. adjusted net earnings and adjusted diluted eps are non-gaap financial measures. see pages ii-7 and ii-8 for details of the discrete items excluded from financial results, and reconciliations of adjusted results to the most directly comparable financial measures in accordance with gaap.
the company generated operating cash flow from continuing operations of $793 million in 2017, which included discretionary pension contributions of $600 million to prefund the company's qualified pension plans, compared with $1.45 billion in 2016. free cash flow was $989 million for 2017 compared with $1.26 billion for 2016. these decreases were impacted by a decline in advertising revenues including from the benefit in 2016 from cbs's broadcast of super bowl 50, and an increased investment in internally-produced television programming, partially offset by higher affiliate and subscription fee revenues. free cash flow is a non-gaap financial measure. see "free cash flow" on pages ii-33 and ii-34 for a reconciliation of net cash flow provided by (used for) operating activities, the most directly comparable financial measure in accordance with gaap, to free cash flow.
recent developments special committee to evaluate potential combination with viacom inc.
on february 1, 2018, the company announced that its board of directors established a special committee of independent directors to evaluate a potential combination with viacom inc. there can be no assurance that this process will result in a transaction or on what terms any transaction may occur.
pension settlement during the fourth quarter of 2017, the company purchased a group annuity contract under which an insurance company has permanently assumed the company's obligation to pay and administer pension benefits to certain of the company's pension plan participants, or their designated beneficiaries, who had been receiving pension benefits. the purchase of this group annuity contract was funded with pension plan assets. as a result, the company's outstanding pension benefit obligation was reduced by approximately $800 million, representing approximately 20% of the total obligations of the company's qualified pension plans. in connection with this transaction, the company recorded a settlement charge of $352 million in the fourth quarter of 2017, reflecting the accelerated recognition of a portion of unamortized actuarial losses in the plan. additionally, during 2017, the company made discretionary contributions totaling $600 million to prefund its qualified pension plans.
ii-5
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
federal tax reform on december 22, 2017, the u.s. government enacted tax legislation containing significant changes to u.s. federal tax law (the "tax reform act"), including a reduction in the federal corporate tax rate from 35% to 21% and a one-time transition tax on cumulative foreign earnings and profits. the company recorded a net provisional charge of $129 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, reflecting an estimated tax impact of $407 million on the company's historical accumulated foreign earnings and profits, partially offset by an estimated benefit of $278 million to adjust the company's deferred income tax balances as a result of the reduced corporate income tax rate.
the final impacts of the tax reform act may differ materially from the current estimates since all of the necessary information was not available, prepared or analyzed in sufficient detail to complete the assessment of the tax reform act. in addition, future interpretive guidance issued by federal and state tax authorities may impact the provisional amount. the company will complete its analysis of this provisional amount and finalize and record any adjustments to its estimates within one year from the enactment of the tax reform act.
cbs radio separation on november 16, 2017, the company completed the split-off of cbs radio through an exchange offer, in which the company accepted 17.9 million shares of cbs corp. class b common stock from its stockholders in exchange for the 101.4 million shares of cbs radio common stock that it owned. immediately following the exchange offer, each share of cbs radio common stock was converted into one share of entercom class a common stock upon completion of the merger of cbs radio with entercom.
share repurchases the following is a summary of the company's purchases of its class b common stock during the year ended december 31, 2017:
total number of shares (in millions)   average price per share            dollar value of shares repurchased           remaining authorization share repurchase program                                    16.2                                       $64.70                                   $1,050                            $3,057
shares retired in split-off of cbs radio                    17.9                                       $56.40                                    1,007
total                                                       34.1                                       $60.35                                   $2,057
dividends increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,   2017              2016              $                       %
dividends per share              $.72              $.66       $.06              9           %
total dividends                  $289              $294       $(5         )           (2    )%
debt during 2017, the company issued a total of $1.80 billion of senior debt at interest rates between 2.50% and 3.70%. the proceeds of these issuances were used to repay $400 million of senior notes which matured in july 2017 and to early redeem a total of $800 million of senior debt with interest rates of 4.625% and 5.75%. the remaining proceeds were used for general corporate purposes, including discretionary contributions to the company's qualified pension plans and the repayment of short-term borrowings, including commercial paper. the redemptions resulted in a loss on early extinguishment of debt of $49 million ($31 million, net of tax) for 2017.
ii-6
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
reconciliation of non-gaap measures results for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016 included discrete items that were not part of the normal course of operations. the following tables present non-gaap financial measures, which exclude the impact of these discrete items, reconciled to the most directly comparable financial measures in accordance with gaap. the company believes that presenting its financial results adjusted for the impact of discrete items is relevant and useful for investors because it allows investors to view performance in a manner similar to the method used by the company's management and provides a clearer perspective on the underlying performance of the company.
year ended december 31,                                           2017                2016
operating income                                            $2,423              $2,621
discrete items:
pension settlement charges                                     352                 211
restructuring and merger and acquisition-related costs          63                  38
other operating items, net (a)                                 (19   )              (9   )
adjusted operating income                                   $2,819              $2,861
net earnings from continuing operations       diluted eps from continuing operations (f)
year ended december 31,                                                                                                                  2017                            2016   2017                           2016
reported (gaap)                                                                                                                $1,309                          $1,552               $3.22                               $3.46
discrete items:
pension settlement charges (net of a tax benefit of $115 million in 2017 and $81 million in 2016)                                 237                             130           .58                            .29
restructuring and merger and acquisition-related costs                                                                             39                              23           .10                            .05
(net of a tax benefit of $24 million in 2017 and $15 million in 2016)
other operating items, net (net of a tax benefit of $4 million in 2017 and a tax provision of $4 million in 2016) (a)             (23       )                      (5       )       (.06              )                 (.01              )
loss on early extinguishment of debt (net of a tax benefit of $18 million)                                                         31                               -           .08                                     -
write-down of investments (net of a tax benefit of $3 million in 2017) (b)                                                          5                              10           .01                            .02
federal tax reform (c)                                                                                                            129                               -           .32                                     -
tax items (d)                                                                                                                     (22       )                     (47       )       (.05              )                 (.10              )
adjusted (non-gaap)                                                                                                            $1,705                          $1,663               $4.19                               $3.71
ii-7
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
net earnings       diluted eps (f)
year ended december 31,                                                                                                          2017                2016   2017               2016
reported (gaap)                                                                                                              $357              $1,261           $.88                $2.81
discrete items:
pension settlement charges (net of a tax benefit of $115 million in 2017 and $81 million in 2016)                             237                 130       .58                .29
restructuring and merger and acquisition-related costs                                                                         39                  23       .10                .05
(net of a tax benefit of $24 million in 2017 and $15 million in 2016)
other operating items, net (net of a tax benefit of $4 million in 2017 and a tax provision of $4 million in 2016) (a)         (23   )              (5   )       (.06      )         (.01      )
loss on early extinguishment of debt (net of a tax benefit of $18 million)                                                     31                   -       .08                     -
write-down of investments (net of a tax benefit of $3 million in 2017) (b)                                                      5                  10       .01                .02
federal tax reform (c)                                                                                                        129                   -       .32                     -
tax items (d)                                                                                                                 (64   )             (11   )       (.16      )         (.02      )
discontinued operations items (e)                                                                                           1,080                 432       2.65               .96
adjusted (non-gaap)                                                                                                        $1,791              $1,840           $4.40               $4.11
(a) for 2017, includes a net gain relating to the disposition of property and equipment. for 2016, includes a gain from the sale of an internet business in china and a multiyear, retroactive impact of a new operating tax.
(b) reflects the write-down of a cost investment in 2017 and an equity-method investment in 2016 to their fair values.
(c) reflects a provisional charge resulting from the enactment of the tax reform act in december 2017.
(d) for 2017, primarily reflects a tax benefit from the resolution of certain state income tax matters and in discontinued operations, a tax benefit from the resolution of a tax matter in a foreign jurisdiction relating to a previously disposed business. for 2016, reflects a one-time tax benefit associated with a multiyear adjustment to a tax deduction, which was approved by the irs during the third quarter of 2016 and in discontinued operations, a charge from the resolution of a tax matter in a foreign jurisdiction relating to a previously disposed business.
(e) for 2017, reflects a loss on the split-off of cbs radio of $105 million, or $.26 per diluted share; a market value adjustment of $980 million, or $2.41 per diluted share, recorded prior to the split-off to reduce the carrying value of cbs radio to the value indicated by the stock valuation of entercom; adjustments to the loss on disposal of the company's outdoor advertising business; and restructuring charges at cbs radio of $7 million ($4 million, net of tax). for 2016, reflects a noncash impairment charge of $444 million ($427 million, net of tax) to reduce the carrying value of cbs radio's goodwill and fcc licenses to their fair value and restructuring charges at cbs radio of $8 million ($5 million, net of tax).
(f) amounts may not sum as a result of rounding.
segments cbs corp. operates in the following four segments:
entertainment:  the entertainment segment consists of the cbs television network, cbs television studios, cbs studios international, cbs television distribution, network ten, cbs interactive, and cbs films as well as the company's digital streaming services, cbs all access and cbsn.  entertainment's revenues are generated primarily from advertising sales, the licensing and distribution of its content, and affiliate and subscription fees.  the entertainment segment contributed 67% to consolidated revenues in each of the years 2017, 2016 and 2015, and 55%, 53% and 51% to total segment operating income in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
ii-8
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
cable networks:  the cable networks segment consists of showtime networks, including its digital subscription streaming offering, cbs sports network and smithsonian networks. cable networks' revenues are generated primarily from affiliate and subscription fees and the licensing and distribution of its content.  the cable networks segment contributed 18%, 16% and 18% to consolidated revenues in 2017, 2016, and 2015, respectively, and 35%, 33% and 37% to total segment operating income in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
publishing:  the publishing segment consists of simon & schuster's consumer book publishing business with imprints such as simon & schuster, pocket books, scribner and atria books. publishing generates revenues from the distribution of consumer books in print, digital and audio formats. the publishing segment contributed 6% to consolidated revenues in each of the years 2017, 2016, and 2015, and 5% to total segment operating income in 2017 and 4% to total segment operating income in each of the years 2016 and 2015.
local media:  the local media segment consists of cbs television stations and cbs local digital media, with revenues generated primarily from advertising sales and retransmission fees. the local media segment contributed 12%, 14% and 12% to consolidated revenues in 2017, 2016, and 2015, respectively, and 18%, 22%, and 19% to total segment operating income in 2017, 2016, and 2015, respectively.
consolidated results of operations-2017 vs. 2016
revenues revenues by type                                            % of total                              % of total                     increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                       2017            revenues                2016            revenues                           $           %
advertising                             $5,753            42    %               $6,288            48    %                $(535     )          (9    )%
content licensing and distribution       3,952            29                     3,673            28                       279                 8
affiliate and subscription fees          3,758            27                     2,978            22                       780                26
other                                      229             2                       227             2                         2                 1
total revenues                         $13,692           100    %              $13,166           100    %                 $526                 4     %
advertising for 2017, the 9% decrease in advertising revenues primarily reflects the benefit to 2016 from cbs's broadcast of the super bowl, which is broadcast on the cbs television network on a rotating basis with other networks. cbs's most recent super bowl broadcast was in 2016 and the next broadcast will be in 2019. the decline also reflects the benefit in 2016 from record political advertising sales during the 2016 presidential election cycle. underlying cbs television network advertising declined 2% in 2017, mainly as a result of lower ratings for the company's programming, which was partially offset by higher pricing. in addition, a majority of the cbs television network's upfront advertising sales ("upfront") for the 2017/2018 television broadcast season are measured based on a live-plus-seven day viewing window, which began to benefit the company's advertising revenues in the fourth quarter of 2017.
in 2018, advertising revenues will benefit from political advertising sales from the u.s. midterm elections and the company's acquisition of ten network holdings limited ("network ten") in the fourth quarter of 2017. the cbs television network's upfront for the 2017/2018 television broadcast season, which runs from the middle of september 2017 through the middle of september 2018, concluded with increases in pricing compared with the prior broadcast season, as well as a majority of agreements being based on a live-plus-seven day viewing window, which are each expected to benefit advertising revenues during the 2017/2018 broadcast season (see page i-2 for a description of the upfront market). the advertising comparison in the second half of 2018 will be negatively affected by the broadcast of five thursday night football games in 2017, which cbs will not broadcast in 2018. however, this will result in an improvement in the company's operating income margin. overall advertising revenues for the company will be dependent on ratings for its programming and market conditions, including demand in the scatter advertising ii-9
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
market, which is when advertisers purchase the remaining advertising spots closer to the broadcast of the related programming.
content licensing and distribution content licensing and distribution revenues are principally comprised of fees from the licensing of internally-produced television programming; fees from the distribution of third-party programming; and revenues from the publishing and distribution of consumer books. for 2017, the 8% increase in content licensing and distribution revenues reflected growth in both international and domestic licensing sales. the increase in domestic licensing sales was primarily driven by sales of ncis: new orleans, madam secretary and several titles from the csi franchise. internationally, the company benefited from strong demand for its content during 2017, reflecting additional titles available for sale as a result of the company's recent increased investment in internally-produced series.
content licensing and distribution revenue comparisons are impacted by fluctuations resulting from the timing of the availability of company-owned television series for multiyear licensing agreements. television license fee revenues are recognized at the beginning of the license period in which programs are made available to the licensee for exhibition. unrecognized revenues attributable to signed license agreements for produced programming that is not yet available for exhibition were $670 million and $749 million at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the adoption of new financial accounting standards board ("fasb") guidance on january 1, 2018, discussed below, increases the amount of unrecognized revenues attributable to license agreements for produced programming that is not yet available for exhibition to $1.33 billion. at december 31, 2017, the company had approximately 650 episodes of scripted original programming that had not yet been made available in the secondary domestic marketplace (see page ii-55 for a description of the secondary marketplace).
total outstanding receivables attributable to revenues recognized under licensing agreements at december 31, 2017 and 2016 were $4.06 billion and $3.82 billion, respectively. at december 31, 2017, the total amount due from these receivables was $1.85 billion in 2018, $1.03 billion in 2019, $626 million in 2020, $327 million in 2021, and $230 million in 2022 and thereafter.
affiliate and subscription fees affiliate and subscription fees are principally comprised of revenues received from mvpds for carriage of the company's cable networks ("cable affiliate fees"), as well as for authorizing the mvpds' carriage of the company's owned television stations ("retransmission fees"); fees received from television stations affiliated with the cbs television network ("station affiliation fees"); subscription fees for digital streaming services; fees received from third-party live television streaming offerings ("virtual mvpds"); and revenues received for the distribution of pay-per-view boxing events. for 2017, the 26% increase in affiliate and subscription fees reflects revenues from showtime networks' distribution of the floyd mayweather/conor mcgregor pay-per-view boxing event, which contributed nine points of the growth. underlying affiliate and subscription fee revenues increased 17%, led by 27% growth in station affiliation fees and retransmission fees, and 98% growth from digital initiatives, including the company's owned streaming subscription services, cbs all access and the showtime digital streaming subscription offering, and virtual mvpds.
over the next few years, the company expects to benefit from the renewal of several of its agreements with station affiliates and mvpds as well as from agreements with new distributors of live television streaming offerings. in addition, the company's existing agreements with station affiliates and mvpds include annual contractual increases. together, these factors are expected to result in continued growth in affiliate and subscription fees over the next several years.
ii-10
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
adoption of new revenue recognition guidance during the first quarter of 2018, the company will adopt new fasb guidance on the recognition of revenues which will impact the comparability of revenues during 2018. the adoption of this guidance will result in changes to the company's revenue recognition policies primarily relating to two areas of its content licensing and distribution operations. first, revenues from certain distribution arrangements of third-party content will be recognized based on the gross amount of consideration received by the company, with a participation expense recognized for the fees paid to the third party. under current accounting guidance, such revenues are recognized at the net amount retained by the company after the payment of fees to the third party. this accounting change if adopted in 2017 would have increased 2017 revenues by approximately $275 million, with no impact on operating income. second, revenues associated with the extension of an existing licensing arrangement, which are currently recognized upon the execution of such extension, will be recognized at a later date once the extension period begins. this change will result in quarterly fluctuations in the company's results; however, it is not expected to have a material impact on the company's operating income on an annual basis, since revenues from extensions executed each year approximate revenues from extensions for which the license period has begun. the company will apply the modified retrospective method for the adoption of this guidance and therefore revenues for reporting periods prior to 2018 will not be affected.
international revenues for 2017, international revenues increased 9% primarily as a result of higher television licensing sales. the company generated approximately 15% and 14% of its total revenues from international regions in 2017 and 2016, respectively. in 2018, international revenues are expected to increase compared to the prior year as a result of the company's acquisition of network ten in the fourth quarter of 2017.
% of                                        % of year ended december 31,                     2017           international                2016           international united kingdom                          $300              15     %                  $279              15     %
other europe                             735              37                         717              39
canada                                   279              14                         256              14
asia                                     210              10                         190              10
australia                                166               8                         167               9
other                                    327              16                         240              13
total international revenues          $2,017             100     %                $1,849             100     %
operating expenses
% of                                    % of operating expenses by type                                        operating                               operating                     increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                            2017            expenses   2016                         expenses                           $           %
programming                                  $3,156            37    %               $2,941            37    %                 $215                 7     %
production                                    2,873            34                     2,658            34                       215                 8
participation, distribution and royalty       1,050            13                     1,058            13                        (8     )          (1     )
other                                         1,359            16                     1,299            16                        60                 5
total operating expenses                     $8,438           100    %               $7,956           100    %                 $482                 6     %
programming programming expenses reflect the amortization of acquired programs exhibited on television broadcast and cable networks, and television stations. for 2017, the 7% increase in programming expenses was driven by costs associated with showtime networks' distribution of the floyd mayweather/conor mcgregor pay-per-view boxing event; cbs's broadcast of the semifinals and finals of the ncaa tournament, and an increased investment in cable programming. costs in 2016 associated with cbs's broadcast of super bowl 50 partially offset these increases.
ii-11
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
production production expenses reflect the amortization of direct costs of internally-developed television and theatrical film content as well as other television production costs, including on-air talent. for 2017, the 8% increase in production expenses reflected an increased investment in internally-developed television series and higher costs associated with the increase in television licensing revenues.
participation, distribution and royalty participation, distribution and royalty costs primarily include participation and residual expenses for television programming, royalty costs for publishing content and other distribution expenses incurred with respect to television content, such as print and advertising. for 2017, the 1% decrease in participation, distribution and royalty costs was primarily driven by the mix of titles sold under television licensing arrangements.
during the first quarter of 2018, the company will adopt new fasb guidance on the recognition of revenues which will result in changes to the company's revenue recognition policies relating to certain distribution arrangements of third-party content. beginning in 2018, these revenues will be recognized based on the gross amount of consideration received by the company for such sale, with an associated participation expense recognized for the fees paid to the third party. under current accounting guidance, such revenues are recognized at the net amount retained by the company after the payment of participations to the third party. this accounting change if adopted in 2017 would have increased 2017 participation, distribution and royalty expenses by approximately $275 million, with a corresponding increase in revenues.
other other operating expenses primarily include compensation and costs associated with book sales, including printing and warehousing. for 2017, the 5% increase in other operating expenses mainly reflected higher compensation costs associated with the company's growth initiatives and increased costs resulting from a higher volume of book sales.
selling, general and administrative expenses
% of                                    % of                increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                                 2017   revenues            2016                revenues            $                       %
selling, general and administrative expenses      $2,212       16        %                $2,124       16        %         $88               4           %
selling, general and administrative ("sg&a") expenses include expenses incurred for selling and marketing costs, occupancy and back office support. the 4% increase in sg&a expenses primarily reflected higher advertising and marketing costs, mainly to support the company's growth initiatives. during the first quarter of 2018, the company will adopt new fasb guidance on the presentation of net periodic pension and postretirement benefit cost ("net benefit cost") which requires that the components of net benefit cost other than service cost be presented in the statement of operations separately from the service cost component and below the subtotal of operating income. as a result of the adoption of this guidance, the company's sg&a expenses for 2017 and 2016 will decrease by $89 million and $72 million, respectively. (see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements.)
depreciation and amortization increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                2017   2016              $                       %
depreciation and amortization      $223              $225       $(2         )           (1    )%
ii-12
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
pension settlement charges during the fourth quarter of 2017, the company purchased a group annuity contract under which an insurance company has permanently assumed the company's obligation to pay and administer pension benefits to certain of the company's pension plan participants, or their designated beneficiaries, who had been receiving pension benefits. the purchase of this group annuity contract was funded with pension plan assets. as a result, the company's outstanding pension benefit obligation was reduced by approximately $800 million, representing approximately 20% of the total obligations of the company's qualified pension plans. in connection with this transaction, the company recorded a settlement charge of $352 million in the fourth quarter of 2017, reflecting the accelerated recognition of a portion of unamortized actuarial losses in the plan. additionally, during 2017, the company made discretionary contributions totaling $600 million to prefund its qualified pension plans.
during 2016, the company offered eligible former employees who had not yet initiated pension benefit payments the option to make a one-time election to receive the present value of their pension benefits as a lump-sum distribution or to commence an immediate monthly annuity benefit. as a result, the company paid a total of $518 million of lump-sum distributions in 2016 using its pension plan assets, representing 12% of the total obligations of its qualified pension plans. accordingly, the company recorded a settlement charge of $211 million reflecting the accelerated recognition of a portion of unamortized actuarial losses in the plan.
restructuring and merger and acquisition-related costs during the year ended december 31, 2017, in a continued effort to reduce its cost structure, the company initiated restructuring plans across several of its businesses, primarily for the reorganization of certain business operations. as a result, the company recorded restructuring charges of $63 million, reflecting $54 million of severance costs and $9 million of costs associated with exiting contractual obligations and other related costs. these restructuring activities are expected to reduce the company's annual cost structure by approximately $50 million.
during the year ended december 31, 2016, the company recorded restructuring charges of $30 million, reflecting $19 million of severance costs and $11 million of costs associated with exiting contractual obligations and other related costs. during the year ended december 31, 2015, the company recorded restructuring charges of $45 million, reflecting $24 million of severance costs and $21 million of costs associated with exiting contractual obligations and other related costs.
as of december 31, 2017, the cumulative settlements for the 2017, 2016, and 2015 restructuring charges were $68 million, of which $45 million was for severance costs and $23 million related to costs associated with exiting contractual obligations and other related costs. the company expects to substantially utilize its restructuring reserves by the end of 2018.
balance at               2017   2017                                         balance at december 31, 2016            charges      settlements                        december 31, 2017
entertainment                $20                       $44                   $(18    )                    $46
cable networks                 4                         -                     (3    )                      1
publishing                     1                         5                     (3    )                      3
local media                   12                        12                     (7    )                     17
corporate                      2                         2                     (1    )                      3
total                        $39                       $63                   $(32    )                    $70
ii-13
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
balance at                                2016   2016                                         balance at december 31, 2015                      charges      settlements                        december 31, 2016
entertainment          $19                             $16                $(15      )                     $20
cable networks         -                                 4                -                                 4
publishing             -                                 1                -                                 1
local media      11                                      6                (5        )                      12
corporate        1                                       3                (2        )                       2
total                  $31                             $30                $(22      )                     $39
in 2016, the company incurred professional fees of $8 million associated with merger and acquisition-related activities.
other operating items, net for 2017, other operating items, net reflected a net gain relating to the disposition of property and equipment. for 2016, other operating items, net included a gain from the disposition of an internet business in china and a multiyear, retroactive impact of a new operating tax.
interest expense and interest income increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,          2017   2016              $                       %
interest expense            $(457   )         $(411   )   $46               11          %
interest income               $64               $32       $32               100         %
the following table presents the company's outstanding debt balances, excluding capital leases and discontinued operations debt, and the weighted average interest rate as of december 31, 2017 and 2016:
weighted average                                weighted average at december 31,                 2017   interest rate               2016                interest rate total long-term debt      $9,426       4.26          %                    $8,850       4.47          %
commercial paper            $679       1.88          %                      $450       0.98          %
loss on early extinguishment of debt for 2017, the loss on early extinguishment of debt of $49 million reflected a pretax loss associated with the redemption of the company's $500 million outstanding 5.75% senior notes due april 2020 and the company's $300 million outstanding 4.625% senior notes due may 2018.
other items, net other items, net for 2017 and 2016 primarily consisted of foreign exchange gains and losses and for 2017, also included write-downs of cost investments to their fair value.
ii-14
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
provision for income taxes the provision for income taxes represents federal, state and local, and foreign taxes on earnings from continuing operations before income taxes and equity in loss of investee companies.
year ended december 31,                                                                 2017              2016   increase/(decrease)
provision for income taxes, including interest and before other discrete items     $(565   )         $(686   )           (18     )%
excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation (a)                                 44                 -
other discrete items (b)                                                              17                58
federal tax reform (c)                                                              (129   )             -
provision for income taxes                                                         $(633   )         $(628   )   1                %
effective income tax rate                                                           32.0   %          28.2   %
(a) reflects excess tax benefits associated with the exercise of stock options and vesting of rsus. during the first quarter of 2017, the company adopted fasb guidance which requires that the difference between the tax benefit from stock-based compensation expense and the deduction on the tax return be recognized within the income tax provision on the statement of operations. previously, such difference was recognized in stockholders' equity on the balance sheet. this difference occurs because stock-based compensation expense is determined based on the grant-date fair value of the award, whereas the tax deduction is based on the fair value on the date the stock option is exercised or the rsu vests. this guidance requires the income statement classification to be applied prospectively, and therefore, excess tax benefits for prior periods remain classified in stockholders' equity.
(b) for the year ended december 31, 2017, primarily reflects tax benefits from the resolution of certain state income tax matters. for the year ended december 31, 2016, primarily reflects a one-time tax benefit of $47 million associated with a multiyear adjustment to a tax deduction, which was approved by the irs during the third quarter of 2016.
(c) reflects the impact of the enactment of the tax reform act in december 2017. as a result of this tax law, the company recorded a net provisional charge of $129 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, reflecting an estimated tax impact of $407 million on the company's historical accumulated foreign earnings and profits, partially offset by an estimated benefit of $278 million to adjust the company's deferred income tax balances as a result of the reduction in the federal corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21%.
for 2018, the company's annual effective income tax rate is expected to be approximately 24% before any potential discrete items, including the tax impacts from stock-based compensation. this rate reflects a reduction in the federal corporate income tax rate to 21% beginning in 2018 as a result of the enactment of the tax reform act.
equity in loss of investee companies, net of tax the following table presents equity in earnings (loss) of investee companies for the company's domestic and international equity investments.
increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                                   2017              2016                          $           %
domestic                                              $(61   )          $(67   )             $6                 9     %
international                                            2                (8   )   10                         125     %
tax benefit                                             22                25                 (3     )         (12     )
equity in loss of investee companies, net of tax      $(37   )          $(50   )            $13                26     %
ii-15
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
for 2016, equity in loss of investee companies, net of tax included $10 million for the write-down of an international television joint venture to its fair value.
net earnings from continuing operations and diluted eps from continuing operations increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                            2017   2016                $                       %
net earnings from continuing operations      $1,309              $1,552       $(243       )           (16   )%
diluted eps from continuing operations        $3.22               $3.46       $(.24       )           (7    )%
for 2017, the decreases in net earnings from continuing operations and diluted eps from continuing operations of 16% and 7%, respectively, were driven by pension settlement charges of $352 million ($237 million, net of tax); in 2017 compared with $211 million ($130 million, net of tax) in 2016; a provisional charge of $129 million from the enactment of the tax reform act in december 2017; and a charge of $49 million ($31 million, net of tax) from the early extinguishment of debt. diluted eps from continuing operations benefited from lower weighted average shares outstanding as a result of the company's share repurchases and the shares retired as a result of the split-off of cbs radio during the fourth quarter of 2017.
net loss from discontinued operations on february 2, 2017, the company entered into an agreement with entercom to combine the company's radio business, cbs radio, with entercom in a merger effected through a reverse morris trust transaction, which was tax-free to cbs corp. and its stockholders. beginning in the fourth quarter of 2016, cbs radio has been presented as a discontinued operation in the consolidated financial statements for all periods presented.
on november 16, 2017, the company completed the split-off of cbs radio through an exchange offer, in which the company accepted 17.9 million shares of cbs corp. class b common stock from its stockholders in exchange for the 101.4 million shares of cbs radio common stock that it owned. immediately following the exchange offer, each share of cbs radio common stock was converted into one share of entercom class a common stock upon completion of the merger.
during the fourth quarter of 2017, upon closing of the transaction, the company recorded a net loss of $105 million calculated as follows:
fair value of cbs corp. class b common stock accepted
(17,854,689 shares at $56.40 per share on november 16, 2017)      $1,007
carrying value of cbs radio (a)                                   (1,112   )
net loss on split-off of cbs radio                                 $(105   )
(a) net of a market value adjustment of $980 million recorded prior to the split-off.
the split-off was a tax-free transaction and therefore, there is no tax impact on the loss.
in connection with the company's plan to dispose of cbs radio, in october 2016, cbs radio borrowed $1.46 billion through a $1.06 billion senior secured term loan due 2023 and the issuance of $400 million of 7.25% senior unsecured notes due 2024 through a private placement.
ii-16
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
the following tables set forth details of net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016.
year ended december 31, 2017                                         cbs radio             other                 total revenues                                                          $1,018                  $-                $1,018
costs and expenses:
operating                                                            364                   -                   364
selling, general and administrative                                  446                  (1   )               445
market value adjustment                                              980         (a)       -                   980
restructuring charges                                                  7         (b)       -                     7
total costs and expenses                                           1,797                  (1   )             1,796
operating income (loss)                                             (779     )             1                  (778   )
interest expense                                                     (70     )             -                   (70   )
earnings (loss) from discontinued operations                        (849     )             1                  (848   )
income tax benefit (provision)                                       (55     )            45       (c)         (10   )
earnings (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax            (904     )            46                  (858   )
net gain (loss) on disposal                                         (109     )            13                   (96   )
income tax benefit (provision)                                         4                  (2   )                 2
net gain (loss) on disposal, net of tax                             (105     )            11       (d)         (94   )
net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax     $(1,009     )           $57                 $(952   )
(a) during 2017, prior to the split-off, cbs radio was measured each reporting period, beginning with the first quarter of 2017, at the lower of its carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell. the value of the transaction with entercom was determined based on entercom's stock price at the closing of the transaction and therefore, the carrying value of cbs radio was measured at the value indicated by the stock valuation of entercom. as a result, the company recorded a market value adjustment of $980 million during the nine months ended september 30, 2017 to adjust the carrying value of cbs radio as follows:
first quarter 2017        $(715     )
second quarter 2017       (365      )
third quarter 2017    100
$(980     )
(b) reflects restructuring charges associated with the reorganization of certain business operations, including severance costs and costs associated with exiting contractual obligations.
(c) reflects a tax benefit from the resolution of a tax matter in a foreign jurisdiction relating to a previously disposed business that was accounted for as a discontinued operation.
(d) reflects adjustments to the loss on disposal of the company's outdoor advertising businesses, primarily from a decrease to the guarantee liability associated with the 2013 disposal of the company's outdoor advertising business in europe ("outdoor europe").
ii-17
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
year ended december 31, 2016                              cbs radio         other (b)                     total revenues                                               $1,220               $-                       $1,220
costs and expenses:
operating                                                 397               -                           397
selling, general and administrative                       497               -                           497
depreciation and amortization                              26               -                            26
restructuring charges                                       8         (a)   -                             8
impairment charge                                         444               -                           444
total costs and expenses                                1,372               -                         1,372
operating loss                                           (152     )         -                          (152   )
interest expense                                          (17     )         -                           (17   )
other income                                                2               -                             2
loss from discontinued operations                        (167     )         -                          (167   )
income tax provision                                      (88     )         (36         )              (124   )
net loss from discontinued operations, net of tax       $(255     )         $(36        )             $(291   )
(a) reflects restructuring charges associated with the reorganization of certain business operations, including severance costs and costs associated with exiting contractual obligations.
(b) reflects a charge from the resolution of a tax matter in a foreign jurisdiction relating to a previously disposed business that was accounted for as a discontinued operation.
the results of cbs radio for 2016 included a pretax noncash impairment charge of $444 million ($427 million, net of tax) to reduce the carrying value of cbs radio's goodwill and fcc licenses in 11 markets to their fair value.
net earnings and diluted eps increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,          2017   2016                $                       %
net earnings                 $357              $1,261       $(904       )           (72   )%
diluted eps                  $.88               $2.81       $(1.93      )           (69   )%
consolidated results of operations- 2016 vs. 2015
revenues revenues by type                                            % of total                              % of total                     increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                       2016            revenues                2015            revenues                           $           %
advertising                             $6,288            48    %               $5,824            46    %                 $464                 8     %
content licensing and distribution       3,673            28                     3,903            31                      (230     )          (6     )
affiliate and subscription fees          2,978            22                     2,724            21                       254                 9
other                                      227             2                       220             2                         7                 3
total revenues                         $13,166           100    %              $12,671           100    %                 $495                 4     %
advertising for 2016, the 8% increase in advertising revenues was driven by cbs's broadcast of the super bowl, which is broadcast on the cbs television network on a rotating basis with other networks; higher political advertising sales; and 3% growth in underlying network advertising. the increase in network advertising reflects higher pricing, including from increased demand, partially offset by lower ratings, including from the broadcast of nfl games.
ii-18
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
content licensing and distribution for 2016, the 6% decrease in content licensing and distribution revenues primarily reflected lower domestic television licensing revenues compared with 2015, which included sales of ncis, elementary and csi. a significant contributor to television licensing revenues in 2016 was the international licensing of five star trek series.
affiliate and subscription fees for 2016, the 9% increase in affiliate and subscription fees reflected 35% growth in station affiliation fees and retransmission fees, and revenues from the company's streaming subscription services, including cbs all access and the showtime digital streaming subscription offering. these increases were partially offset by the benefit to 2015 from showtime networks' distribution of the floyd mayweather/manny pacquiao boxing event.
international revenues international revenues primarily consist of television licensing revenues. the company generated approximately 14% and 16% of its total revenues from international regions in 2016 and 2015, respectively.
% of                                        % of year ended december 31,                     2016           international                2015           international united kingdom                          $279              15     %                  $345              17     %
other europe                             717              39                         691              35
canada                                   256              14                         286              14
asia                                     190              10                         236              12
other                                    407              22                         446              22
total international revenues          $1,849             100     %                $2,004             100     %
operating expenses
% of total                              % of total operating expenses by type                                        operating                               operating                    increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                            2016             expense   2015                          expense                          $           %
programming                                  $2,941            37    %               $2,892            37    %                 $49                 2     %
production                                    2,658            34                     2,604            33             54                           2
participation, distribution and royalty       1,058            13                     1,109            14                      (51     )          (5     )
other                                         1,299            16                     1,306            16                       (7     )          (1     )
total operating expenses                     $7,956           100    %               $7,911           100    %                 $45                 1     %
programming for 2016, the 2% increase in programming expenses was primarily driven by increased sports programming costs associated with the broadcast of nfl games, including super bowl 50, which was broadcast by cbs in 2016, partially offset by three fewer thursday night football games than 2015. this increase was partially offset by costs in 2015 associated with showtime networks' distribution of the floyd mayweather/manny pacquiao pay-per-view boxing event and lower costs for acquired television series as a result of a shift to a higher mix of internally developed television series.
production for 2016, the 2% increase in production expenses reflected increased investment in internally developed television series, partially offset by lower expenses associated with the decrease in television licensing revenues.
ii-19
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
participation, distribution and royalty for 2016, the 5% decrease in participation, distribution and royalty costs primarily reflected lower participations associated with lower licensing sales of the csi franchise.
selling, general and administrative expenses
% of                                    % of                increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                                 2016   revenues            2015                revenues            $                       %
selling, general and administrative expenses      $2,124       16        %                $1,961       15        %         $163              8           %
for 2016, the 8% increase in sg&a expenses primarily reflects incremental advertising, marketing and employee-related costs to support the company's growth initiatives, and higher pension and incentive compensation costs.
depreciation and amortization increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                2016   2015              $                       %
depreciation and amortization      $225              $235       $(10        )           (4    )%
for 2016, the 4% decrease in depreciation and amortization was the result of intangibles and property and equipment that became fully amortized, and the sales of internet businesses in china.
pension settlement charge during 2016, the company offered eligible former employees who had not yet initiated pension benefit payments the option to make a one-time election to receive the present value of their pension benefits as a lump-sum distribution or to commence an immediate monthly annuity benefit. as a result, the company paid a total of $518 million of lump-sum distributions in 2016 using its pension plan assets, representing 12% of the total obligations of its qualified pension plans. accordingly, the company recorded a settlement charge of $211 million, reflecting the accelerated recognition of a portion of unamortized actuarial losses in the plan.
restructuring charges during the year ended december 31, 2015, the company recorded restructuring charges of $45 million, reflecting $24 million of severance costs and $21 million of costs associated with exiting contractual obligations and other related costs.
other operating items, net for 2015, other operating items, net included gains from the disposition of businesses in china.
interest expense and interest income increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,          2016   2015              $                       %
interest expense            $(411   )         $(392   )   $19               5           %
interest income               $32               $24       $8                33          %
ii-20
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
the following table presents the company's outstanding debt balances, excluding capital leases and discontinued operations debt, and the weighted average interest rate as of december 31, 2016 and 2015:
weighted average                                weighted average at december 31,                 2016   interest rate               2015                interest rate total long-term debt      $8,850       4.47          %                    $8,365       4.68          %
commercial paper            $450       0.98          %                        $-              n/a n/a - not applicable other items, net other items, net for 2016 and 2015 primarily consisted of foreign exchange losses.
provision for income taxes increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,          2016              2015   $                       %
tax provision               $(628   )         $(676   )   $(48        )           (7    )%
effective tax rate           28.2   %          29.9   %
the company's income tax provision for 2016 included a one-time tax benefit of $47 million associated with a multiyear adjustment to a tax deduction, which was approved by the irs during the third quarter of 2016, and a tax benefit of $81 million related to the pension settlement charge of $211 million. in 2015, the company's income tax provision included a tax provision of $8 million related to gains from the sales of internet businesses in china of $139 million.
equity in loss of investee companies, net of tax the following table presents equity in earnings (loss) of investee companies for the company's domestic and international equity investments.
increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                                   2016              2015      $                       %
domestic                                              $(67   )          $(60   )      $(7         )           (12   )%
international                                           (8   )             4          (12         )           n/m tax benefit                                             25                22       3                    14          %
equity in loss of investee companies, net of tax      $(50   )          $(34   )      $(16        )           (47   )%
n/m - not meaningful net earnings from continuing operations and diluted eps from continuing operations increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                            2016   2015                $                       %
net earnings from continuing operations      $1,552              $1,554       $(2         )           -     %
diluted eps from continuing operations        $3.46               $3.18       $.28              9           %
net earnings from continuing operations for 2016 was comparable with 2015, as the increase in revenues was offset by the 2016 pension settlement charge of $211 million ($130 million, net of tax), and 2015 gains on the sales of internet businesses in china of $139 million ($131 million, net of tax). the 9% increase in diluted eps from continuing operations was driven by lower weighted average shares outstanding as a result of the company's share repurchases during 2016, which totaled $3.0 billion.
ii-21
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
net loss from discontinued operations the following table sets forth details of net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations for the year ended december 31, 2015:
year ended december 31, 2015                                         cbs radio      other (a)                     total revenues                                                          $1,223            $-                       $1,223
costs and expenses:
operating                                                            415            -                           415
selling, general and administrative                                  500            -                           500
depreciation and amortization                                         29            -                            29
restructuring charges                                                 36            -                            36
impairment charge                                                    484            -                           484
total costs and expenses                                           1,464            -                         1,464
operating loss                                                      (241     )      -                          (241   )
other income                                                           1            -                             1
loss from discontinued operations                                   (240     )      -                          (240   )
income tax benefit                                                    89            -                            89
loss from discontinued operations, net of tax                       (151     )      -                          (151   )
net gain on disposal                                                   -                   17                    17
income tax provision                                                   -            (7          )                (7   )
net gain on disposal, net of tax                                       -                   10                    10
net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax       $(151     )      $10                       $(141   )
(a) reflects a decrease to the guarantee liability associated with the 2013 disposal of outdoor europe.
the results of cbs radio for 2015 included a pretax noncash impairment charge of $484 million ($297 million, net of tax) to reduce the carrying value of radio fcc licenses in 18 markets to their fair value.
net earnings and diluted eps increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,            2016   2015                $                       %
net earnings                 $1,261              $1,413       $(152       )           (11   )%
diluted eps                   $2.81               $2.89       $(.08       )           (3    )%
ii-22
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
segment results of operations - 2017 vs. 2016
the company presents operating income (loss) excluding pension settlement charges, restructuring charges, merger and acquisition-related costs, and other operating items, net, each where applicable, ("segment operating income") as the primary measure of profit and loss for its operating segments ("segment profit measure") in accordance with fasb guidance for segment reporting. the company believes the presentation of segment operating income is relevant and useful for investors because it allows investors to view segment performance in a manner similar to the primary method used by the company's management and enhances their ability to understand the company's operating performance. the reconciliation of segment operating income to the company's consolidated net earnings is presented in note 17 (reportable segments) to the consolidated financial statements.
% of total                              % of total                     increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,            2017            revenues                2016            revenues                           $           %
entertainment                $9,164            67    %               $8,877            67    %                 $287                 3     %
cable networks                2,501            18                     2,160            16                       341                16
publishing                      830             6                       767             6                        63                 8
local media                   1,668            12                     1,779            14                      (111     )          (6     )
corporate/eliminations         (471   )        (3    )                 (417   )        (3    )                  (54     )         (13     )
total revenues              $13,692           100    %              $13,166           100    %                 $526                 4     %
% of total                               % of total segment                                  segment operating                                operating                    increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                                          2017               income                2016               income                          $           %
segment operating income (loss):
entertainment                                              $1,554             55    %               $1,519             53    %                 $35                 2   %
cable networks                                                996             35                       959             33                       37                 4
publishing                                                    132              5                       119              4                       13                11
local media                                                   492             18                       618             22                     (126     )         (20   )
corporate                                                    (355   )        (13    )                 (354   )        (12    )                  (1     )           -
total segment operating income                              2,819            100    %                2,861            100    %                 (42     )          (1   )
pension settlement charges                                   (352   )                                 (211   )                                (141     )         (67   )
restructuring and merger andacquisition-related costs         (63   )                                  (38   )                                 (25     )         (66   )
other operating items, net                                     19                                        9                                      10               111
total operating income                                     $2,423                                   $2,621                                   $(198     )          (8   )%
increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                      2017              2016      $                       %
depreciation and amortization:
entertainment                            $115              $117          $(2         )           (2    )%
cable networks                             23                23          -                       -
publishing                                  6                 6          -                       -
local media                                45                44       1                    2
corporate                                  34                35          (1          )           (3    )
total depreciation and amortization      $223              $225          $(2         )           (1    )%
ii-23
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
entertainment (cbs television network, cbs television studios, cbs studios international, cbs television distribution, network ten, cbs interactive, and cbs films)
increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                                2017                2016   $                               %
revenues                                         $9,164              $8,877       $287                      3   %
segment operating income                         $1,554              $1,519       $35                       2   %
segment operating income as a % of revenues          17   %              17   %
restructuring charges                               $44                 $16       $28                     175   %
depreciation and amortization                      $115                $117       $(2         )            (2   )%
capital expenditures                                $98                 $98       $-                        -   %
2017 vs. 2016
for 2017, the 3% increase in revenues was led by growth in affiliate and subscription fees and content licensing and distribution revenues. affiliate and subscription fees grew 35% as a result of higher station affiliation fees and growth from digital initiatives, including cbs all access and virtual mvpds. content licensing and distribution revenues increased 10%, driven by the domestic licensing sales of ncis: new orleans, madam secretary and titles from the csi franchise, and higher international licensing sales resulting from strong demand for the company's content internationally, due in part to increased investment in internally-produced series. these increases were partially offset by lower advertising revenues, mainly as a result of the benefit to 2016 from cbs's broadcast of super bowl 50.
operating income increased 2% driven by the higher revenues, partially offset by an increased investment in programming, as well as other costs associated with the company's growth initiatives. for 2017 and 2016, restructuring charges primarily reflected severance costs and costs associated with exiting contractual obligations and other related costs.
results in 2018 are expected to benefit from continued growth in affiliate and subscription fee revenues, driven by the renewal of several of the company's agreements with its television station affiliates and annual contractual increases on multiyear agreements with television station affiliates. the revenue comparison in 2018 will be negatively affected by the broadcast of five thursday night football games in 2017, which cbs will not broadcast in 2018. however, this will result in an improvement in the operating income margin. the revenue comparison will also be affected by the cbs television network's 2017 broadcast of the national semifinals and national championship games of the ncaa tournament, which are broadcast on the cbs television network every other year through 2032 under the current agreements with the ncaa and turner. revenue comparisons will also be impacted by fluctuations resulting from the timing of availability of television series for multiyear licensing agreements. television license fee revenues are recognized at the beginning of the license period in which programs are made available to the licensee for exhibition.
in addition, during the first quarter of 2018, the company will adopt new fasb guidance on the recognition of revenues, which will impact the comparability of entertainment revenues during 2018. (see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.)
ii-24
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
cable networks (showtime networks, cbs sports network and smithsonian networks)
increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                                2017                2016   $                                %
revenues                                         $2,501              $2,160       $341                      16     %
segment operating income                           $996                $959       $37                        4     %
segment operating income as a % of revenues          40   %              44   %
restructuring charges                                $-                  $4       $(4         )           (100    )%
depreciation and amortization                       $23                 $23       $-                         -     %
capital expenditures                                $20                 $19       $1                         5     %
2017 vs. 2016
for 2017, the 16% increase in revenues was driven by showtime networks' distribution of the floyd mayweather/conor mcgregor pay-per-view boxing event, growth from the showtime digital streaming subscription offering and higher international licensing sales of showtime content. these increases were partially offset by lower domestic licensing sales, primarily as a result of sales of several titles, including penny dreadful, in 2016. as of december 31, 2017, subscriptions totaled approximately 25 million for showtime, the company's premium television network, and the showtime digital streaming subscription offering combined, 52 million for cbs sports network and 30 million for smithsonian networks.
operating income increased 4% driven by the revenue growth, which was significantly offset by higher costs associated with the pay-per-view boxing event and an increased investment in programming. restructuring charges in 2016 primarily reflected severance costs.
television license fee revenues are recognized at the beginning of the license period in which programs are made available to the licensee for exhibition, which may impact the comparability of revenues in 2018 due to fluctuations resulting from the timing of availability of television series for multiyear licensing agreements.
in addition, during the first quarter of 2018, the company will adopt new fasb guidance on the recognition of revenues, which will impact the comparability of cable networks revenues during 2018. (see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.)
publishing (simon & schuster)
increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                              2017              2016   $                       %
revenues                                         $830              $767       $63               8           %
segment operating income                         $132              $119       $13               11          %
segment operating income as a % of revenues        16   %            16   %
restructuring charges                              $5                $1       $4                      n/m depreciation and amortization                      $6                $6       $-                      -     %
capital expenditures                               $5                $9       $(4         )           (44   )%
n/m - not meaningful
2017 vs. 2016
for 2017, the 8% increase in revenues reflects higher print book sales and 39% growth in digital audio sales. bestselling titles for 2017 included what happened by hillary rodham clinton, leonardo da vinci by walter isaacson and sleeping beauties by stephen king and owen king.
the 11% increase in operating income reflects the revenue growth. for 2017 and 2016, restructuring charges primarily reflected severance costs.
ii-25
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
local media (cbs television stations and cbs local digital media)
increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                                2017                2016   $                               %
revenues                                         $1,668              $1,779       $(111       )            (6   )%
segment operating income                           $492                $618       $(126       )           (20   )%
segment operating income as a % of revenues          29   %              35   %
restructuring charges                               $12                  $6       $6                100         %
depreciation and amortization                       $45                 $44       $1                2           %
capital expenditures                                $32                 $37       $(5         )           (14   )%
2017 vs. 2016
for 2017, the 6% decrease in revenues was driven by lower advertising revenues, primarily reflecting the benefit to 2016 from record political advertising sales during the 2016 presidential election cycle and cbs's broadcast of super bowl 50. this decrease was partially offset by growth in retransmission revenues and fees from virtual mvpds.
the decrease in operating income of 20% primarily reflected a decline in high-margin political advertising sales. for 2017 and 2016, restructuring charges reflected severance costs and costs associated with exiting contractual obligations and other related costs.
in 2018, advertising revenues are expected to benefit from increased political advertising sales associated with the u.s. midterm elections. results in 2018 are also expected to benefit from continued growth in retransmission revenues, driven by the renewal of several of the company's agreements with mvpds and annual contractual increases on multiyear agreements with mvpds.
corporate increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                2017   2016              $                       %
segment operating loss            $(355   )         $(354   )   $(1         )           -     %
restructuring charges                $2                $3       $(1         )           (33   )%
depreciation and amortization       $34               $35       $(1         )           (3    )%
capital expenditures                $30               $33       $(3         )           (9    )%
2017 vs. 2016
corporate expenses include general corporate overhead, unallocated shared company expenses, pension and postretirement benefit costs for plans retained by the company for previously divested businesses, and intercompany eliminations. restructuring charges in 2017 and 2016 primarily reflected severance costs.
segment results of operations - 2016 vs. 2015
% of total                              % of total                     increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,            2016            revenues                2015            revenues                           $           %
entertainment                $8,877            67    %               $8,438            67    %                 $439                 5     %
cable networks                2,160            16                     2,242            18                       (82     )          (4     )
publishing                      767             6                       780             6                       (13     )          (2     )
local media                   1,779            14                     1,592            12             187                          12
corporate/eliminations         (417   )        (3    )                 (381   )        (3    )                  (36     )          (9     )
total revenues              $13,166           100    %              $12,671           100    %                 $495                 4     %
ii-26
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
% of total                               % of total segment                                  segment operating                                operating                     increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                                          2016               income                2015               income                           $           %
segment operating income (loss):
entertainment                                              $1,519             53    %               $1,294             51    %                 $225                17   %
cable networks                                                959             33                       945             37                        14                 1
publishing                                                    119              4                       114              4                         5                 4
local media                                                   618             22                       487             19                       131                27
corporate                                                    (354   )        (12    )                 (276   )        (11    )                  (78     )         (28   )
total segment operating income                              2,861            100    %                2,564            100    %                  297                12
pension settlement charge                                    (211   )                                    -                                     (211     )         n/m restructuring and merger andacquisition-related costs         (38   )                                  (45   )                                    7                16
other operating items, net                                      9                                      139                                     (130     )         (94   )
total operating income                                     $2,621                                   $2,658                                     $(37     )          (1   )%
n/m - not meaningful increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                      2016              2015      $                       %
depreciation and amortization:
entertainment                            $117              $126          $(9         )           (7    )%
cable networks                             23                23          -                       -
publishing                                  6                 6          -                       -
local media                                44                48          (4          )           (8    )
corporate                                  35                32       3                    9
total depreciation and amortization      $225              $235          $(10        )           (4    )%
entertainment (cbs television network, cbs television studios, cbs studios international, cbs television distribution, cbs interactive and cbs films)
increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                                2016                2015   $                               %
revenues                                         $8,877              $8,438       $439              5           %
segment operating income                         $1,519              $1,294       $225              17          %
segment operating income as a % of revenues          17   %              15   %
restructuring charges                               $16                 $26       $(10        )           (38   )%
depreciation and amortization                      $117                $126       $(9         )            (7   )%
capital expenditures                                $98                 $99       $(1         )            (1   )%
2016 vs. 2015
for 2016, the 5% increase in revenues was primarily driven by 10% growth in network advertising revenues, mainly from the broadcast of super bowl 50 on cbs in 2016 and 3% growth in underlying network advertising revenues. affiliate and subscription fees grew 45% as a result of higher station affiliation fees and subscription growth for cbs all access. these increases were partially offset by 7% lower content licensing and distribution revenues compared to 2015, which included significant licensing sales of ncis, elementary and csi, while 2016 benefited from the international licensing of five star trek series. the revenue comparison was also impacted by the sales of internet businesses in china.
ii-27
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
the increase in operating income of 17% primarily reflected the increase in revenues. for 2016 and 2015, restructuring charges primarily reflected severance costs and costs associated with exiting contractual obligations and other related costs.
cable networks (showtime networks, cbs sports network and smithsonian networks)
increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                                2016                2015   $                       %
revenues                                         $2,160              $2,242       $(82        )           (4    )%
segment operating income                           $959                $945       $14               1           %
segment operating income as a % of revenues          44   %              42   %
restructuring charges                                $4                  $-       $4                      n/m depreciation and amortization                       $23                 $23       $-                      -     %
capital expenditures                                $19                 $18       $1                6           %
n/m - not meaningful
2016 vs. 2015
for 2016, the 4% decrease in revenues was a result of the benefit in 2015 from showtime networks' distribution of the floyd mayweather/manny pacquiao boxing event. the decrease in pay-per-view revenues negatively impacted the revenue comparison by seven percentage points. in addition, content licensing and distribution revenues decreased 8% from 2015, reflecting the timing of multiyear agreements for the international licensing of showtime original series, partially offset by the domestic licensing sale of penny dreadful in 2016. higher revenues from the showtime digital streaming subscription offering partially offset these declines. as of december 31, 2016, subscriptions totaled approximately 25 million for showtime, the company's premium television network, and the showtime digital streaming subscription offering combined, 55 million for cbs sports network and 32 million for smithsonian networks.
operating income increased 1% driven by contributions from the showtime digital streaming subscription offering, partially offset by lower television licensing revenues. restructuring charges in 2016 primarily reflected severance costs.
publishing (simon & schuster)
increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                              2016              2015   $                       %
revenues                                         $767              $780       $(13        )           (2    )%
segment operating income                         $119              $114       $5                4           %
segment operating income as a % of revenues        16   %            15   %
restructuring charges                              $1                $-       $1                      n/m depreciation and amortization                      $6                $6       $-                      -     %
capital expenditures                               $9               $10       $(1         )           (10   )%
n/m - not meaningful
2016 vs. 2015
for 2016, the 2% decrease in revenues reflected lower digital book sales, partially offset by growth in digital audio sales. digital sales represented 23% of publishing's total revenues for 2016. best-selling titles for 2016 included born to run by bruce springsteen, end of watch by stephen king and a man called ove by fredrik backman.
the 4% increase in operating income mainly resulted from lower production, inventory and selling costs. for 2016, restructuring charges primarily reflected severance costs.
ii-28
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
local media (cbs television stations and cbs local digital media)
increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                                2016                2015   $                               %
revenues                                         $1,779              $1,592       $187                     12     %
segment operating income                           $618                $487       $131                     27     %
segment operating income as a % of revenues          35   %              31   %
restructuring charges                                $6                 $19       $(13        )           (68    )%
depreciation and amortization                       $44                 $48       $(4         )            (8    )%
capital expenditures                                $37                 $28       $9                       32     %
2016 vs. 2015
for 2016, the 12% increase in revenues was led by record political advertising sales during the 2016 presidential election cycle, 14% growth in retransmission and subscription revenues, and the broadcast of super bowl 50 on cbs during the first quarter of 2016.
the increase in operating income of 27% primarily reflected the revenue growth. for 2016 and 2015, restructuring charges reflected severance costs and costs associated with exiting contractual obligations and other related costs.
corporate increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                2016   2015              $                       %
segment operating loss            $(354   )         $(276   )   $(78        )           (28   )%
restructuring charges                $3                $-       $3                      n/m depreciation and amortization       $35               $32       $3                9           %
capital expenditures (a)            $33               $16       $17               106         %
(a) primarily reflects the timing of capital projects.
n/m - not meaningful
2016 vs. 2015
corporate expenses include general corporate overhead, unallocated shared company expenses, pension and postretirement benefit costs for plans retained by the company for previously divested businesses, and intercompany eliminations. the 28% increase in corporate expenses primarily reflected higher incentive compensation, pension costs and expenses associated with an increase in the company's stock price. restructuring charges in 2016 primarily reflected severance costs.
ii-29
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
financial position increase/(decrease)
at december 31,                                          2017                2016                           $            %
current assets:
cash and cash equivalents                            $285                $598               $(313     )          (52    )%
receivables, net (a)                                3,697               3,314                 383                 12
programming and other inventory (b)                 1,828               1,427                 401                 28
prepaid income taxes                                   78                  30                  48                160
current assets of discontinued operations (c)           1                 305                (304     )         (100     )
all other current assets, net                         384                 389                  (5     )           (1     )
total current assets                               $6,273              $6,063                $210                  3     %
(a) the increase primarily relates to higher receivables associated with television licensing arrangements.
(b) the increase primarily reflects higher investment in entertainment programming and the timing of sporting events.
(c) the decrease reflects the split-off of cbs radio during the fourth quarter of 2017. (see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements.)
increase/(decrease)
at december 31,             2017   2016                $                       %
other assets (a)      $2,840              $2,707       $133              5           %
(a) the increase primarily reflects additional investment in the company's equity-method investments; assets related to network ten, which was acquired in the fourth quarter of 2017; and higher receivables associated with television licensing arrangements. as of december 31, 2017, total outstanding receivables from television licensing arrangements, including both current and noncurrent, were $4.06 billion versus $3.82 billion at december 31, 2016. at december 31, 2017, the total amount due from these receivables was $1.85 billion in 2018, $1.03 billion in 2019, $626 million in 2020, $327 million in 2021, and $230 million in 2022 and thereafter.
increase/(decrease)
at december 31,                              2017   2016                $                       %
assets of discontinued operations (a)     $12              $4,291       $(4,279     )           (100   )%
(a) the decrease reflects the split-off of cbs radio during the fourth quarter of 2017. (see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements.)
increase/(decrease)
at december 31,                                      2017                2016                           $           %
current liabilities:
accounts payable (a)                             $231                $148                 $83                56     %
accrued compensation                              343                 369                 (26     )          (7     )
participants' share and royalties payable         986               1,024                 (38     )          (4     )
program rights (b)                                373                 290                  83                29
commercial paper (c)                              679                 450                 229                51
all other current liabilities, net              1,360               1,427                 (67     )          (5     )
current liabilities                            $3,972              $3,708                $264                 7     %
(a) the increase reflects the timing of payments.
(b) the increase is primarily associated with showtime networks' distribution of the floyd mayweather/conor mcgregor pay-per-view boxing event.
(c) the increase reflects higher commercial paper borrowings.
ii-30
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
increase/(decrease)
at december 31,               2017   2016                $                       %
long-term debt (a)      $9,464              $8,902       $562              6           %
(a) the increase is primarily the result of the company's issuance of $1.80 billion of senior notes, partially offset by the repayment of $1.20 billion of outstanding senior notes. (see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements.)
increase/(decrease)
at december 31,                                               2017   2016                $                       %
pension and postretirement benefit obligations (a)      $1,328              $1,769       $(441       )           (25   )%
(a) the decrease primarily relates to discretionary contributions made during 2017 to prefund the company's qualified pension plans, offset by changes in actuarial assumptions.
increase/(decrease)
at december 31,                  2017   2016                $                       %
other liabilities (a)      $2,155              $1,807       $348              19          %
(a) the increase is primarily due to a tax liability resulting from the enactment of the tax reform act in december 2017.
increase/(decrease)
at december 31,                                   2017   2016                $                       %
liabilities of discontinued operations (a)     $42              $2,451       $(2,409     )           (98   )%
(a) the decrease reflects the split-off of cbs radio during the fourth quarter of 2017. (see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements.)
cash flows the changes in cash and cash equivalents were as follows:
increase/ (decrease)                                   increase/ (decrease)
year ended december 31,                                         2017                2016                      2017 vs. 2016                2015                      2016 vs. 2015
cash provided by operating activities from:
continuing operations                                       $793              $1,454                    $(661      )                 $1,189                     $265
discontinued operations                                       94                 231                     (137      )                    205                       26
cash provided by operating activities                        887               1,685                     (798      )                  1,394                      291
cash (used for) provided by investing activities from:
continuing operations                                       (523   )            (334   )                 (189      )                    179                     (513      )
discontinued operations                                      (24   )              (6   )                  (18      )                    (25   )                   19
cash (used for) provided by investing activities            (547   )            (340   )                 (207      )                    154                     (494      )
cash used for financing activities                          (677   )          (1,046   )                  369                        (1,653   )                  607
net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents       $(337   )            $299                    $(636      )                  $(105   )                 $404
operating activities.  in 2017, the decrease in cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations was driven by discretionary pension contributions of $600 million made during 2017 to prefund the company's qualified plans; a decline in advertising revenues including from the benefit in 2016 from cbs's broadcast of super bowl 50; and an increased investment in internally-produced television programming. these decreases were partially offset by higher affiliate and subscription fee revenues.
ii-31
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
in 2016, the increase in cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations was primarily driven by growth in affiliate and subscription fees and higher advertising revenues, including from the broadcast of super bowl 50, partially offset by increased investment in programming and higher payments for income taxes.
cash provided by operating activities from discontinued operations primarily reflected the operating activities of cbs radio. operating activities from discontinued operations also included payments and refunds for tax matters in foreign jurisdictions related to previously disposed businesses that are accounted for as discontinued operations.
cash paid for income taxes for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 was as follows:
year ended december 31,                                                                                                                       2017              2016              2015
cash taxes included in operating activities from continuing operations                                                                    $365              $390              $287
less: excess tax benefits from the exercise of stock options and vesting of restricted stock units, included in financing activities         -                17                88
cash paid for income taxes from continuing operations                                                                                     $365              $373              $199
the decrease in cash paid for income taxes in 2017 reflects a tax benefit from contributions of $600 million to prefund the company's qualified pension plans and a higher tax benefit associated with the exercise of stock options and vesting of rsus, offset by the impact from the expiration of a tax law which benefited cash taxes for 2016. the increase in cash paid for income taxes for 2016 was driven by higher taxable income and a higher tax benefit in 2015 from the exercise of stock options and the vesting of restricted stock units.
cash taxes from continuing operations benefited from federal income tax refunds of $32 million in 2017, $90 million in 2016 and $169 million in 2015. cash taxes for 2016 also included a one-time benefit of $47 million associated with a multiyear adjustment to a tax deduction, which was approved by the irs during the third quarter of 2016.
for 2018, cash taxes are expected to be significantly lower than 2017 primarily due to the enactment of the tax reform act. however, a more precise estimate cannot currently be determined.
investing activities year ended december 31,                                                                   2017              2016              2015
acquisitions (including acquired television library), net of cash acquired (a)       $(270   )          $(92   )          $(12   )
capital expenditures (b)                                                              (185   )          (196   )          (171   )
investments in and advances to investee companies (c)                                 (110   )           (81   )           (98   )
proceeds from dispositions (d)                                                          11                20               383
all other investing activities from continuing operations, net                          31                15                77
cash flow (used for) provided by investing activities from continuing operations      (523   )          (334   )           179
cash flow used for investing activities from discontinued operations                   (24   )            (6   )           (25   )
cash flow (used for) provided by investing activities                                $(547   )         $(340   )          $154
(a) 2017 primarily reflects the acquisition of network ten, one of three major commercial broadcast networks in australia, for approximately $124 million, net of cash acquired, and the acquisition of a television library. 2016 primarily reflects the acquisitions of a sports-focused digital media business and a publishing business.
(b) capital expenditures for 2018 are anticipated to be approximately $200 million.
(c) mainly includes the company's investment in the cw as well as its other domestic and international television joint ventures.
(d) 2016 and 2015 primarily reflect sales of internet businesses in china.
ii-32
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
financing activities year ended december 31,                                                  2017                2016                2015
repurchase of cbs corp. class b common stock                      $(1,111   )         $(2,997   )         $(2,813   )
proceeds from (repayments of) short-term debt borrowings, net         229                 450                (616   )
proceeds from issuance of senior notes                              1,773                 684               1,959
repayment of senior notes and debentures                           (1,244   )            (199   )               -
proceeds from debt borrowings of cbs radio                             40               1,452                   -
repayment of debt borrowings of cbs radio                             (43   )            (110   )               -
dividends                                                            (296   )            (288   )            (300   )
payment of payroll taxes in lieu of issuing shares for                (89   )             (58   )             (96   )
stock-based compensation proceeds from exercise of stock options                                91                  21                 142
all other financing activities, net                                   (27   )              (1   )              71
cash flow used for financing activities                             $(677   )         $(1,046   )         $(1,653   )
free cash flow free cash flow is a non-gaap financial measure. free cash flow reflects the company's net cash flow provided by (used for) operating activities before operating cash flow from discontinued operations and discretionary contributions to prefund the company's pension plans, and including capital expenditures. the company's calculation of free cash flow includes capital expenditures because investment in capital expenditures is a use of cash that is directly related to the company's operations. free cash flow excludes discretionary contributions to prefund the company's pension plans because management assesses the company's ability to generate operating cash flows without considering the impact from discretionary pension contributions, and decisions regarding the timing of pension plan funding are not dependent on the level of operating cash flows generated during the period. the company's net cash flow provided by (used for) operating activities is the most directly comparable gaap financial measure.
management believes free cash flow provides investors with an important perspective on the cash available to the company to service debt, make strategic acquisitions and investments, maintain its capital assets, satisfy its tax obligations, and fund ongoing operations and working capital needs. as a result, free cash flow is a significant measure of the company's ability to generate long-term value. it is useful for investors to know whether this ability is being enhanced or degraded as a result of the company's operating performance. the company believes the presentation of free cash flow is relevant and useful for investors because it allows investors to evaluate the cash generated from the company's underlying operations in a manner similar to the method used by management. free cash flow is one of several components of incentive compensation targets for certain management personnel. in addition, free cash flow is a primary measure used externally by the company's investors, analysts and industry peers for purposes of valuation and comparison of the company's operating performance to other companies in its industry.
as free cash flow is not a measure calculated in accordance with gaap, free cash flow should not be considered in isolation of, or as a substitute for, either net cash flow provided by (used for) operating activities as a measure of liquidity or net earnings as a measure of operating performance. free cash flow, as the company calculates it, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures employed by other companies. in addition, free cash flow as a measure of liquidity has certain limitations, does not necessarily represent funds available for discretionary use and is not necessarily a measure of the company's ability to fund its cash needs. when comparing free cash flow to net cash flow provided by (used for) operating activities, the most directly comparable gaap financial measure, users of this financial information should consider the types of events and transactions that are not reflected in free cash flow.
ii-33
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
the following table presents a reconciliation of the company's free cash flow to net cash flow provided by operating activities.
year ended december 31,                                                               2017                2016                2015
net cash flow provided by operating activities                                    $887              $1,685              $1,394
capital expenditures                                                              (185   )            (196   )            (171   )
exclude discretionary pension plan contributions, net of tax of $219 million      (381   )               -                   -
exclude operating cash flow from discontinued operations                            94                 231                 205
free cash flow                                                                    $989              $1,258              $1,018
dividends for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, the company declared total per share dividends of $.72, $.66, and $.60, respectively, which resulted in total annual dividends of $289 million, $294 million and $293 million, respectively.
on february 1, 2018, the company announced a quarterly cash dividend of $.18 per share on its class a and class b common stock, payable on april 1, 2018.
share repurchase program during 2017, the company repurchased 16.2 million shares of cbs corp. class b common stock under its share repurchase program for $1.05 billion, at an average cost of $64.70 per share. at december 31, 2017, $3.06 billion of authorization remained under the share repurchase program.
also during 2017, the company completed the split-off of cbs radio through an exchange offer, in which the company accepted 17.9 million shares of cbs corp. class b common stock from its stockholders in exchange for the 101.4 million shares of cbs radio common stock that it owned. (see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements.)
capital structure the following table sets forth the company's debt.
at december 31,                                         2017                2016
commercial paper                                    $679                $450
senior debt (1.95%-7.875% due 2017-2045)           9,426               8,850
obligations under capital leases                      57                  75
total debt (a)                                    10,162               9,375
less commercial paper                                679                 450
less current portion of long-term debt                19                  23
total long-term debt, net of current portion      $9,464              $8,902
(a)   at december 31, 2017 and 2016, the senior debt balances included (i) a net unamortized discount of $65 million and $52 million, respectively, (ii) unamortized deferred financing costs of $47 million and $43 million, respectively, and (iii) a $3 million decrease and a $5 million increase, respectively, in the carrying value of the debt relating to previously settled fair value hedges. the face value of the company's total debt was $10.28 billion at december 31, 2017 and $9.47 billion at december 31, 2016.
ii-34
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
for the year ended december 31, 2017, debt issuances, redemptions and repayments were as follows:
debt issuances november 2017, $400 million 2.90% senior notes due 2023
november 2017, $500 million 3.70% senior notes due 2028
july 2017, $400 million 2.50% senior notes due 2023
july 2017, $500 million 3.375% senior notes due 2028
debt redemptions november 2017, $500 million 5.750% senior notes due 2020
july 2017, $300 million 4.625% senior notes due 2018
debt repayments july 2017, $400 million 1.950% senior notes due 2017, upon maturity the company used the net proceeds from the 2017 issuances for the redemption and repayment of $1.20 billion of senior notes and for general corporate purposes, including discretionary contributions to the company's qualified pension plans and the repayment of short-term borrowings, including commercial paper.
the early redemption of the $500 million 5.750% senior notes due april 2020 and the $300 million 4.625% senior notes due may 2018 resulted in a pre-tax loss on early extinguishment of debt of $49 million ($31 million, net of tax) for the year ended december 31, 2017.
during july 2016, the company issued $700 million of 2.90% senior notes due 2027 and used the net proceeds for general corporate purposes, including the repurchase of cbs corp. class b common stock and the repayment of short-term borrowings, including commercial paper. during january 2016, the company repaid its $200 million of outstanding 7.625% senior debentures upon maturity.
at december 31, 2017, the company's scheduled maturities of long-term debt at face value, excluding capital leases, were as follows:
2023 and
2018                              2019               2020             2021               2022                    thereafter long-term debt      $-                  $600            $-                  $300               $700            $7,940
commercial paper the company had outstanding commercial paper borrowings under its $2.50 billion commercial paper program of $679 million and $450 million at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, each with maturities of less than 90 days. the weighted average interest rate for these borrowings was 1.88% and 0.98% at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
credit facility at december 31, 2017, the company had a $2.5 billion revolving credit facility (the "credit facility") which expires in june 2021. the company, at its option, may also borrow in certain foreign currencies up to specified limits under the credit facility. borrowing rates under the credit facility are determined at the company's option at the time of each borrowing and are based generally on the prime rate in the u.s. or libor plus a margin based on the company's senior unsecured debt rating. the company pays a facility fee based on the total amount of the commitments.
ii-35
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
the credit facility requires the company to maintain a maximum consolidated leverage ratio of 4.5x at the end of each quarter as further described in the credit facility. at december 31, 2017, the company's consolidated leverage ratio was approximately 3.1x.
the consolidated leverage ratio reflects the ratio of the company's indebtedness from continuing operations, adjusted to exclude certain capital lease obligations, at the end of a quarter, to the company's consolidated ebitda for the trailing four consecutive quarters.  consolidated ebitda is defined in the credit facility as operating income plus interest income and before depreciation, amortization and certain other noncash items.
the credit facility is used for general corporate purposes. at december 31, 2017, the company had no borrowings outstanding under the credit facility and the remaining availability under the credit facility, net of outstanding letters of credit, was $2.49 billion.
liquidity and capital resources the company continually projects anticipated cash requirements for its operating, investing and financing needs as well as cash flows generated from operating activities available to meet these needs.  the company's operating needs include, among other items, commitments for sports programming rights, television and film programming, talent contracts, operating leases, interest payments, and pension funding obligations. the company's investing and financing spending includes capital expenditures, share repurchases, dividends and principal payments on its outstanding indebtedness. the company believes that its operating cash flows, cash and cash equivalents, borrowing capacity under its credit facility, which had $2.49 billion of remaining availability at december 31, 2017, and access to capital markets are sufficient to fund its operating, investing and financing requirements for the next twelve months.
the company's funding for short-term and long-term obligations will come primarily from cash flows from operating activities.  any additional cash funding requirements are financed with short-term borrowings, including commercial paper, and long-term debt. to the extent that commercial paper is not available to the company, the existing credit facility provides sufficient capacity to satisfy short-term borrowing needs. the company routinely assesses its capital structure and opportunistically enters into transactions to lower its interest expense, which could result in a charge from the early extinguishment of debt.
funding for the company's long-term debt obligations due over the next five years of $1.60 billion is expected to come from the company's ability to refinance its debt and cash generated from operating activities.
at december 31, 2017, the company had $3.06 billion of remaining availability under its share repurchase program. share repurchases under the program are expected to be funded by cash flows from operations and, as appropriate, with short-term borrowings, including commercial paper, and/or the issuance of long-term debt.
ii-36
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
contractual obligations as of december 31, 2017, payments due by period under the company's significant contractual obligations with remaining terms in excess of one year were as follows:
payments due by period
2023 and total                2018             2019-2020             2021-2022            thereafter programming and talent commitments (a)                 $10,414              $2,281              $4,063                $3,276                  $794
purchase obligations (b)                                   790                 218                 423                    78                    71
operating leases (c)                                     1,122                 155                 240                   200                   527
long-term debt obligations (d)                           9,540                   -                 600                 1,000                 7,940
interest commitments on long-term debt (e)               5,122                 406                 793                   741                 3,182
capital lease obligations (including interest) (f)          62                  19                  27                    16                     -
other long-term contractual obligations (g)              1,834                   -               1,081                   425                   328
total                                                  $28,884              $3,079              $7,227                $5,736               $12,842
(a) programming and talent commitments of the company primarily include $7.30 billion for sports programming rights, $2.44 billion relating to the production and licensing of television and film programming, and $672 million for talent contracts.
(b) purchase obligations include agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including open purchase orders.
(c) consists of long-term noncancellable operating lease commitments for office space, equipment, transponders and studio facilities.
(d) long-term debt obligations are presented at face value, excluding capital leases.
(e) future interest based on scheduled debt maturities, excluding capital leases.
(f) includes capital leases for satellite transponders.
(g) reflects long-term contractual obligations recorded on the company's consolidated balance sheet, including program liabilities; participations due to producers; residuals; and a tax liability resulting from the enactment of the tax reform act in december 2017. this tax liability reflects the estimated tax on the company's historical accumulated foreign earnings and profits, which is payable to the irs over eight years.
the table above excludes $138 million of reserves for uncertain tax positions and the related accrued interest and penalties, as the company cannot reasonably predict the amount of and timing of cash payments relating to this obligation.
in 2018, the company expects to make contributions of approximately $53 million to its non-qualified pension plans to satisfy the benefit payments due under these plans. also in 2018, the company expects to contribute approximately $49 million to its other postretirement benefit plans to satisfy the company's portion of benefit payments due under these plans.
guarantees the company has indemnification obligations with respect to letters of credit and surety bonds primarily used as security against non-performance in the normal course of business. at december 31, 2017, the outstanding letters of credit and surety bonds approximated $99 million and were not recorded on the consolidated balance sheet.
in the course of its business, the company both provides and receives indemnities which are intended to allocate certain risks associated with business transactions. similarly, the company may remain contingently liable for various obligations of a business that has been divested in the event that a third party does not live up to its obligations under an indemnification obligation. the company records a liability for its indemnification obligations and other contingent liabilities when probable and reasonably estimable.
ii-37
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
critical accounting policies the preparation of the company's financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.  on an ongoing basis, the company evaluates its estimates, which are based on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.  the result of these evaluations forms the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities and the reported amount of revenues and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources.  actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions.
the company considers the following accounting policies to be the most critical as they are important to the company's financial condition and results of operations, and require significant judgment and estimates on the part of management in its application.  for a summary of the company's significant accounting policies see the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.
programming and production costs accounting for the company's television production costs requires management's judgment as it relates to total estimated revenues to be earned ("ultimate revenues") and costs to be incurred throughout the life of each television program.  these estimates are used to determine the amortization of capitalized production costs, expensing of participation costs, and any necessary net realizable value adjustments to capitalized production costs.  for each television program, management bases these estimates on the performance in the initial markets, the existence of future firm commitments to sell and the past performance of similar television programs.
the costs incurred in acquiring television series and feature film programming are capitalized when the program is accepted and available for airing and the costs of programming rights licensed under multi-year sports programming agreements are capitalized if the rights payments are made before the related economic benefit has been received. these costs are expensed over the period in which an economic benefit is expected to be derived. the economic benefit is determined based on management's estimates of revenues to be derived from the programming. management's judgment is required in determining the value of the future economic benefit and timing of the expensing of these costs.
ultimate revenue estimates for internally produced television programming, and the estimated economic benefit for acquired programming, which includes television series, feature films and sports, are updated regularly based on information available as the television program or film progresses through its life cycle or contractual term. overestimating ultimate revenues for internally produced programming or a failure to adjust for a downward revision in the estimated economic benefit to be generated from acquired programming could result in the understatement of the amortization of capitalized production or programming costs, future net realizable value adjustments and/or estimated accruals for participation expense.
impairment of goodwill and intangible assets the company performs a fair value-based impairment test of goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives, comprised of fcc licenses, annually during the fourth quarter and also between annual tests if an event occurs or if circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit or an indefinite-lived intangible asset below its carrying value. goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level. the company's reporting units are one level below its operating segments, except for the publishing reporting unit, which is the same as its operating segment because this operating segment has only one component. fcc licenses are tested for impairment at the geographic market level. the company considers each geographic market, which is comprised of ii-38
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
all of the company's television stations within that geographic market, to be a single unit of accounting because the fcc licenses at this level represent their highest and best use. at december 31, 2017 the company had eight reporting units with goodwill balances, and 14 television markets with fcc license book values.
television fcc licenses- for its annual impairment test, the company performs qualitative assessments for each market that management estimates has an aggregate fair value of fcc licenses that significantly exceed their respective carrying values. in selecting markets for a qualitative assessment the company also considers the duration of time since a quantitative test was performed. for the 2017 annual impairment test, the company performed qualitative assessments for 11 television markets. for each of these markets, the company weighed the relative impact of market-specific and macroeconomic factors. the market-specific factors considered include recent projections by geographic market from both independent and internal sources for advertising revenue and operating costs, as well as market share and capital expenditures. the company also considered the macroeconomic impact on discount rates and growth rates. based on the qualitative assessments, considering the aggregation of the relevant factors, the company concluded that it is not more likely than not that the fair values of the fcc licenses in each of these television markets are less than their respective carrying values. therefore, performing the quantitative impairment test was unnecessary.
for fcc licenses in the remaining television markets, the company performed a quantitative impairment test that compares the estimated fair value of the fcc licenses by geographic market with their respective carrying values.  the estimated fair value of each fcc license is computed using the greenfield discounted cash flow method (''greenfield method''), which attempts to isolate the income that is attributable to the license alone. the greenfield method is based upon modeling a hypothetical start-up station and building it up to a normalized operation that, by design, lacks inherent goodwill and whose other assets have essentially been added as part of the build-up process. the greenfield method adds the present value of the estimated annual cash flows of the start-up station over a projection period to the residual value at the end of the projection period. the annual cash flows over the projection period include assumptions for overall advertising revenues in the relevant geographic market, the start-up station's operating costs and capital expenditures, and a five-year build-up period for the start-up station to reach a normalized state of operations, which reflects the point at which it achieves an average market share. the overall market advertising revenue in the subject market is estimated based on recent industry projections. operating costs and capital expenditures are estimated based on both industry and internal data. the residual value is calculated using a perpetual nominal growth rate, which is based on projected long-range inflation in the u.s. and long-term industry projections. the discount rate is determined based on the average of the weighted average cost of capital of comparable entities in the broadcast industry. the discount rates and perpetual nominal growth rates used for each television station for 2017 were 7.5% and 2.0%, respectively.
for the three television markets for which a quantitative test was performed in 2017, the company concluded that the estimated fair values of fcc licenses in each market exceeded their respective carrying values and therefore no impairment charge was required. the estimated fair value of one television market, which had a carrying value of fcc licenses of $74 million, exceeded its carrying value by 6%. in each of the remaining television markets, the estimated fair value of fcc licenses was in excess of the respective carrying values by more than 10%.
the estimated fair values of the fcc licenses are highly dependent on the assumptions of future economic conditions in the individual geographic markets in which the company owns and operates television stations. certain future events and circumstances, including deterioration of market conditions, higher cost of capital, or a decline in the local television advertising marketplace could result in a downward revision to the company's current assumptions and judgments. various factors may contribute to a future decline in any local television advertising marketplace including declines in economic conditions; an other-than-temporary decrease in spending by advertisers in certain industries that have historically represented a significant portion of the local television advertising revenues; a shift by advertisers to competing advertising platforms; changes in consumer behavior; and/or a change in population size.
ii-39
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
a downward revision to the present value of future cash flows could result in impairment and a noncash charge would be required.  such a charge could have a material effect on the company's consolidated statement of operations and consolidated balance sheet.
goodwill-for its annual impairment test, the company performs qualitative assessments for each reporting unit that management estimates have fair values that significantly exceed their respective carrying values. for the 2017 annual impairment test, the company performed qualitative assessments for seven reporting units. for each of these reporting units, the company weighed the relative impact of factors that are specific to the reporting unit as well as industry and macroeconomic factors. the reporting unit specific factors that were considered included financial performance and changes to the reporting units' carrying amounts since the most recent impairment tests. for each industry in which the reporting units operate, the company considered growth projections from independent sources and significant developments or transactions within the industry. the company also determined that the impact of macroeconomic factors on the discount rates and growth rates used for the most recent impairment tests would not significantly affect the fair value of the reporting units.  based on the qualitative assessments, considering the aggregation of the relevant factors, the company concluded that for these seven reporting units, it is not more likely than not that the fair value of each reporting unit is less than its respective carrying amount and therefore performing the quantitative impairment test was unnecessary.
for 2017, the company performed a quantitative goodwill impairment test for the cbs sports network reporting unit. the quantitative goodwill impairment test examines whether the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, which is computed based upon the present value of future cash flows ("discounted cash flow method") and the traded or transaction values of comparable businesses ("market comparable method"). if the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value, an impairment charge is recognized as the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value. for 2017, the discounted cash flow method and market comparable method for cbs sports network resulted in similar estimated fair values. the discounted cash flow method adds the present value of the estimated annual cash flows over a discrete projection period to the residual value of the business at the end of the projection period. this technique requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions such as growth rates, operating margins, capital expenditures and discount rates. the estimated growth rates, operating margins and capital expenditures for the projection period are based on the company's internal forecasts of future performance as well as historical trends.  the residual value is estimated based on a perpetual nominal growth rate, which is based on projected long-range inflation and long-term industry projections and for 2017 was 2.0%. the discount rate was determined based on the average of the weighted average cost of capital of comparable entities and for 2017 was 8.5%.
for the 2017 annual impairment test the company concluded that the estimated fair value of the cbs sports network reporting unit, which had a goodwill balance of $261 million, exceeded its carrying value by 4% and therefore no impairment charge was required. an increase to the discount rate of 25 basis points, or a decrease to the perpetual nominal growth rate of 35 basis points, assuming no changes to other factors, would cause the fair value of the cbs sports network reporting unit to fall below its carrying value.
certain future events and circumstances, including deterioration of market conditions, higher cost of capital, a decline in the advertising market, a decrease in audience acceptance of programming, a shift by advertisers to competing advertising platforms; and/or changes in consumer behavior could result in changes to the company's assumptions and judgments used in its goodwill impairment tests. a downward revision of these assumptions could cause the fair values of the reporting units to fall below their respective carrying values and a noncash impairment charge would be required. such a charge could have a material effect on the company's consolidated statement of operations and consolidated balance sheet.
ii-40
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
reserves and legal matters estimates of reserves and liabilities related to legal issues and discontinued businesses, including asbestos and environmental matters, require significant judgments by management.  the company continually evaluates these estimates based on changes in the relevant facts and circumstances and events that may impact estimates.  while management believes that the current reserves for matters related to predecessor operations of the company, including environmental and asbestos, are adequate, there can be no assurance that circumstances will not change in future periods. this belief is based upon many factors and assumptions, including the number of outstanding claims, estimated average cost per claim, the breakdown of claims by disease type, historic claim filings, costs per claim of resolution and the filing of new claims.
pensions pension benefit obligations and net periodic pension costs are calculated using many actuarial assumptions. two key assumptions used in accounting for pension liabilities and expenses are the discount rate and expected rate of return on plan assets. the discount rate is determined based on the yield on a portfolio of high quality bonds, constructed to provide cash flows necessary to meet the company's pension plans' expected future benefit payments, as determined for the projected benefit obligation. the expected return on plan assets assumption is derived using the current and expected asset allocation of the pension plan assets and considering historical as well as expected returns on various classes of plan assets. as of december 31, 2017, the unrecognized actuarial losses included in accumulated other comprehensive income decreased from the prior year-end due primarily to the company's purchase of a group annuity contract, under which an insurance company has permanently assumed the obligation to pay and administer pension benefits to certain of the company's pension plan participants, or their designated beneficiaries, which accelerated the recognition of unamortized actuarial losses. this reduction in unrecognized actuarial losses was partially offset by the impact from a decrease in the discount rate. a 25 basis point change in the discount rate will result in an estimated change to the projected benefit obligation of approximately $104 million and would not have a material impact on 2018 pension expense. a decrease in the expected rate of return on plan assets would increase pension expense.  the estimated impact of a 25 basis point change in the expected rate of return on plan assets is a change of approximately $7 million to 2018 pension expense.
income taxes the company is subject to income taxes in both the u.s. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. significant judgment is required in determining the worldwide provision for income taxes.  when recording an interim worldwide provision for income taxes, an estimated effective tax rate for the year is applied to interim operating results.  in the event there is a significant or unusual item recognized in the quarterly operating results, the tax attributable to that item is separately calculated and recorded in the same quarter. a number of years may elapse before a tax return containing tax matters for which a reserve has been established is audited and finally resolved. for positions taken in a previously filed tax return or expected to be taken in a future tax return, the company evaluates each position to determine whether it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon examination, based on the technical merits of the position.  a tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold is subject to a measurement assessment to determine the amount of benefit to recognize in the consolidated statement of operations and the appropriate reserve to establish, if any.  if a tax position does not meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold a tax reserve is established and no benefit is recognized. the company is continually audited by u.s. federal and state as well as foreign tax authorities.  while it is often difficult to predict the final outcome or the timing of resolution of any particular tax matter, the company believes that its reserve for uncertain tax positions of $138 million at december 31, 2017 is properly recorded pursuant to the recognition and measurement provisions of fasb guidance for uncertainty in income taxes.
ii-41
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
as a result of the enactment of the tax reform act on december 22, 2017, the company recorded a provisional charge of $407 million for the estimated tax impact on the company's historical accumulated foreign earnings and profits. this amount was based on the company's current estimate; however, the final impact of the tax reform act may differ materially from this estimate since all of the necessary information was not available, prepared or analyzed in sufficient detail to complete the assessment of the tax reform act. in addition, future interpretive guidance issued by federal and state tax authorities may impact this provisional amount. the company will complete its analysis of this provisional amount and finalize and record any adjustments to its estimate within one year from the enactment of the tax reform act.
legal matters general. on an ongoing basis, the company vigorously defends itself in numerous lawsuits and proceedings and responds to various investigations and inquiries from federal, state, local and international authorities (collectively, ''litigation''). litigation may be brought against the company without merit, is inherently uncertain and always difficult to predict. however, based on its understanding and evaluation of the relevant facts and circumstances, the company believes that the below-described legal matters and other litigation to which it is a party are not likely, in the aggregate, to have a material adverse effect on its results of operations, financial position or cash flows. under the separation agreement between the company and viacom inc., the company and viacom inc. have agreed to defend and indemnify the other in certain litigation in which the company and/or viacom inc. is named.
claims related to former businesses: asbestos. the company is a defendant in lawsuits claiming various personal injuries related to asbestos and other materials, which allegedly occurred as a result of exposure caused by various products manufactured by westinghouse, a predecessor, generally prior to the early 1970s. westinghouse was neither a producer nor a manufacturer of asbestos. the company is typically named as one of a large number of defendants in both state and federal cases. in the majority of asbestos lawsuits, the plaintiffs have not identified which of the company's products is the basis of a claim. claims against the company in which a product has been identified principally relate to exposures allegedly caused by asbestos-containing insulating material in turbines sold for power-generation, industrial and marine use.
claims are frequently filed and/or settled in groups, which may make the amount and timing of settlements, and the number of pending claims, subject to significant fluctuation from period to period. the company does not report as pending those claims on inactive, stayed, deferred or similar dockets which some jurisdictions have established for claimants who allege minimal or no impairment. as of december 31, 2017, the company had pending approximately 31,660 asbestos claims, as compared with approximately 33,610 as of december 31, 2016 and 36,030 as of december 31, 2015. during 2017, the company received approximately 3,530 new claims and closed or moved to an inactive docket approximately 5,480 claims. the company reports claims as closed when it becomes aware that a dismissal order has been entered by a court or when the company has reached agreement with the claimants on the material terms of a settlement. settlement costs depend on the seriousness of the injuries that form the basis of the claims, the quality of evidence supporting the claims and other factors. the company's total costs for the years 2017 and 2016 for settlement and defense of asbestos claims after insurance recoveries and net of tax were approximately $57 million and $48 million, respectively. the company's costs for settlement and defense of asbestos claims may vary year to year and insurance proceeds are not always recovered in the same period as the insured portion of the expenses.
filings include claims for individuals suffering from mesothelioma, a rare cancer, the risk of which is allegedly increased by exposure to asbestos; lung cancer, a cancer which may be caused by various factors, one of which is alleged to be asbestos exposure; other cancers, and conditions that are substantially less serious, including claims brought on behalf of individuals who are asymptomatic as to an allegedly asbestos-related disease. the predominant number of pending claims against the company are non-cancer claims. the company believes that its reserves and ii-42
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
insurance are adequate to cover its asbestos liabilities. this belief is based upon many factors and assumptions, including the number of outstanding claims, estimated average cost per claim, the breakdown of claims by disease type, historic claim filings, costs per claim of resolution and the filing of new claims. while the number of asbestos claims filed against the company has remained generally flat in recent years, it is difficult to predict future asbestos liabilities, as events and circumstances may occur including, among others, the number and types of claims and average cost to resolve such claims, which could affect the company's estimate of its asbestos liabilities.
other. the company from time to time receives claims from federal and state environmental regulatory agencies and other entities asserting that it is or may be liable for environmental cleanup costs and related damages principally relating to historical and predecessor operations of the company. in addition, the company from time to time receives personal injury claims including toxic tort and product liability claims (other than asbestos) arising from historical operations of the company and its predecessors.
market risk the company is exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates and uses derivative financial instruments to manage this exposure. in accordance with its policy, the company does not use derivative instruments unless there is an underlying exposure and, therefore, the company does not hold or enter into derivative financial instruments for speculative trading purposes.
foreign exchange risk the company conducts business in various countries outside the u.s., resulting in exposure to movements in foreign exchange rates when translating from the foreign local currency to the u.s. dollar. in order to hedge anticipated cash flows in currencies such as the british pound, the euro, the canadian dollar and the australian dollar, foreign currency forward contracts, for periods generally up to 24 months, are used. additionally, the company designates forward contracts used to hedge committed and forecasted foreign currency transactions as cash flow hedges. gains or losses on the effective portion of designated cash flow hedges are initially recorded in other comprehensive income (loss) and reclassified to the statement of operations when the hedged item is recognized. additionally, the company enters into non-designated forward contracts to hedge non-u.s. dollar denominated cash flows. the change in fair value of the non-designated contracts is included in "other items, net" in the consolidated statements of operations. the company manages the use of foreign exchange derivatives centrally.
at december 31, 2017 and 2016, the notional amount of all foreign currency contracts was $410 million and $433 million, respectively, which represents hedges of expected foreign currency cash flows.
interest risk the company did not have any interest rate swaps outstanding at december 31, 2017 or december 31, 2016 but in the future may use derivatives to manage its exposure to interest rates.
ii-43
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
credit risk the company continually monitors its positions with, and credit quality of, the financial institutions that are counterparties to its financial instruments. the company is exposed to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the counterparties to the agreements. however, the company does not anticipate nonperformance by the counterparties.
the company's receivables do not represent significant concentrations of credit risk at december 31, 2017 or 2016, due to the wide variety of customers, markets and geographic areas to which the company's products and services are sold.
related parties for a discussion of related parties, see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements.
recent pronouncements and adoption of new accounting standards see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.
