item 1a. risk factors the following factors should be considered when reviewing our business. these factors could have a material adverse impact on our business, prospects, financial position, results of operations or cash flows and could cause results to differ materially from those expressed elsewhere in this report.
market and competition risks fluctuations in the wholesale power and natural gas markets could negatively affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
in the markets where we operate, natural gas prices have a major impact on the price that generators receive for their output. over the past several years, wholesale prices for natural gas have remained well below the peak levels experienced in 2008, in part due to increased shale gas production as extraction technology has improved. lower gas prices have resulted in lower electricity prices, which have reduced our margins as nuclear and coal generation costs have not declined similarly.
pseg and power continue to monitor their remaining coal assets, including the keystone and conemaugh generating stations, to ensure their economic viability through the end of their designated useful lives and their continued classification as held for use. the precise timing of a change in useful lives may be dependent upon events out of pseg's and power's control and may impact our ability to operate or maintain these assets in the future. these generating stations may be impacted by factors such as continued depressed wholesale power prices or capacity factors, among other things. any early retirement of these coal units before the end of their current estimated useful lives or change in the classification as held for use may have a material adverse impact on pseg's and power's future financial results.
the decline in market prices of energy, resulting from low natural gas prices driven by the growth of shale gas production since 2007, the continuing cost of regulatory compliance and enhanced security for nuclear facilities, both federal and state-level policies that provide financial incentives to construct renewable energy such as wind and solar and the failure to adequately compensate nuclear generating stations for the attributes they bring similar to renewable energy production have been contributing factors to the significantly reduced revenues from nuclear generating stations while simultaneously raising the unit cost of production.
in the ordinary course, management, and in the case of the salem units the co-owner, each makes a number of decisions that impact the operation of our nuclear units beyond the current year, including whether and to what extent these units participate in rpm capacity auctions, commitments relating to refueling outages and significant capital expenditures, and decisions regarding our hedging arrangements. when considering whether to make these future commitments, management's decisions will primarily be influenced by the financial outlook of the units, including the progress, timing and continued outlook for enactment of proposed legislation in the state of new jersey. we cannot predict whether the legislation will be enacted or, if enacted, whether our nuclear generating stations in new jersey will be selected or whether the legislation will provide a sufficient safety net for the continued operation of nuclear generating stations in new jersey.
if market prices continue to be depressed and legislation is not enacted that adequately compensates nuclear generating stations for their attributes, power anticipates it will no longer be covering its costs nor be adequately compensated for its market and operational risks at the salem and hope creek nuclear units and would anticipate retiring these units early. the costs associated with any such retirement, which may include, among other things, accelerated depreciation and amortization or impairment charges, accelerated asset retirement costs, severance costs, environmental remediation costs and additional funding of the nuclear decommissioning trust fund (ndt) would be material to both pseg and power.
we may be unable to obtain an adequate fuel supply in the future.
we obtain substantially all of our physical natural gas, coal and nuclear fuel supply from third parties pursuant to arrangements that vary in term, pricing structure, firmness and delivery flexibility. our fuel supply arrangements must be coordinated with transportation agreements, balancing agreements, storage services, financial hedging transactions and other contracts to ensure that the natural gas, coal and nuclear fuel are delivered to our power plants at the times, in the quantities and otherwise in a manner that meets the needs of our generation portfolio and our customers. we must also comply with laws and regulations governing the transportation of such fuels.
additionally, the pjm power market has recently experienced an increase in natural gas-fired generation assets that supply electricity to the region. as a result, there has been a corresponding increase in the need for natural gas transportation assets to serve power generation assets. when extreme cold temperatures significantly increase the demand for natural gas used for residential heating, it can also create constraints on natural gas pipelines that serve power generation assets. when these conditions exist, it could interrupt the fuel supply to our natural gas-fired power plants in the pjm power market.
we are exposed to increases in the price of natural gas, coal and nuclear fuel, and it is possible that sufficient supplies to operate our generating facilities profitably may not continue to be available to us. significant changes in the price of natural gas, coal
27
and nuclear fuel could affect our future results and impact our liquidity needs. in addition, we face risks with regard to the delivery to, and the use of natural gas, coal and nuclear fuel by, our power plants including the following:
•   transportation may be unavailable if pipeline infrastructure is damaged or disabled;
•   pipeline tariff changes may adversely affect our ability to, or cost to, deliver such fuels;
•   creditworthiness of third-party suppliers, defaults by third-party suppliers on supply obligations and our ability to replace supplies currently under contract may delay or prevent timely delivery;
•   market liquidity for physical supplies of such fuels or availability of related services (e.g. storage) may be insufficient or available only at prices that are not acceptable to us;
•   variation in the quality of such fuels may adversely affect our power plant operations;
•   legislative or regulatory actions or requirements, including those related to pipeline integrity inspections, may increase the cost of such fuels;
•   fuel supplies diverted to residential heating may limit the availability of such fuels for our power plants; and
•   the loss of critical infrastructure, terrorist attacks (including cybersecurity breaches) or catastrophic events such as fires, earthquakes, explosions, floods, severe storms or other similar occurrences could impede the delivery of such fuels.
our nuclear units have a diversified portfolio of contracts and inventory that provide a substantial portion of our fuel raw material needs over the next several years. however, each of our nuclear units has contracted with a single fuel fabrication services provider, and transitioning to an alternative provider could take an extended period of time. certain of our other generation facilities also require fuel or other services that may only be available from one or a limited number of suppliers. the availability and price of this fuel may vary due to supplier financial or operational disruptions, transportation disruptions and force majeure. at times, such fuel may not be available at any price, or we may not be able to transport it to our facilities on a timely basis. in this case, we may not be able to run those facilities even if it would be profitable. if we had sold forward the power from such a facility, we could be required to supply or purchase power from alternate sources, perhaps at a loss. this could have a material adverse impact on our business, the financial results of specific plants and on our results of operations.
in march 2017, wec announced that it had filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy in new york. wec provides nuclear fuel fabrication services for salem units 1 and 2. in january 2018, brookfield business partners lp announced its intention to acquire wec. the acquisition is expected to close in 2018 if it receives the required approvals from the regulators and bankruptcy courts. no assurances can be given that the acquisition will be approved. in the event that wec is unable to continue to provide fabrication services, we can provide no assurance that power would be able to find alternative providers of such services in a timely manner or on acceptable terms. a failure by wec to perform its obligations during the pendency of, or following its emergence from, bankruptcy could have a material adverse impact on our business, the financial results of specific plants and on our results of operations.
although our fuel contract portfolio provides a degree of hedging against these market risks, such hedging may not be effective and future increases in our fuel costs could materially and adversely affect our liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. while our generation runs on a mix of fuels, primarily natural gas and nuclear fuel, an increase in the cost of any particular fuel ultimately used could impact our results of operations.
our inability to balance energy obligations with available supply could negatively impact results.
the revenues provided by the operation of our generating stations are subject to market risks that are beyond our control. generation output will either be used to satisfy wholesale contract requirements or other bilateral contracts or be sold into competitive power markets. participants in the competitive power markets are not guaranteed any specified rate of return on their capital investments. generation revenues and results of operations are dependent upon prevailing market prices for energy, capacity, ancillary services and fuel supply in the markets served. changes in prevailing market prices could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
factors that may cause market price fluctuations include:
•   increases and decreases in generation capacity, including the addition of new supplies of power as a result of the development of new power plants, expansion of existing power plants or additional transmission capacity;
•   power transmission or fuel transportation capacity constraints or inefficiencies;
•   power supply disruptions, including power plant outages and transmission disruptions;
•   weather conditions, particularly unusually mild summers or warm winters in our market areas;
•   quarterly and seasonal fluctuations;
28
•   economic and political conditions that could negatively impact demand for power;
•   changes in the supply of, and demand for, energy commodities;
•   development of new fuels or new technologies for the production or storage of power;
•   federal and state regulations and actions of the isos; and
•   federal and state power, market and environmental regulation and legislation, including financial incentives for new renewable energy generation capacity that could lead to oversupply.
our generation business frequently involves the establishment of forward sale positions in the wholesale energy markets on long-term and short-term bases. to the extent that we have produced or purchased energy in excess of our contracted obligations, a reduction in market prices could reduce profitability. conversely, to the extent that we have contracted obligations in excess of energy we have produced or purchased, an increase in market prices could reduce profitability. if the strategy we utilize to hedge our exposure to these various risks is not effective, we could incur material losses. our market positions can also be adversely affected by the level of volatility in the energy markets that, in turn, depends on various factors, including weather in various geographical areas, short-term supply and demand imbalances, customer migration and pricing differentials at various geographic locations. these risks cannot be predicted with certainty.
increases in market prices also affect our ability to hedge generation output and fuel requirements as the obligation to post margin increases with increasing prices.
we face significant competition in the wholesale energy and capacity markets.
our wholesale power and marketing businesses are subject to significant competition that may adversely affect our ability to make investments or sales on favorable terms and achieve our business objectives. increased competition could contribute to a reduction in prices offered for power and could result in lower earnings. decreased competition could negatively impact results through a decline in market liquidity. regulatory, environmental, industry and other operational developments will have a significant impact on our ability to compete in energy and capacity markets, potentially resulting in erosion of our market share and impairment in the value of our power plants. recently, certain states have taken, or are considering taking, actions to subsidize or otherwise provide economic support to renewables, energy efficiency initiatives and existing, uneconomic generation facilities that could adversely affect capacity and energy prices. increased generation supply and lower energy prices due to these subsidies could have an adverse impact on our results of operations.
the introduction or expansion of technologies related to energy generation, distribution and consumption and changes in customer usage patterns and could adversely impact us.
the power generation business has seen a substantial change in the technologies used to produce power. newer generation facilities are often more efficient than aging facilities, which may put some of these older facilities at a competitive disadvantage to the extent newer facilities are able to consume the same or less fuel to achieve a higher level of generation output. federal and state incentives for the development and production of renewable sources of power have allowed for the penetration of competing technologies, such as wind, solar, and commercial-sized power storage. additionally, the development of dsm tools and practices can impact peak demand requirements for some of our markets at certain times during the year. the continued development of subsidized, competing power generation technologies and significant development of dsm tools and practices could alter the market and price structure for power generation and could result in a reduction in load requirements, negatively impacting our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. additionally, technological advances driven by federal laws mandating new levels of energy efficiency in end-use electric devices or other improvements in, or applications of, technology could lead to declines in per capita energy consumption.
advances in distributed generation technologies, such as fuel cells, micro turbines, micro grids, windmills and net-metered solar installations, may reduce the cost of alternative methods of producing electricity to a level that is competitive with that of most central station electric production. large customers, such as universities and hospitals, continue to explore potential micro grid installation. certain states, such as massachusetts and california, are also considering mandating the use of power storage resources to replace uneconomic or retiring generation facilities. such developments could (i) affect the price of energy, (ii) reduce energy deliveries as customer-owned generation becomes more cost-effective, (iii) require further improvements to our distribution systems to address changing load demands and (iv) make portions of our transmission and/or distribution facilities obsolete prior to the end of their useful lives. such technologies could also result in further declines in commodity prices or demand for delivered energy.
some or all of these factors, could result in a lack of growth or decline in customer demand for electricity or number of customers, and may cause us to fail to fully realize anticipated benefits from significant capital investments and expenditures, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. these factors could also materially affect our results of operations, cash flows or financial positions through, among other things, reduced operating
29
revenues, increased operating and maintenance expenses, and increased capital expenditures, as well as potential asset impairment charges or accelerated depreciation and decommissioning expenses over shortened remaining asset useful lives.
economic downturns would likely have a material adverse effect on our businesses.
our results of operations may be negatively affected by sustained downturns or sluggishness in the economy, including low levels in the market prices for power, generation capacity and natural gas, which can fluctuate substantially. increased unemployment of residential customers and decreased demand for products and services provided by commercial and industrial customers resulting from an economic downturn could lead to declines in the demand for energy and an increase in the number of uncollectible customer balances, which would negatively impact our overall sales and cash flows. although our utility business is subject to regulated allowable rates of return, overall declines in electricity and gas sold could materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. additionally, prolonged economic downturns that negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could result in future material impairment charges to write down the carrying value of certain assets to their respective fair values.
we are subject to third-party credit risk relating to our sale of generation output and purchase of fuel.
we sell generation output and buy fuel through the execution of bilateral contracts. we also seek to contract in advance for a significant proportion of our anticipated output capacity and fuel needs. these contracts are subject to credit risk, which relates to the ability of our counterparties to meet their contractual obligations to us. any failure to perform by these counterparties could require power to purchase or sell energy or fuel in the wholesale markets at less favorable prices and incur additional losses, which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, cash flows and financial position. in the spot markets, we are exposed to the risks of the default sharing mechanisms that exist in those markets, some of which attempt to spread the risk across all participants. therefore, a default by a third party could increase our costs, which could negatively impact our results of operations and cash flows.
financial market performance directly affects the asset values of our nuclear decommissioning trust funds and defined benefit plan trust funds. market performance and other factors could decrease the value of trust assets and could result in the need for significant additional funding.
the performance of the financial markets will affect the value of the assets that are held in trust to satisfy our future obligations under our defined benefit plans and to decommission our nuclear generating plants. a decline in the market value of our nuclear decommissioning trust funds could increase power's funding requirements to decommission its nuclear plants. a decline in the market value of the defined benefit plan trust funds could increase our pension and other postretirement benefit (opeb) plan funding requirements. the market value of our trusts could be negatively impacted by decreases in the rate of return on trust assets, decreased interest rates used to measure the required minimum funding levels and future government regulation. additional funding requirements for our defined benefit plans could be caused by changes in required or voluntary contributions, an increase in the number of employees becoming eligible to retire and changes in life expectancy assumptions. increased costs could also lead to additional funding requirements for our decommissioning trust. failure to adequately manage our investments in our nuclear decommissioning trust and defined benefit plan trusts could result in the need for us to make significant cash contributions in the future to maintain our funding at sufficient levels, which would negatively impact our results of operations, cash flows and financial position.
regulatory, legislative and legal risks pse&g's revenues, earnings and results of operations are dependent upon state laws and regulations that affect distribution and related activities.
pse&g is subject to regulation by the bpu. such regulation affects almost every aspect of its businesses, including its retail rates, and failure to comply with these regulations could have a material adverse impact on pse&g's ability to operate its business and could result in fines, penalties or sanctions. the retail rates for electric and gas distribution services are established in a base rate case and remain in effect until a new base rate case is filed and concluded. in january 2018, pse&g filed a distribution base rate case proceeding. in addition, our utility has received approval for several clause recovery mechanisms, some of which provide for recovery of costs and earn returns on authorized investments. these clause mechanisms require periodic updates to be reviewed and approved by the bpu and are subject to prudency reviews. inability to obtain fair or timely recovery of all our costs, including a return of, or on, our investments in rates, could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and cash flows. in addition, if legislative and regulatory structures were to evolve in such a way that pse&g's exclusive rights to serve its regulated customers were eroded, its future earnings could be negatively impacted.
efforts designed to promote and expand the use of energy efficiency measures and distributed generation technologies, such as rooftop solar and battery storage, in pse&g's service territories could result in customers leaving the electric distribution system and an increase in customer net energy metering. over time, customer adoption of these and other technologies and
30
increased energy efficiency could adversely impact pse&g's revenue and ability to fully recover its costs, which could require pse&g to pursue a rate case to adjust revenue requirements or seek recovery though other mechanisms.
the bpu also conducts periodic combined management/competitive service audits of new jersey utilities related to affiliate standard requirements, competitive services, cross-subsidization, cost allocation and other issues. a finding by the bpu of non-compliance with these requirements could result in fines, a reduction in pse&g's authorized base rate or the disallowance of the recovery of certain costs, which could have a materially adverse impact on our business, results of operations and cash flows.
in addition, pse&g procures the supply requirements of its default service bgss gas customers through a full-requirements contract with power. government officials, legislators and advocacy groups are aware of the affiliation between pse&g and power. in periods of rising utility rates, those officials and advocacy groups may question or challenge costs and transactions incurred by pse&g with power, irrespective of any previous regulatory processes or approvals underlying those transactions. the occurrence of such challenges may subject power to a level of scrutiny not faced by other unaffiliated competitors in those markets and could adversely affect retail rates received by pse&g in an effort to offset any perceived benefit to power from the affiliation.
pse&g periodically files base rate case proceedings. such proceedings are at times contentious, lengthy and subject to appeal, which could lead to uncertainty as to the ultimate results and which could introduce time delays in effectuating rate changes.
pse&g periodically files base rate case proceedings with the bpu. in particular, in january 2018, pse&g filed a distribution base rate case proceeding. these proceedings typically involve multiple parties, including governmental bodies and officials, consumer advocacy groups and various consumers of energy, who have differing concerns but who have the common objective of limiting rate increases or even reducing rates. the proceedings generally have timelines that may not be limited by statute. decisions are subject to appeal, potentially leading to additional uncertainty associated with the approval proceedings. the potential duration of such proceedings creates a risk that rates ultimately approved by the applicable regulatory body may not be sufficient for pse&g to recover its costs by the time the rates become effective. established rates are also subject to subsequent reviews by state regulators, whereby various portions of rates could be adjusted, including recovery mechanisms for costs associated with the procurement of electricity or gas, bad debt, manufactured gas plant (mgp) remediation, smart grid infrastructure and energy efficiency, demand response and renewable energy programs. if the base rate case proceeding is protracted or results in approved rates that do not allow pse&g to fully recover its costs or result in roes that are below historical levels, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows would be materially adversely impacted.
we are subject to comprehensive federal regulation that affects, or may affect, our businesses.
we are subject to regulation by federal authorities. such regulation affects almost every aspect of our businesses, including management and operations; the terms and rates of transmission services; investment strategies; the financing of our operations and the payment of dividends. failure to comply with these regulations could have a material adverse impact on our ability to operate our business and could result in fines, penalties or sanctions.
recovery of wholesale transmission rates-pse&g's wholesale transmission rates are regulated by ferc and are recovered through a ferc-approved formula rate. the revenue requirements are reset each year through this formula. in addition, transmission roes have recently become the target of certain state utility commissions, municipal utilities, consumer advocates and consumer groups seeking to lower customer rates. these agencies and groups have filed complaints with ferc asking to reduce the base roe of various transmission owners. they point to changes in the capital markets as justification for lowering the roe of these companies. while we are not the subject of any of these complaints, they could set a precedent for ferc-regulated transmission owners, such as pse&g. inability to obtain fair or timely recovery of all our costs, including a return of or on our investments in rates, could have a material adverse impact on our business.
north american electric reliability council (nerc) compliance-mandatory nerc and critical infrastructure protection standards have been established to ensure the reliability of the u.s. electric transmission and generation system and to prevent major system black-outs. we have been, and will continue to be, periodically audited by nerc for compliance and are subject to penalties for non-compliance with applicable nerc standards. failure to comply with such standards could result in penalties or increased costs to bring such facilities into compliance. such penalties and costs, as well as lost revenue from prolonged outages required to bring facilities into compliance with these standards, could materially adversely impact our business, results of operations and cash flows.
market-based rate (mbr) authority and other regulatory approvals-under ferc regulations, public utilities that wish to sell power at market rates must receive mbr authority before making power sales, and the majority of our businesses operate with such authority. failure to maintain mbr authorization, or the effects of any severe mitigation measures that may be required if market power was evaluated differently in the future, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
31
in november 2017, ferc issued an order accepting the triennial filing made by the pseg companies seeking authority to sell energy, capacity and ancillary services at market-based rates.
oversight by the commodity futures trading commission (cftc) relating to derivative transactions-the cftc has regulatory oversight of the swap and futures markets and options, including energy trading, and licensed futures professionals such as brokers, clearing members and large traders. changes to regulations or adoption of additional regulations by the cftc, including any regulations relating to position limits on futures and other derivatives or margin for derivatives and increased investigations by the cftc, could negatively impact power's ability to hedge its portfolio in an efficient, cost-effective manner by, among other things, potentially decreasing liquidity in the forward commodity and derivatives markets or limiting power's ability to utilize non-cash collateral for derivatives transactions.
we may also be required to obtain various other regulatory approvals to, among other things, buy or sell assets, engage in transactions between our public utility and our other subsidiaries, and, in some cases, enter into financing arrangements, issue securities and allow our subsidiaries to pay dividends. failure to obtain these approvals on a timely basis could materially adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows.
our ownership and operation of nuclear power plants involve regulatory, financial, environmental, health and safety risks.
approximately half of our total generation output each year is provided by our nuclear fleet. for this reason, we are exposed to risks related to the continued successful operation of our nuclear facilities and issues that may adversely affect the nuclear generation industry. these include:
storage and disposal of spent nuclear fuel-federal law requires the doe to provide for the permanent storage of spent nuclear fuel but the doe has not yet begun accepting spent nuclear fuel. until a federal site is available, we use on-site storage for spent nuclear fuel, which is reimbursed by the doe. however, future capital expenditures may be required to increase spent fuel storage capacity at our nuclear facilities. once a federal site is available, the doe may impose fees to support a permanent repository. in addition, the on-site storage for spent nuclear fuel may significantly increase the decommissioning costs of our nuclear units.
regulatory and legal risk-we may be required to substantially increase capital expenditures or operating or decommissioning costs at our nuclear facilities to the extent there is a change in the atomic energy act or the applicable regulations or the environmental rules and regulations applicable to nuclear facilities; a modification, suspension or revocation of licenses issued by the nrc; the imposition of civil penalties for failure to comply with the atomic energy act, related regulations or the terms and conditions of the licenses for nuclear generating facilities or the shutdown of one of our nuclear facilities. any such event could have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations.
operational risk-operations at any of our nuclear generating units could degrade to the point where the affected unit needs to be shut down or operated at less than full capacity. if this were to happen, identifying and correcting the causes may require significant time and expense. any significant outages could result in reduced earnings as we would need to purchase or generate higher-priced energy to meet our contractual obligations.
in addition, if a station cannot be operated through the end of its current estimated useful life, our results of operations could be adversely affected by increased depreciation rates, impairment charges and accelerated future decommissioning costs.
nuclear incident or accident risk-accidents and other unforeseen problems have occurred at nuclear stations, both in the u.s. and elsewhere. the consequences of an accident can be severe and may include loss of life, significant property damage and/or a change in the regulatory climate. we have nuclear units at two sites. it is possible that an accident or other incident at a nuclear generating unit could adversely affect our ability to continue to operate unaffected units located at the same site, which would further affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. an accident or incident at a nuclear unit not owned by us could also affect our ability to continue to operate our units. any resulting financial impact from a nuclear accident may exceed our resources, including insurance coverages. further, as a licensed nuclear operator subject to the price-anderson act and a member of a nuclear industry mutual insurance company, power is subject to potential retroactive assessments as a result of a nuclear incident or retroactive adverse loss experience.
in the event of non-compliance with applicable legislation, regulation and licenses, the nrc may increase regulatory oversight, impose fines, and/or shut down a unit, depending on its assessment of the severity of the non-compliance. if a serious nuclear incident were to occur, our business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. in each case, the amount and types of insurance commercially available to cover losses that might arise in connection with the operation of our nuclear fleet are limited and may be insufficient to cover any costs we may incur.
decommissioning-nrc regulations require that licensees of nuclear generating facilities demonstrate reasonable assurance that funds will be available to decommission the facility at the end of its useful life. pseg nuclear has established a nuclear decommissioning trust (ndt) to satisfy these obligations. however, forecasting trust fund investment earnings and costs to decommission nuclear generating stations requires significant judgment, and actual results could differ significantly from
32
current estimates. if we determine that it is necessary to retire one of our nuclear generating stations before the end of its useful life, there is a risk that it will no longer meet the nrc minimum funding requirements due to the earlier commencement of decommissioning activities and a shorter time period over which the ndt investments could appreciate in value. a shortfall could require pseg to post parental guarantees or make additional cash contributions to ensure that the ndt continues to satisfy the nrc minimum funding requirements. as a result, our financial position or cash flows could be significantly adversely affected.
we may be adversely affected by changes in energy regulatory policies, including energy and capacity market design rules and developments affecting transmission.
the energy industry continues to be regulated and the rules to which our businesses are subject are always at risk of being changed. our business has been impacted by established rules that create locational capacity markets in each of pjm, iso-ne and nyiso. under these rules, generators located in constrained areas are paid more for their capacity so there is an incentive to locate in those areas where generation capacity is most needed. because much of our generation has historically been located in constrained areas in pjm and iso-ne, the existence of these rules has had a positive impact on our revenues. pjm's capacity market design rules and iso-ne's forward capacity market rules continue to evolve, most recently in response to efforts to integrate public policy initiatives into the wholesale markets. any changes to these rules may have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we could also be impacted by a number of other events, including regulatory or legislative actions such as direct and indirect subsidies, favoring certain types of resources and/or technologies. further, some of the market-based mechanisms in which we participate, including bgs auctions, are at times the subject of review or discussion by some of the participants in the new jersey and federal arenas. we can provide no assurance that these mechanisms will continue to exist in their current form, nor otherwise be modified.
to the extent that additions to the transmission system relieve or reduce congestion in eastern pjm where most of our plants are located, power's capacity and energy revenues could be adversely affected. moreover, through changes encouraged by ferc to transmission planning processes, or through rto/iso initiatives to change their planning processes, more transmission may ultimately be built to facilitate renewable generation or support other public policy initiatives. any such addition to the transmission system could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
we are subject to numerous federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations that may significantly limit or affect our businesses, adversely impact our business plans or expose us to significant environmental fines and liabilities.
we are subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations regarding air quality, water quality, site remediation, land use, waste disposal, the impact on global climate, natural resources damages and other matters. these laws and regulations affect the manner in which we conduct our operations and make capital expenditures. we expect there will be changes to existing environmental laws and regulations, particularly in light of the change in administration following the 2016 u.s. presidential election. changes in these laws, or violations of laws, could result in significant increases in our compliance costs, capital expenditures to bring our facilities into compliance, operating costs for remediation and clean-up actions, civil penalties or damages from actions brought by third parties for alleged health or property damages. any such increase in our costs could have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows and could require further economic review to determine whether to continue operations or decommission an affected facility. we may also be unable to successfully recover certain of these cost increases through our existing regulatory rate structures, in the case of pse&g, or our contracts with our customers, in the case of power.
environmental laws and regulations have generally become more stringent over time, and this trend is likely to continue. in particular:
concerns over global climate change could result in laws and regulations to limit co2 emissions or other ghg emissions produced by our fossil generation facilities-federal and state legislation and regulation designed to address global climate change through the reduction of ghg emissions could materially impact our fossil generation facilities. for example, in 2015 the epa published new rules for both new and existing power plants. while the epa recently repealed these rules for existing power plants, actions by northeastern states, including new jersey, could have cost implications for our fossil generation facilities. such expenditures could materially affect the continued economic viability of one or more such facilities.
in addition to legislative and regulatory initiatives, the outcome of certain legal proceedings regarding alleged impacts of global climate change not involving us could be material to the future liability of energy companies. if relevant federal or state common law were to develop that imposed liability upon those that emit ghgs for alleged impacts of ghgs emissions, such potential liability to our fossil generation operations could be material.
potential closed-cycle cooling requirements-in 2014, the epa finalized rules regarding the regulation of cooling water intake structures. the epa has structured the rule so that each state will continue to consider renewal permits for existing power facilities on a case by case basis. the rule requires that facilities seeking permit renewals conduct a wide range of studies
33
related to impingement mortality and entrainment and submit the results with their permit applications. state actions to renew permits under the provisions of this rule are ongoing at this time.
if the njdep or the cteep were to require installation of closed-cycle cooling or its equivalent at any of our salem, bridgeport or new haven generating stations, the related increased costs and impacts would be material to our financial position, results of operations and cash flows and would require further economic review to determine whether to continue operations or decommission any such station.
remediation of environmental contamination at current or formerly-owned facilities-we are subject to liability under environmental laws for the costs of remediating environmental contamination of property now or formerly owned by us and of property contaminated by hazardous substances that we generated. remediation activities associated with our former manufactured gas plant (mgp) operations are one source of such costs. in addition, the historic operations of our companies and the operations of numerous other companies along the passaic and hackensack rivers are alleged by federal and state agencies to have discharged substantial contamination into the passaic river/newark bay complex in violation of various statutes. the epa is also evaluating the hackensack river, a tributary to newark bay, for inclusion in the superfund program. we are also involved in a number of proceedings relating to sites where other hazardous substances may have been discharged and may be subject to additional proceedings in the future, the related costs of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. new jersey law places affirmative obligations on us to investigate and, if necessary, remediate contaminated property upon which we were in any way responsible for a discharge of hazardous substances, impacting the speed by which we will need to investigate contaminated properties, which could adversely impact cash flows. we cannot predict what further actions, if any, or the costs or the timing thereof, that may be required with respect to these or other natural resource damages claims. however, exposure to natural resource damages could subject us to additional potentially material liability. for a discussion of these and other environmental matters, see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-note 13. commitments and contingent liabilities.
we may not receive necessary licenses and permits in a timely manner or at all, which could adversely impact our business and results of operations.
we must periodically apply for licenses and permits from various regulatory authorities, including environmental regulatory authorities, and abide by their respective orders. delay in obtaining, or failure to obtain and maintain, any permits or approvals, including environmental permits or approvals, or delay in or failure to satisfy any applicable regulatory requirements, could:
•   prevent construction of new facilities,
•   limit or prevent continued operation of existing facilities,
•   limit or prevent the sale of energy from these facilities, or
•   result in significant additional costs, each of which could materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. in addition, the process of obtaining licenses and permits from regulatory authorities may be delayed or defeated by concerted community opposition and such delay or defeat could have a material effect on our business.
we cannot predict the outcome of any legal, regulatory or other proceeding, settlement, investigation or claim relating to our business activities. an adverse determination could negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
from time to time we are involved in legal, regulatory and other proceedings or claims arising out of our business operations, the most significant of which are summarized in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-note 13. commitments and contingent liabilities. adverse outcomes in any of these proceedings could require significant expenditures that could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
in particular, as previously disclosed, power has discovered that it incorrectly calculated certain components of its cost-based bids for its new jersey fossil generating units in the pjm energy market. upon discovery of the errors, pseg retained outside counsel to assist in the conduct of an investigation into the matter and self-reported the errors to ferc, pjm and the pjm independent market monitor (imm). ferc staff initiated a preliminary, non-public staff investigation into the matter, which is ongoing. we are unable to reasonably estimate the range of possible loss for this matter; however, the amounts of potential disgorgement and other potential penalties that power may incur span a wide range depending on the success of pseg's legal arguments. if we do not prevail in whole or in part with ferc or in a judicial challenge that we may choose to pursue, it is likely that power would record additional losses and that such additional losses would be material to our results of operations.
34
changes in tax law and regulation and the inherent difficulty in quantifying potential tax effects of business decisions could negatively impact our results of operations and cash flows.
in december 2017, the tax act was enacted, which made significant changes to u.s. tax law. among other things, under the tax act, the statutory u.s. corporate income tax rate decreased from a maximum of 35% to 21%, effective january 1, 2018, and certain changes were made to bonus depreciation rules. however, the tax act is unclear in certain respects and will require interpretations and implementing regulations by the internal revenue service (irs), as well as state tax authorities, and the tax act could be subject to potential amendments and technical corrections. we cannot assess the impact that any such interpretations, regulations, amendments or corrections could have on our results of operations or financial condition. in addition, the regulatory treatment of certain impacts of the tax act will be subject to the discretion of ferc and the state regulators which we are unable to determine at this time.
we are subject to the provisions of the financial accounting standards board (fasb) accounting standards codification 740, income taxes (asc 740), which requires that the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates be recognized in the period the tax rate change was enacted. the impact of the rate change in 2017's financial statements is discussed in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-note 20. income taxes.
we do not have the necessary information available, prepared, or analyzed (including computations) in reasonable detail to complete the accounting under asc 740 for certain income tax effects of the tax act for the reporting period in which the tax act was enacted. accordingly, the amounts recognized in the current reporting period should be considered provisional, in accordance with sec staff accounting bulletin no. 118, and any revisions to these amounts could be material.
further, the tax act is unclear in certain respects and will require interpretations and implementing regulations by the internal revenue service (irs), as well as state tax authorities. the tax act could also be subject to potential amendments and technical corrections which could impact pseg, pse&g and power's financial statements.
in addition, we are required to make judgments in order to estimate our obligations to taxing authorities. these tax obligations include income, real estate, sales and use and employment-related taxes. these judgments can include reserves for potential adverse outcomes regarding tax positions that have been taken that could be subject to challenge by the tax authorities. if our actual tax obligations materially differ from our estimated obligations, our results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected.
operational risks because pseg is a holding company, its ability to meet its corporate funding needs, service debt and pay dividends could be limited.
pseg is a holding company with no material assets other than the stock or membership interests of its subsidiaries. accordingly, all of the operations of pseg are conducted by its subsidiaries, which are separate and distinct legal entities that have no obligation, contingent or otherwise, to pay the debt of pseg or to make any funds available to pseg to pay such debt or satisfy its other corporate funding needs. these corporate funding needs include pseg's operating expenses, the payment of interest on and principal of its outstanding indebtedness and the payment of dividends on its capital stock. as a result, pseg can give no assurances that its subsidiaries will be able to transfer funds to pseg to meet all of these obligations.
lack of growth or slower growth in the number of customers, or a decline in customer demand, could adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
growth in customer accounts and growth of customer usage each directly influence demand for electricity and the need for additional generation, transmission and distribution facilities. customer growth and customer usage may be affected by a number of factors, including:
•   regulatory incentives to reduce energy consumption;
•   mandated energy efficiency measures;
•   demand-side management tools;
•   technological advances; and
•   a shift in the composition of our customer base from commercial and industrial customers to residential customers.
some or all of these factors could result in a lack of growth or decline in customer demand for electricity and may prevent us from fully realizing the benefits from significant capital investments and expenditures, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
35
there may be periods when power may not be able to meet its commitments under forward sale obligations at a reasonable cost or at all.
a substantial portion of power's generation output has been sold forward under fixed price power sales contracts and power also sells forward the output from its intermediate and peaking facilities when it deems it commercially advantageous to do so. our forward sales of energy and capacity assume sustained, acceptable levels of operating performance. this is especially important at our lower-cost facilities. operations at any of our plants could degrade to the point where the plant has to shut down or operate at less than full capacity. some issues that could impact the operation of our facilities are:
•   breakdown or failure of equipment, information technology, processes or management effectiveness;
•   disruptions in the transmission of electricity;
•   labor disputes or work stoppages;
•   fuel supply interruptions;
•   transportation constraints;
•   limitations which may be imposed by environmental or other regulatory requirements; and
•   operator error, terrorist attacks (including cybersecurity breaches) or catastrophic events such as fires, earthquakes, explosions, floods, severe storms or other similar occurrences.
identifying and correcting any of these issues may require significant time and expense. depending on the materiality of the issue, we may choose to close a plant rather than incur the expense of restarting it or returning it to full capacity.
because the obligations under most of these agreements are not contingent on a unit being available to generate power, power is generally required to deliver power to the buyer, even in the event of a plant outage, fuel supply disruption or a reduction in the available capacity of the unit. to the extent that power does not have sufficient lower cost capacity to meet its commitments under its forward sale obligations, power would be required to supply replacement power either by running its other higher cost power plants or by obtaining power from third-party sources at market prices that could substantially exceed the contract price. this could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. if power fails to deliver the contracted power, it would be required to pay the difference between the market price at the delivery point and the contract price, and the amount of such payments could be substantial.
in addition, as market prices for energy and fuel fluctuate, our forward energy sale and forward fuel purchase contracts could require us to post substantial additional collateral, thus requiring us to obtain additional sources of liquidity during periods when our ability to do so may be limited.
certain of our generation facilities rely on transmission facilities that we do not own or control and that may be subject to transmission constraints. our inability to maintain adequate transmission capacity could restrict our ability to deliver wholesale electric power to our customers and we may either incur additional costs or forego revenues. conversely, improvements to certain transmission systems could also reduce revenues.
we depend on transmission facilities owned and operated by others to deliver the wholesale power we sell from our generation facilities. if transmission is disrupted or if the transmission capacity infrastructure is inadequate, our ability to sell and deliver wholesale power may be adversely impacted. if a region's power transmission infrastructure is inadequate, our recovery of wholesale costs and profits may be limited. if restrictive transmission price regulation is imposed, the transmission companies may not have sufficient incentive to invest in expansion of transmission infrastructure. we also cannot predict whether transmission facilities will be expanded in specific markets to accommodate competitive access to those markets.
in addition, in certain of the markets in which we operate, energy transmission congestion may occur and we may be deemed responsible for congestion costs if we schedule delivery of power between congestion zones during times when congestion occurs between the zones. if we were liable for such congestion costs, our financial results could be adversely affected.
a portion of our generation is located in load pockets. expansion of transmission systems to reduce or eliminate these load pockets could negatively impact the value or profitability of our existing generation facilities in these areas.
inability to successfully develop or construct generation, transmission and distribution projects could adversely impact our businesses.
our business plan calls for extensive investment in capital improvements and additions, including the installation of required environmental upgrades and retrofits; construction and/or acquisition of additional generation units and transmission and distribution facilities; and modernizing existing infrastructure pursuant to investment programs entitled to current recovery. currently, we have several significant projects underway or being contemplated.
the successful construction and development of these projects will depend, in part, on our ability to:
•   obtain necessary governmental and regulatory approvals;
36
•   obtain environmental permits and approvals;
•   obtain community support for such projects to avoid delays in the receipt of permits and approvals from regulatory authorities;
•   complete such projects within budgets and on commercially reasonable terms and conditions;
•   obtain any necessary debt financing on acceptable terms and/or necessary governmental financial incentives;
•   ensure that contracting parties, including suppliers, perform under their contracts in a timely and cost effective manner; and
•   at pse&amp;g, recover the related costs through rates.
any delays, cost escalations or otherwise unsuccessful construction and development could materially affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. further, any unexpected failure of our existing facilities, including failure associated with breakdowns, forced outages or any unanticipated capital expenditures could result in reduced profitability. modifications to existing facilities may require us to install the best available control technology or to achieve the lowest achievable emission rates required by then-current regulations, which would likely result in substantial additional capital expenditures.
in addition, the successful operation of new or upgraded generation facilities or transmission or distribution projects is subject to risks relating to supply interruptions; work stoppages and labor disputes; weather interferences; unforeseen engineering and environmental problems, including those related to climate change; and the other risks described herein. any of these risks could cause our return on these investments to be lower than expected or they could cause these facilities to operate below expected capacity or availability levels, which would adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations through lost revenue, increased expenses, higher maintenance costs and penalties.
ferc order 1000 has generally opened transmission development to competition from independent developers, allowing such developers to compete with incumbent utilities for the construction and operation of transmission facilities in its service territory. while order 1000 retains limited carve-outs for certain projects that will continue to default to incumbents for construction responsibility, including immediately needed reliability projects, upgrades to existing transmission facilities, projects cost-allocated to a single transmission zone, and projects being built on existing rights-of-way and whose construction would interfere with incumbents' use of their rights-of-way, increased competition for transmission projects could decrease the value of new investments that would be subject to recovery by pse&g under its rate base, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. in addition, certain pjm cost allocation determinations have been recently challenged at ferc, the resolution of which could impact costs borne by new jersey ratepayers and increase customer bills.
we may be adversely affected by equipment failures, accidents, severe weather events or other incidents that impact our ability to provide safe and reliable service to our customers and remain competitive and could result in substantial financial losses.
the success of our businesses is dependent on our ability to continue providing safe and reliable service to our customers while minimizing service disruptions. we are exposed to the risk of equipment failures, accidents, severe weather events, or other incidents which could result in damage to or destruction of our facilities or damage to persons or property. for instance, equipment failures in our natural gas distribution could give rise to a variety of hazards and operating risks, such as leaks, accidental explosions and mechanical problems, which could cause substantial financial losses and harm our reputation.
in addition, the physical risks of severe weather events, such as experienced from hurricane irene and superstorm sandy, and of climate change, changes in sea level, temperature and precipitation patterns and other related phenomena have further exacerbated these risks. such issues experienced at our facilities, or by others in our industry, could adversely impact our revenues; increase costs to repair and maintain our systems; subject us to potential litigation and/or damage claims, fines/penalties; and increase the level of oversight of our utility and generation operations and infrastructure through investigations or through the imposition of additional regulatory or legislative requirements. such actions could adversely affect our costs, competitiveness and future investments, which could be material to our financial position, results of operations and cash flow. for our transmission and distribution business, the cost of storm restoration efforts may not be fully recoverable through the regulatory process.
we own less than a controlling interest in some of our generating facilities.
we have limited control over the operation of some of our generating facilities, including the keystone, conemaugh and peach bottom facilities, because our investments represent less than a controlling interest. we seek to exert a degree of influence with respect to the management and operation of projects in which we own less than a controlling interest by negotiating to obtain positions on management committees or to receive certain limited governance rights. however, we may not always succeed in such negotiations. as a result, we may be dependent on our partners to operate such facilities. the approval of our partners also
37
may be required for us to transfer our interest in such projects. reliance on our partners for the management and operation of these facilities could result in a lower return on these facilities than what we believe we could have otherwise achieved.
any inability to recover the carrying amount of our long-lived assets and leveraged leases could result in future impairment charges which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
long-lived assets represent approximately 74%, 81% and 69% of the total assets of pseg, pse&g and power, respectively, as of december 31, 2017. management evaluates long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances, such as significant adverse changes in regulation business climate or market conditions, including prolonged periods of adverse commodity and capacity prices, could potentially indicate an asset's or group of assets' carrying amount may not be recoverable. significant reductions in our expected revenues or cash flows for an extended period of time resulting from such events could result in future asset impairment charges, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
energy holdings has investments in domestic energy and real estate assets subject primarily to leveraged lease accounting. a leveraged lease is typically comprised of an investment by an equity investor and debt provided by a third-party debt investor. as an equity investor, energy holdings' equity investments in the leases are comprised of the total expected lease receivables over the lease terms plus the estimated residual values at the end of the lease terms, reduced for any income not yet earned on the leases. our receipt of payments related to our leveraged lease portfolio in accordance with the lease contracts can be impacted by various factors, including new environmental legislation regarding air quality and other discharges in the process of generating electricity; market prices for fuel and electricity, including the impact of low gas prices on our coal generation investments; overall financial condition of lease counterparties; and the quality and condition of assets under lease.
during 2016, due to the adverse economic conditions experienced by coal generation in pjm, energy holdings recorded pre-tax write-downs relating to the nrg rema, llc (rema) leveraged leases in the aggregate of $147 million. during 2017, due to continuing liquidity issues facing rema, economic challenges facing coal generation in pjm, and based upon an ongoing review of available alternatives as well as certain discussions with rema management, energy holdings recorded additional pre-tax charges of $77 million in the aggregate.
in june 2017, genon energy, inc. (genon) and certain of its subsidiaries filed voluntary petitions for relief under chapter 11 of the united states bankruptcy code. rema was not included in the genon filing. energy holdings continues to monitor the restructuring of genon and its possible impacts on rema and continues to discuss the situation with various parties relevant to this matter. pseg cannot predict the outcome of genon's efforts to restructure its portfolio and improve its liquidity and the possible related impact on rema. pseg continues to monitor any changes to rema's and genon's status and potential impacts on energy holdings' lease investments, which could include further write-downs of the values of energy holdings' leveraged leases.
there can be no assurance that a continuation or worsening of the adverse economic conditions would not lead to additional write-downs at any of our other generation units in our leveraged lease portfolio, and such write-downs could be material inability to maintain sufficient liquidity in the amounts and at the times needed or access sufficient capital at reasonable rates or on commercially reasonable terms could adversely impact our business.
funding for our investments in capital improvement and additions, scheduled payments of principal and interest on our existing indebtedness and the extension and refinancing of such indebtedness has been provided primarily by internally-generated cash flow and external financings. we have significant capital requirements and depend on our ability to generate cash in the future from our operations and continued access to capital and credit markets to efficiently fund our cash flow needs. our ability to generate cash flow is dependent upon, among other things, industry conditions and general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors. the ability to arrange financing and the costs of such financing depend on numerous factors including, among other things.
•   general economic and capital market conditions;
•   the availability of credit from banks and other financial institutions;
•   tax, regulatory and securities law developments;
•   for pse&amp;g, our ability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals for the incurrence of additional indebtedness;
•   investor confidence in us and our industry;
•   our current level of indebtedness and compliance with covenants in our debt agreements;
•   the success of current projects and the quality of new projects;
•   our current and future capital structure;
•   our financial performance and the continued reliable operation of our business; and
38
•   maintenance of our investment grade credit ratings.
market disruptions, such as economic downturns experienced in the u.s. and abroad in recent years, the bankruptcy of an unrelated energy company, changes in market prices for electricity and gas, and actual or threatened terrorist attacks, may increase our cost of borrowing or adversely affect our ability to access capital. as a result, no assurance can be given that we will be successful in obtaining financing for projects and investments, to extend or refinance maturing debt or for our other cash flow needs on acceptable terms or at all, which could materially adversely impact our financial position, results of operations and future growth.
in addition, if power were to lose its investment grade credit rating from s&p or moody's, it would be required under certain agreements to provide a significant amount of additional collateral in the form of letters of credit or cash, which would have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and cash flows.
we may be unable to realize anticipated tax benefits or retain existing tax credits.
the deferred tax assets and tax credits of pseg, pse&g or power are evaluated for ultimate ability to realize these assets. a valuation allowance may be recorded against the deferred tax assets if we estimate that such assets are more likely than not to be unrealizable based on available evidence including cumulative and forecasted pretax book earnings at the time the estimate is made. a valuation allowance related to deferred tax assets or the monetization of tax credits can be affected by changes to tax laws, statutory tax rates and future taxable income levels. in the event that we determine that we would not be able to realize all or a portion of our deferred tax assets in the future or the benefit of tax credits, we would reduce such amounts through a charge to income tax expense in the period in which that determination was made, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
challenges associated with recruitment and/or retention of key executives and a skilled workforce could adversely impact our businesses.
our operations depend on the recruitment and retention of key executives and a skilled workforce. the loss or retirement of key executives or other employees, including those with the specialized knowledge required to support our generation, transmission and distribution operations, could result in various operational challenges. certain events, such as the potential for early retirement of our nuclear facilities, can make it more difficult to retain these employees. we may incur increased costs for contractors to replace employees, and the loss of institutional and industry knowledge and the increased costs to hire and lengthy time to train new personnel could result in lower productivity, resulting in increased costs, which would negatively impact our results of operations. this has the potential to become more critical as a growing number of employees become eligible to retire.
as of december 31, 2017, approximately 62% of our employees were covered by collective bargaining agreements. as a result, our success will depend on our ability to successfully renegotiate these agreements as they expire. inability to do so may result in employee strikes or work stoppages which would disrupt our operations and could also result in increased costs, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
covenants in our debt instruments may adversely affect our operations.
pseg's, pse&g's and power's debt instruments contain events of default customary for financings of their type, including cross accelerations to other debt of that entity and, in the case of pseg's and power's bank credit agreements, certain change of control events. power's bank credit agreements and outstanding notes also contain limitations on the incurrence of subsidiary debt and liens and power's outstanding notes require power to repurchase such notes upon certain change of control events. our ability to comply with these covenants may be affected by events beyond our control. if we fail to comply with the covenants and are unable to obtain a waiver or amendment, or a default exists and is continuing under such debt, the lenders or the holders or trustee of such debt, as applicable, could give notice and declare outstanding borrowings and other obligations under such debt immediately due and payable. we may not be able to obtain waivers, amendments or alternative financing, or if obtainable, it could be on terms that are not acceptable to us. any of these events could adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
cybersecurity attacks or intrusions could adversely impact our businesses.
cybersecurity threats to the u.s. energy market infrastructure are increasing in sophistication, magnitude and frequency. we rely on information technology systems that utilize sophisticated digital systems and network infrastructure to operate our generation, transmission and distribution systems. we also store sensitive data, intellectual property and proprietary or personally identifiable information regarding our business, employees, shareholders, customers and vendors on our systems and conduct power marketing and hedging activities. in addition, the operation of our business is dependent upon the information technology systems of third parties, including our vendors, regulators, rtos and independent system operators (isos), among others. our and third-party information technology systems may be vulnerable to cybersecurity attacks involving domestic or foreign sources. a cybersecurity attack may also leverage such information technology to cause disruptions at a third party. cybersecurity impacts to our operations include:
39
•   disruption of the operation of our assets and the power grid,
•   theft of confidential company, employee, shareholder, vendor or customer information, which may cause us to be in breach of certain covenants and contractual obligations,
•   general business system and process interruption or compromise, including preventing us from servicing our customers, collecting revenues or the ability to record, process and/or report financial information correctly, and
•   breaches of vendors' infrastructures where our confidential information is stored.
in late 2017, pse&g learned that its customers may be affected by a potential data breach involving the systems of tio networks, a subsidiary of paypal holdings. paypal notified pse&g that there was unauthorized access to tio networks' system that stores customer information. tio networks processed payments made at automated kiosks in pse&g's walk-in customer service centers between 2012 and 2017. tio networks also facilitated payments pse&g customers made at third-party payment centers, such as local convenience stores, that accept utility bill payments. the account numbers and addresses for pse&g's approximately 2.5 million customers may have been exposed as a result of the suspected breach. customers paying by check via kiosk at one of pse&g's customer service centers also may have had their personal checking account number and routing number exposed. we continue to work with tio networks and paypal to analyze the impact of this event. while we have experienced and expect to continue to experience actual or attempted cyber-attacks on our information technology systems, none of these incidents has had a material impact on our operations or financial condition.
if a significant cybersecurity event or breach should occur within our company or with one of our material vendors, we could be exposed to significant loss of revenue, material repair costs to intellectual and physical property, significant fines and penalties for non-compliance with existing laws and regulations, significant litigation costs, increased costs to finance our businesses, reputational damage and loss of confidence from our customers, regulators, investors, vendors and employees. similarly, a significant cybersecurity event or breach experienced by a competitor, regulatory authority, rto, iso, or vendor could also materially impact our business and results of operations via enhanced legal and regulatory requirements. for a discussion of state and federal cybersecurity regulatory requirements and information regarding our cybersecurity program, see part 1, item 1. regulatory issues.
the market for cybersecurity insurance is relatively new and coverage available for cybersecurity events may evolve as the industry matures. while we maintain insurance relating to cybersecurity events, such insurance is subject to a number of exclusions and may be insufficient to offset any losses, costs or damage we experience.
acts of war or terrorism could adversely affect our operations.
our businesses and industry may be impacted by acts and threats of war or terrorism. these actions could result in increased political, economic and financial and insurance market instability and volatility in power and fuel markets, which could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations, including our ability to access capital on terms and conditions acceptable to us. in addition, our infrastructure facilities, such as our generating stations, transmission and distribution facilities and information technology systems, could be direct or indirect targets or be affected by terrorist or other criminal activity. such events could severely disrupt our business operations and prevent us from servicing our customers. new or updated security regulations may require us to make changes to our current measures which could also result in additional expenses.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a)
this combined md&a is separately filed by public service enterprise group incorporated (pseg), public service electric and gas company (pse&g) and pseg power llc (power). information contained herein relating to any individual company is filed by such company on its own behalf. pse&g and power each make representations only as to itself and make no representations whatsoever as to any other company.
pseg's business consists of two reportable segments, our principal direct wholly owned subsidiaries, which are:
•   pse&amp;g-which is a public utility engaged principally in the transmission of electricity and distribution of electricity and natural gas in certain areas of new jersey. pse&amp;g is subject to regulation by the new jersey board of public utilities (bpu) and the federal energy regulatory commission (ferc). pse&amp;g also invests in solar generation projects and energy efficiency and related programs in new jersey, which are regulated by the bpu, and
•   power-which is a multi-regional energy supply company that integrates the operations of its merchant nuclear and fossil generating assets with its power marketing businesses and fuel supply functions through competitive energy sales in well-developed energy markets primarily in the northeast and mid-atlantic united states through its principal direct wholly owned subsidiaries. in addition, power owns and operates solar generation in various states. power's subsidiaries are subject to regulation by ferc, the nuclear regulatory commission (nrc), the environmental protection agency (epa) and the states in which they operate.
pseg's other direct wholly owned subsidiaries are: pseg long island llc (pseg li), which operates the long island power authority's (lipa) transmission and distribution (t&d) system under an operations services agreement (osa); pseg energy holdings l.l.c. (energy holdings), which primarily has investments in leveraged leases; and pseg services corporation (services), which provides certain management, administrative and general services to pseg and its subsidiaries at cost.
our business discussion in item 1. business provides a review of the regions and markets where we operate and compete, as well as our strategy for conducting our businesses within these markets, focusing on operational excellence, financial strength and making disciplined investments. our risk factor discussion in item 1a. risk factors provides information about factors that could have a material adverse impact on our businesses. the following discussion provides an overview of the significant events and business developments that have occurred during 2017 and key factors that we expect may drive our future performance. this discussion refers to the consolidated financial statements (statements) and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (notes). this discussion should be read in conjunction with such statements and notes.
executive overview of 2017 and future outlook
2017 overview our business plan is designed to achieve growth while managing the risks associated with fluctuating commodity prices and changes in customer demand. we continue our focus on operational excellence, financial strength and disciplined investment. these guiding principles have provided the base from which we have been able to execute our strategic initiatives, including:
•   improving utility operations through growth in investment in t&amp;d and other infrastructure projects designed to enhance system reliability and resiliency and to meet customer expectations and public policy objectives, and
•   maintaining and expanding a reliable generation fleet with the flexibility to utilize a diverse mix of fuels which allows us to respond to market volatility and capitalize on opportunities as they arise.
46
financial results the results for pseg, pse&g and power for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016 are presented below:
years ended december 31,
2017                        2016
earnings (losses)                                        millions, except per share data pse&amp;g                                        $973                        $889
power                                             479                          18
other                                             122                         (20      )
pseg net income                                $1,574                        $887
pseg net income per share (diluted)             $3.10                       $1.75
our 2017 over 2016 increase in net income was due primarily to the favorable impacts of new tax legislation at power and energy holdings in 2017, discussed below, partially offset by higher charges in 2017 related to the early retirement of our hudson and mercer units. higher transmission revenues in 2017 at pse&g, lower charges in 2017 related to investments in certain leveraged leases at energy holdings and lower plant outage costs at power, partially offset by lower volumes of electricity sold at lower average prices, also contributed to the increase in net income. for a more detailed discussion of our financial results, see results of operations.
during 2017, we maintained a strong balance sheet. we continued to effectively deploy capital without the need for additional equity, while our solid credit ratings aided our ability to access capital and credit markets. the greater emphasis on capital spending for projects on which we receive contemporaneous returns at pse&g, our regulated utility, in recent years has yielded strong results, which when combined with the cash flow generated by power, our merchant generator and power marketer, has allowed us to increase our dividend. these actions to transition our business to meet market conditions and investor expectations reflect our multi-year, long-term approach to managing our company. our focus has been to invest capital in t&d and other infrastructure projects aimed at maintaining service reliability to our customers and bolstering our system resiliency. at power, we strive to improve performance and reduce costs in order to enhance the value of our generation fleet in light of low gas prices, environmental considerations and competitive market forces that reward efficiency and reliability.
at pse&g, we continue to invest in transmission projects that focus on reliability improvements and replacement of aging infrastructure. we also continue to make investments to improve the resiliency of our gas and electric distribution system as part of our energy strong program that was approved by the bpu in 2014 and to seek recovery on such investments. we are modernizing pse&g's gas distribution systems as part of our gas system modernization program (gsmp) that was approved by the bpu in late 2015. in july 2017, we filed a petition with the bpu for a gsmp ii program, an extension of gsmp to continue to modernize our gas system, through which pse&g has proposed investing $2.7 billion over five years beginning in 2019. this matter is pending. we believe the petition is consistent with the infrastructure investment program (iip) regulations that the bpu approved in december 2017. in august 2017, the bpu approved pse&g's petition for an energy efficiency 2017 program (ee 2017) to extend three existing energy efficiency subprograms (multi-family, direct install and hospital efficiency) and establish two new residential energy efficiency offerings. the ee 2017 allows for $69 million of additional investment and $16 million of additional administrative and information technology costs. the ee 2017 was added as the eleventh component of the green program recovery charges (gprc) rate effective september 1, 2017. over the past few years, these types of investments have altered our business mix to reflect a higher percentage of earnings contribution by pse&g.
in january 2018, pse&g filed a distribution base rate case as required by the bpu as a condition of approval of its energy strong program. the filing requests an approximate one percent increase in revenues and seeks to recover investments made to strengthen electric and gas distribution systems. in its filing, pse&g requested that these rates take into account a reduction in the revenue requirement as a result of the federal corporate income tax rate reduction from 35% to 21% provided in new tax legislation enacted in december 2017 (tax act), including a one-time credit for estimated excess income taxes collected between january 1, 2018 and the time new rates go into effect, and the flow-back to customers of certain additional tax benefits. pse&g anticipates the new base rates will take effect in the fourth quarter of 2018.
separately, in january 2018, the bpu issued an order commencing a proceeding to ensure that the rate revenue resulting from expenses relating to taxes reflected in rates but no longer owed as the result of the tax act shall be passed onto the ratepayers. the bpu directed new jersey utilities (including pse&g) to make filings by march 2, 2018 setting forth interim rates to be effective april 1, 2018, reflecting the new federal corporate tax rate, and to subsequently file proposed final rates, effective july 1, 2018, incorporating all other effects of the tax act. this proceeding is currently pending.
47
as a result of the enactment of the tax act, various state regulatory authorities, including the bpu, have taken action to ensure that excess federal income taxes previously collected in rates are returned to ratepayers. we have made filings to adjust the revenue requirement in certain of our rate matters as a result of the change in federal income tax rate. we continue to assess whether any further action needs to be taken by the company at this time.
for additional information on our specific filings, see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-note 6. regulatory assets and liabilities.
power manages its existing firm pipeline transportation contracts for the benefit of pse&g's customers through the basic gas supply service (bgss) arrangement. the contracts are sized to provide for delivery of a reliable gas supply to pse&g customers on peak winter days. when pipeline capacity beyond the customers' needs is available, power may use it to make third-party sales and supply gas to its generating units in new jersey. alternatively, gas supply and pipeline capacity constraints could adversely impact our ability to meet the needs of our utility customers and generating units. power's hedging practices and ability to capitalize on market opportunities help it to balance some of the volatility of the merchant power business. more than half of power's expected gross margin in 2018 relates to our hedging strategy, our expected revenues from the capacity market mechanisms and certain ancillary service payments such as reactive power.
our investments in keys energy center (keys), sewaren 7 and bridgeport harbor station 5 (bh5) reflect our recognition of the value of opportunistic growth in the power business. see item 1. business-power for additional information on major growth projects. these additions to our fleet both expand our geographic diversity and adjust our fuel mix and are expected to contribute to the overall efficiency of operations.
since 2013, several nuclear generating stations in the united states have closed or announced early retirement due to economic reasons, or have announced being at risk for early retirement. most recently, in february 2018, exelon, a co-owner of the salem units, announced its intention to accelerate the closure of its oyster creek nuclear plant located in new jersey, one year earlier than previously planned for economic reasons. these closures and retirements are generally due to the decline in market prices of energy, resulting from low natural gas prices driven by the growth of shale gas production since 2007, the continuing cost of regulatory compliance and enhanced security for nuclear facilities, both federal and state-level policies that provide financial incentives to construct renewable energy such as wind and solar and the failure to adequately compensate nuclear generating stations for the attributes they bring similar to renewable energy production. these trends have significantly reduced the revenues of nuclear generating stations while limiting their ability to reduce the unit cost of production. this may result in the electric generation industry experiencing a further shift from nuclear generation to natural gas-fired generation, creating less diversity of the generation fleet.
if any or all of the salem and hope creek units were shut down, it would significantly alter new jersey's energy supply predominately by increasing new jersey's reliance on natural gas generation. such a decrease in fuel diversity could also increase the market's vulnerability to price fluctuations and power disruptions in times of high demand. the new jersey legislature is assessing legislation that would provide a safety net in order to prevent the loss of environmental attributes from nuclear generating stations. we cannot predict whether the legislation will be enacted or, if enacted, whether our nuclear generating stations in new jersey will be selected or whether the legislation will provide a sufficient safety net for the continued operation of nuclear generating stations in new jersey.
in the ordinary course, management, and in the case of the salem units the co-owner, each makes a number of decisions that impact the operation of our nuclear units beyond the current year, including whether and to what extent these units participate in rpm capacity auctions, commitments relating to refueling outages and significant capital expenditures, and decisions regarding our hedging arrangements. when considering whether to make these future commitments, management's decisions will primarily be influenced by the financial outlook of the units, including the progress, timing and continued outlook for enactment of proposed legislation in the state of new jersey.
if market prices continue to be depressed and legislation is not enacted that adequately compensates nuclear generating stations for their attributes, power anticipates it will no longer be covering its costs nor be adequately compensated for its market and operational risks at the salem and hope creek nuclear units and would anticipate retiring these units early. the costs associated with any such retirement, which may include, among other things, accelerated depreciation and amortization or impairment charges, accelerated asset retirement costs, severance costs, environmental remediation costs and additional funding of the nuclear decommissioning trust fund (ndt) would be material to both pseg and power.
regulatory, legislative and other developments in our pursuit of operational excellence, financial strength and disciplined investment, we closely monitor and engage with stakeholders on significant regulatory and legislative developments. transmission planning rules and wholesale power market design are of particular importance to our results and we continue to advocate for policies and rules that promote fair and efficient electricity markets.
48
transmission planning there are several matters pending before ferc and the u. s. court of appeals for the district of columbia circuit that concern the allocation of costs associated with transmission projects being constructed by pse&g. regardless of how these proceedings are resolved, pse&g's ability to recover the costs of these projects will not be affected. however, the result of these proceedings could ultimately impact the amount of costs borne by ratepayers in new jersey. in addition, as a basic generation service (bgs) supplier, power provides services that include specified transmission costs. if the allocation of the costs associated with the transmission projects were to increase these bgs-related transmission costs, bgs suppliers may be entitled to recovery, subject to bpu approval. we do not believe that these matters will have a material effect on power's business or results of operations.
several complaints have been filed and several remain pending at ferc against transmission owners around the country, challenging those transmission owners' base return on equity (roe). certain of those complaints have resulted in decisions and others have been settled, resulting in reductions of those transmission owners' base roes. the results of these other proceedings could set precedents for other transmission owners with formula rates in place, including pse&g.
wholesale power market design capacity market design, including the reliability pricing model (rpm) in pjm, remains an important focus for us. during 2015, pjm implemented a new "capacity performance" (cp) mechanism that created a more robust capacity product with enhanced incentives for performance during emergency conditions and significant penalties for non-performance. the cp product was implemented fully in the may 2017 rpm auction for the 2020-2021 delivery year. subsequent to its implementation, ferc approved changes to the cp construct that will enhance the participation of intermittent and demand response resources (seasonal resources). however, two complaints remain pending that ask ferc to investigate the rules governing the participation of seasonal resources and extend the participation of the base resources for future auctions.
in may 2017, pjm announced the results of the rpm capacity auction for the 2020-2021 delivery year. power cleared approximately 7,800 mw of its generating capacity at an average price of $174 per mw-day for the 2020-2021 delivery period. in the two prior capacity auctions covering the 2019-2020 and 2018-2019 delivery years, power cleared approximately 8,900 mw at an average price of $116 per mw-day and approximately 8,700 mw at an average price of $215 per mw-day, respectively. prices in the most recent auction reflect pjm's downwardly-revised demand forecast, changes in the emergency transfer limits due to transmission expansion and the effects of both the new generation and uncleared generation from the prior year's auction.
as a result of the efforts of certain entities in pjm to obtain financial support arrangements from their state commissions, a group of suppliers requested that ferc direct pjm to expand the currently effective "minimum offer price rule" to apply to certain existing units seeking subsidies. the suppliers' request was intended to avoid a scenario where the subsidized generators would submit bids into the pjm capacity market that did not reflect their actual costs of operation and could artificially suppress capacity market prices. we are currently awaiting ferc action on the suppliers' request and cannot predict the outcome of the proceeding.
in june 2017, pjm issued an energy price formation proposal to address a flaw in the energy market in which energy prices during off-peak periods often do not reflect the production costs of generators during these periods even though they are serving load. pjm's proposal would allow large, inflexible units to set price. if placed into effect, this proposal will improve price formation by ensuring that the marginal costs of units serving load will be better reflected in clearing prices. we cannot predict the outcome of this matter.
see item 1. business-federal regulation for additional information.
distribution the bpu has enacted iip regulations that allow utilities to construct, install, or remediate utility plant and facilities related to reliability, resiliency, and/or safety to support the provision of safe and adequate service. under these regulations, utilities can seek authority to make specified infrastructure investments in programs extending for up to five years with accelerated cost recovery mechanisms. the bpu characterized the iip regulations as a regulatory initiative intended to create a financial incentive for utilities to accelerate the level of investment needed to promote the timely rehabilitation and replacement of certain non-revenue producing infrastructure that enhances reliability, resiliency, and/or safety.
environmental regulation we continue to advocate for the development and implementation of fair and reasonable rules by the epa and state environmental regulators. in particular, section 316(b) of the federal water pollution control act requires that cooling water intake structures, which are a significant part of the generation of electricity at steam-electric generating stations, reflect the
49
best technology available for minimizing adverse environmental impacts. implementation of section 316(b) and related state regulations could adversely impact future nuclear and fossil operations and costs.
in march 2017, the president of the united states issued an executive order that instructed the epa to review the new source performance standards that establish emissions standards for co2 for certain new fossil power plants, and the clean power plan (cpp), a greenhouse gas emissions regulation under the clean air act for existing power plants that establishes state-specific emission rate targets based on implementation of the best system of emission reduction. in october 2017, the epa administrator signed a proposed repeal of the cpp. the epa administrator concluded that the cpp exceeds the epa's statutory authority by considering measures that are beyond the control of the owners of the affected sources (fossil fuel-fired electric generating units). the epa is considering rulemaking to replace the cpp. pseg cannot assess the impact of any such rulemaking on its business and future results of operations at this time.
we are subject to liability under environmental laws for the costs of remediating environmental contamination of property now or formerly owned by us and of property contaminated by hazardous substances that we generated. in particular, the historic operations of pseg companies and the operations of numerous other companies along the passaic and hackensack rivers are alleged by federal and state agencies to have discharged substantial contamination into the passaic river/newark bay complex in violation of various statutes. we are also currently involved in a number of proceedings relating to sites where other hazardous substances may have been discharged and may be subject to additional proceedings in the future, and the costs of any such remediation efforts could be material.
for further information regarding the matters described above, as well as other matters that may impact our financial condition and results of operations, see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-note 13. commitments and contingent liabilities.
ferc compliance since september 2014, ferc staff has been conducting a preliminary non-public investigation regarding errors in the calculation of certain components of power's cost-based bids for its new jersey fossil generating units in the pjm energy market and the quantity of energy that power offered into the energy market for its fossil peaking units compared to the amounts for which power was compensated in the capacity market for those units. while considerable uncertainty remains as to the final resolution of these matters, based upon developments in the investigation in the first quarter of 2017, power believes the disgorgement and interest costs related to the cost-based bidding matter may range between approximately $35 million and $135 million, depending on the legal interpretation of the principles under the pjm tariff, plus penalties. since no point within this range is more likely than any other, power has accrued the low end of this range of $35 million by recording an additional pre-tax charge to income of $10 million during the three months ended march 31, 2017. pseg is unable to reasonably estimate the range of possible loss, if any, for the quantity of energy offered matter or the penalties that ferc would impose relating to either the cost-based bidding or quantity of energy matter. however, any of these amounts could be individually material to pseg and power. we cannot predict the final outcome of these matters. for additional information, see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-note 13. commitments and contingent liabilities.
early retirement of hudson and mercer units on june 1, 2017, power completed its previously announced retirement of the generation operations of the existing coal/gas units at the hudson and mercer generating stations. the decision to retire the hudson and mercer units had a material effect on pseg's and power's results of operations in 2016 and continued to adversely impact their results of operations in 2017. as of june 1, 2017, power completed recognition of the incremental depreciation and amortization (d&a) of $938 million ($964 million in total) due to the significant shortening of the expected economic useful lives of hudson and mercer. during 2017, energy costs of $15 million and operation and maintenance (o&m) of $23 million were also incurred. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-note 3. early plant retirements for additional information.
power is exploring various opportunities with these sites, including using the sites for alternative industrial activity or the disposition of one or both of the sites. if power determines not to use the sites for alternative industrial activity, the early retirement of the units at such sites would trigger obligations under certain environmental regulations, including possible remediation. the amounts for any such remediation are neither currently probable nor estimable but may be material.
in addition, pseg and power continue to monitor their other coal assets, including the keystone and conemaugh generating stations, to assess their economic viability through the end of their designated useful lives and their continued classification as held for use. the precise timing of a change in useful lives may be dependent upon events out of pseg's and power's control and may impact their ability to operate or maintain certain assets in the future. these generating stations may be impacted by factors such as environmental legislation, co-owner capital requirements and continued depressed wholesale power prices or capacity factors, among other things. any early retirement or change in the classification as held for use of our remaining coal units may have a material adverse impact on pseg's and power's future financial results.
50
leveraged lease impairments genon energy, inc. (genon) and certain of its subsidiaries filed voluntary petitions for relief under chapter 11 of the united states bankruptcy code on june 14, 2017. nrg rema, llc (rema) was not included in the genon bankruptcy filing. genon is currently engaged in a balance sheet restructuring, which will take an undetermined time to complete. pseg cannot predict the outcome of genon's efforts to restructure its balance sheet and improve its liquidity.
during the first quarter of 2017, due to continuing liquidity issues facing rema, economic challenges facing coal generation in pjm, and based upon an ongoing review of available alternatives as well as discussions with rema management, energy holdings recorded an additional $55 million pre-tax charge for its current best estimate of loss relating to its rema leveraged lease receivables, which was reflected in operating revenues. during the second quarter of 2017, energy holdings recorded an additional $22 million pre-tax charge for its current best estimate of loss related to lease receivables due to collectability of payments ($15 million) and economics impacting the residual value ($7 million) of certain leased assets. pseg continues to monitor any changes to rema's and genon's status and potential impacts on energy holdings' lease investments, which could include further write-downs of the values of energy holdings' leveraged lease receivables, and continue to discuss the situation with various parties relevant to this matter. for additional information, see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-note 7. long-term investments and note 8. financing receivables. there can be no assurance that a continuation or worsening of the adverse economic conditions would not lead to additional write-downs at any of our other generation units in our leveraged lease portfolio, and such write-downs could be material.
additional facilities in our leveraged lease portfolio include the joliet and powerton generating facilities. similar to shawville, joliet was recently converted to use natural gas. converted natural gas units such as shawville and joliet may have higher operating costs and fuel consumption as well as longer start-up times compared to newer combined cycle gas units. powerton is a coal-fired generating facility in illinois. each of these three facilities may not be as economically competitive as newer combined cycle gas units and could continue to be adversely impacted by the same economic conditions experienced by other less efficient natural gas and coal generation facilities, which could require energy holdings to write down the residual value of the leveraged lease receivables associated with these facilities.
tax legislation in december 2017, the u.s. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation (tax act), which, among other things, decreased the statutory u.s. corporate income tax rate from a maximum of 35% to 21%, effective january 1, 2018, and made certain changes to bonus depreciation rules.
as a result of the enacted reduction in the statutory u.s. corporate income tax rate, as well as other aspects of the tax act, we have recorded a one-time, non-cash earnings benefit of $745 million, including $588 million related to power and $147 million related to energy holdings. this benefit is primarily due to the remeasurement of deferred tax balances. in addition, pse&g had excess deferred taxes of approximately $2.1 billion as of december 31, 2017 and recorded an approximate $2.9 billion revenue impact of these excess deferred taxes as regulatory liabilities where it is probable that refunds will be made to customers in future rates. the amount and timing of any such refund cannot be determined at this time.
beginning in 2018, pseg, on a consolidated basis, will incur lower income tax expense resulting in a decrease in its projected effective income tax rate. this is also expected to increase pseg's and power's net income. to the extent allowed under the tax act, power's operating cash flows will reflect the full expensing of capital investments for income tax purposes. pseg and power expect that the interest on their debt will continue to be fully tax deductible albeit at a lower tax rate. for pse&g, the tax act is expected to lead to lower customer rates due to lower income tax expense recoveries and the refund of deferred income tax regulatory liabilities, partially offset by the impacts of higher rate base. the impact of the lower federal income tax rate on pse&g was reflected in pse&g's recently filed distribution base rate case and its transmission formula rate filings. the tax act is generally expected to result in lower operating cash flows for pse&g resulting from the elimination of bonus depreciation, partially offset by higher revenues due to the higher rate base. the full impact of these and other provisions of the tax act cannot be determined at this time.
the impact of the tax act may differ from these estimates, possibly materially, due to, among other things, changes in interpretations and assumptions pseg has made, guidance that may be issued and actions pseg may take as a result of the tax act. for additional information, see note 20. income taxes.
operational excellence we emphasize operational performance while developing opportunities in both our competitive and regulated businesses. flexibility in our generating fleet has allowed us to take advantage of opportunities in a rapidly evolving market as we remain diligent in managing costs. in 2017, our
•   diverse fuel mix and dispatch flexibility allowed us to generate approximately 51 terra-watt hours while addressing
51
fuel availability and price volatility,
•   total nuclear fleet achieved an average capacity factor of 94%, and
•   utility was recognized for the sixteenth consecutive year as the most reliable utility in the mid-atlantic region.
financial strength our financial strength is predicated on a solid balance sheet, positive operating cash flow and reasonable risk-adjusted returns on increased investment. our financial position remained strong during 2017 as we:
•   maintained sufficient liquidity,
•   maintained solid investment grade credit ratings, and
•   increased our indicative annual dividend for 2017 to $1.72 per share.
we expect to be able to fund our planned capital requirements, as described in liquidity and capital resources, and manage the impacts of the tax act without the issuance of new equity.
disciplined investment we utilize rigorous investment criteria when deploying capital and seek to invest in areas that complement our existing business and provide reasonable risk-adjusted returns. these areas include upgrading our energy infrastructure, responding to trends in environmental protection and providing new energy supplies in domestic markets with growing demand. in 2017, we
•   made additional investments in transmission infrastructure projects,
•   continued to execute our gsmp, energy strong, energy efficiency, solar and other existing bpu-approved utility programs,
•   continued construction of our keys and sewaren 7 generation projects for targeted commercial operation in 2018 and commenced construction of our bh5 generation project for targeted commercial operation in mid-2019, and
•   acquired six solar energy projects in various states totaling 88 mw-direct current (dc), for a total of 414 mw (dc) of installed capacity in 14 states throughout the u.s.
future outlook our future success will depend on our ability to continue to maintain strong operational and financial performance in a slow-growing economy and a cost-constrained environment with low gas prices, to capitalize on or otherwise address appropriately regulatory and legislative developments that impact our business and to respond to the issues and challenges described below. in order to do this, we must continue to:
•   focus on controlling costs while maintaining safety and reliability and complying with applicable standards and requirements,
•   successfully manage our energy obligations and re-contract our open supply positions in response to changes in demand,
•   execute our utility capital investment program, including our energy strong program, gsmp and other investments for growth that yield contemporaneous and reasonable risk-adjusted returns, while enhancing the resiliency of our infrastructure and maintaining the reliability of the service we provide to our customers, and obtain approval for extension of these programs,
•   effectively manage construction of our keys, sewaren 7, bh5 and other generation projects,
•   advocate for measures to ensure the implementation by pjm and ferc of market design and transmission planning rules that continue to promote fair and efficient electricity markets,
•   engage multiple stakeholders, including regulators, government officials, customers and investors, and
•   successfully operate the lipa t&amp;d system and manage lipa's fuel supply and generation dispatch obligations.
52
for 2018 and beyond, the key issues and challenges we expect our business to confront include:
•   regulatory and political uncertainty, both with regard to future energy policy, design of energy and capacity markets, transmission policy and environmental regulation, as well as with respect to the outcome of any legal, regulatory or other proceeding, settlement, investigation or claim, applicable to us and/or the energy industry,
•   fair and timely rate relief from the bpu and ferc for recovery of costs and return on investments, including with respect to our distribution base rate case which was filed with the bpu in january 2018,
•   continuing discussions regarding the restructuring of genon and rema and its potential impact on the value of our keystone, conemaugh and shawville leveraged leases,
•   the continuing impact of the tax act,
•   uncertainty in the national and regional economic recovery, continuing customer conservation efforts, changes in energy usage patterns and evolving technologies, which impact customer behaviors and demand,
•   the potential for continued reductions in demand and sustained lower natural gas and electricity prices, both at market hubs and the locations where we operate,
•   the impact of lower natural gas prices and increasing environmental compliance costs on the competitiveness of our nuclear and remaining coal-fired generation plants, and the potential for retirement of such plants earlier than their current useful lives,
•   delays and other obstacles that might arise in connection with the construction of our t&amp;d, generation and other development projects, including in connection with permitting and regulatory approvals,
•   maintaining a diverse mix of fuels to mitigate risks associated with fuel price volatility and market demand cycles, and
•   ferc staff's continuing investigation of certain of power's new jersey fossil generating unit bids in the pjm energy market.
our primary investment opportunities are in two areas: our regulated utility business and our merchant power business. we continually assess a broad range of strategic options to maximize long-term stockholder value. in assessing our options, we consider a wide variety of factors, including the performance and prospects of our businesses; the views of investors, regulators and rating agencies; our existing indebtedness and restrictions it imposes; and tax considerations, among other things. strategic options available to us include:
•   the acquisition, construction or disposition of t&amp;d facilities and/or generation units,
•   the disposition or reorganization of our merchant generation business or other existing businesses or the acquisition or development of new businesses,
•   the expansion of our geographic footprint,
•   continued or expanded participation in solar, demand response and energy efficiency programs, and
•   investments in capital improvements and additions, including the installation of environmental upgrades and retrofits, improvements to system resiliency, modernizing existing infrastructure and participation in transmission projects through ferc's "open window" solicitation process.
power is developing a retail energy business to sell energy, which we believe complements our existing wholesale marketing business. power began these marketing activities in 2017 and has been granted retail energy supplier licenses in new jersey, pennsylvania and maryland.
there can be no assurance, however, that we will successfully develop and execute any of the strategic options noted above, or any additional options we may consider in the future. the execution of any such strategic plan may not have the expected benefits or may have unexpected adverse consequences.
53
results of operations years ended december 31,
2017                2016                  2015
earnings (losses)                                                                         millions pse&amp;g                                      $973                $889                  $787
power (a)(b)                                    479                  18                   856
other (b)(c)                                    122                 (20    )               36
pseg net income                              $1,574                $887                $1,679
pseg net income per share (diluted)           $3.10               $1.75                 $3.30
(a)   power's results in 2017 and 2016 include after-tax expenses of $577 million and $396 million, respectively, related to the early retirement of its hudson and mercer coal/gas generation plants. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-note 3. early plant retirements for additional information. power's results in 2015 include an after-tax insurance recovery for superstorm sandy of $102 million.
(b)   results in 2017 include the non-cash net income benefit of $745 million, including $588 million related to power and $147 million related to energy holdings, resulting from the remeasurement of deferred tax liabilities required due to the enactment of the tax act in december 2017.
(c)   other includes after-tax activities at the parent company, pseg li and energy holdings as well as intercompany eliminations. energy holdings recorded after-tax charges totaling $45 million and $92 million related to its investments in rema's leveraged leases in 2017 and 2016. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-note 7. long-term investments and note 8. financing receivables for further information.
our results include the realized gains, losses and earnings on power's nuclear decommissioning trust (ndt) fund and other related ndt activity. realized gains and losses, interest and dividend income and other costs related to the ndt fund are recorded in other income (deductions), and impairments on certain ndt securities are recorded as other-than-temporary impairments. interest accretion expense on power's nuclear asset retirement obligation (aro) is recorded in o&m expense and the depreciation related to the aro asset is recorded in d&a expense.
our results also include the after-tax impacts of non-trading mark-to-market (mtm) activity, which consist of the financial impact from positions with forward delivery dates.
the combined after-tax impact on net income for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 include the changes related to ndt fund and mtm activity shown in the chart below:
years ended december 31,             2017              2016              2015
millions, after tax ndt fund and related activity (a)        $62               $-                   $8
non-trading mtm gains (losses) (b)       $(99      )       $(100     )         $93
(a)   net of tax (expense) benefit of $(72) million, $(5) million and $(16) million for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
(b)   net of tax (expense) benefit of $68 million, $68 million and $(65) million for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
the 2017 year-over-year increase in our net income was driven primarily by:
•   non-cash net income benefits related to new tax legislation (see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-note 20. income taxes) at power and energy holdings,
•   higher transmission revenues,
•   higher net ndt gains in 2017, and
•   lower charges related to investments in certain leveraged leases at energy holdings (see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-note 8. financing receivables).
54
these increases were partially offset by:
•   higher charges related to the early retirement of two coal/gas generation units at power (see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-note 3. early plant retirements), and
•   lower volumes of energy sold at lower average realized sales prices under the bgs contracts and in the pjm and new england regions.
the 2016 year-over-year decrease in our net income was driven primarily by:
•   charges related to the early retirement of two coal/gas generation units at power (see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-note 3. early plant retirements),
•   mtm losses in 2016 as compared to mtm gains in 2015,
•   lower volumes of energy sold at lower average realized sales prices,
•   lower capacity and operating reserve revenues in pjm,
•   higher 2016 congestion costs in pjm due primarily to realized gains on financial transmission rights (ftr) in pjm in the prior year due to extremely cold weather,
•   lower volumes of gas sold at lower average prices under the bgss contract,
•   insurance recoveries received primarily by power in 2015 related to superstorm sandy, and
•   an impairment related to investments in certain leveraged leases at energy holdings (see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-note 8. financing receivables).
these decreases were partially offset by:
•   lower generation costs driven by lower fuel costs, particularly for natural gas, and reduced generation output at power,
•higher costs incurred at power for planned outages in 2015,
•   higher transmission revenues, and
•   higher management fee revenues at pseg li pursuant to the osa.
55
pseg our results of operations are primarily comprised of the results of operations of our principal operating subsidiaries, pse&g and power, excluding charges related to intercompany transactions, which are eliminated in consolidation. for additional information on intercompany transactions, see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-note 24. related-party transactions.
increase /(decrease)                     increase /(decrease)
years ended december 31,
2017                  2016                  2015                            2017 vs. 2016                      2016 vs. 2015
millions              millions            %                     millions           %
operating revenues                             $9,084                $9,061               $10,415                  $23                  -                $(1,354     )         (13     )
energy costs                                    2,800                 3,001                 3,261                 (201     )           (7     )             (260     )          (8     )
operation and maintenance                       2,869                 3,008                 2,978                 (139     )           (5     )               30                 1
depreciation and amortization                   1,986                 1,476                 1,214                  510                 35                    262                22
income from equity method investments              14                    11                    12                    3                 27                     (1     )          (8     )
other income (deductions)                         228                   124                   152                  104                 84                    (28     )         (18     )
other-than-temporary impairments                   12                    28                    53                  (16     )          (57     )              (25     )         (47     )
interest expense                                  391                   385                   393                    6                  2                     (8     )          (2     )
income tax (benefit) expense                     (306    )              411                 1,001                 (717     )         (174     )             (590     )         (59     )
the 2017, 2016 and 2015 amounts in the preceding table for operating revenues and o&m costs each include $438 million, $410 million and $375 million, respectively, for servco. these amounts represent the o&m pass-through costs for the long island operations, the full reimbursement of which is reflected in operating revenues. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-note 4. variable interest entity for further explanation. the income tax benefit in 2017 includes the non-cash benefit resulting from the remeasurement of deferred tax liabilities required due to the enactment of the tax act in december 2017. the following discussions for pse&g and power provide a detailed explanation of their respective variances.
pse&g years ended december 31,                    increase /(decrease)                     increase /(decrease)
2017                  2016                  2015                           2017 vs. 2016                      2016 vs. 2015
millions              millions           %                     millions           %
operating revenues                     $6,234                $6,221                $6,636                  $13                 -                  $(415     )          (6     )
energy costs                            2,363                 2,567                 2,722                 (204     )          (8     )             (155     )          (6     )
operation and maintenance               1,434                 1,475                 1,560                  (41     )          (3     )              (85     )          (5     )
depreciation and amortization             685                   565                   892                  120                21                   (327     )         (37     )
other income (deductions)                  87                    79                    75                    8                10                      4                 5
interest expense                          303                   289                   280                   14                 5                      9                 3
income tax expense                        563                   515                   470                   48                 9                     45                10
year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to 2016
operating revenues increased $13 million due to changes in delivery, clause, commodity and other operating revenues.
delivery revenues increased $166 million due primarily to an increase in transmission revenues.
•   transmission revenues were $152 million higher due to higher revenue requirements calculated through our transmission formula rate, primarily to recover required investments.
56
•   gas distribution revenues increased $30 million due to a $16 million increase due to energy strong, $10 million from inclusion of the gsmp in base rates, $4 million in higher collections of gprc and an increase of $2 million due to higher sales volumes. these increases were partially offset by lower weather normalization clause (wnc) revenues of $2 million.
•   electric distribution revenues decreased $16 million due primarily to a $28 million decrease in sales volume and $14 million in lower collections of gprc, partially offset by a $26 million increase in energy strong revenues.
clause revenues increased $47 million due to the absence of the return in 2016 to customers of overcollections of securitization transition charge (stc) revenues of $59 million and higher margin adjustment clause (mac) revenues of $4 million. these increases were partially offset by lower societal benefit charges (sbc) of $17 million. the changes in stc, mac and sbc amounts were entirely offset by the amortization of related costs (regulatory assets) in o&m, d&a and interest expense. pse&g does not earn margin on stc, sbc, solar pilot recovery charges (sprc) or mac collections.
commodity revenues decreased $204 million due to lower electric revenues partially offset by higher gas revenues. this decrease is entirely offset with decreased energy costs. pse&g earns no margin on the provision of bgs and bgss to retail customers.
•   electric revenues decreased $274 million due to $199 million in lower bgs revenues reflecting $109 million from lower sales volumes and $90 million from lower prices, $61 million in lower collections of non-utility generation charges (ngc) due primarily to lower prices and $14 million in lower revenues from the decreased sales volume of non-utility generation (nug) energy.
•   gas revenues increased $70 million due to higher bgss prices of $68 million and $2 million from higher sales volumes.
operating expenses energy costs decreased $204 million. this is entirely offset by commodity revenues.
operation and maintenance decreased $41 million due to
•   a $28 million net reduction related to various clause mechanisms and gprc expenditures,
•   a $15 million decrease in appliance service costs, and
•   a $7 million net decrease in pension and opeb expenses, net of amounts capitalized,
•   partially offset by a $9 million net increase in other operating expenses.
depreciation and amortization increased $120 million due primarily to a $61 million net increase in amortization of regulatory assets, including the absence of the stc liability that ended in 2016, and an increase in depreciation of $59 million due to additional plant placed into service in 2017.
other income (deductions) increased $8 million due primarily to a $7 million increase in allowance for funds used during construction (afudc).
interest expense increased $14 million primarily due to
•   $11 million due to net long-term debt issuances in 2016 and $9 million due to net long-term debt issuances in 2017, partially offset by
•   a decrease of $6 million due to clause-related interest for bgss in 2016.
income tax expense increased $48 million due primarily to higher pre-tax income.
year ended december 31, 2016 as compared to 2015
operating revenues decreased $415 million due to changes in delivery, clause, commodity and other operating revenues.
delivery revenues increased $191 million due primarily to an increase in transmission revenues.
•   transmission revenues were $223 million higher due to higher revenue requirements calculated through our transmission formula rate, primarily to recover required investments.
•   electric distribution revenues decreased $27 million due primarily to $47 million in lower collections of gprc, partially offset by an $18 million increase in energy strong revenues.
57
•   gas distribution revenues decreased $5 million due to a decrease of $43 million due to lower sales volumes and $7 million in lower collections of gprc. these decreases were partially offset by higher wnc revenues of $25 million due to warmer weather in 2016 compared to 2015 and $20 million due to the inclusion of energy strong in base rates.
clause revenues decreased $445 million due to lower stc revenues of $419 million, lower sbc of $33 million and lower sprc of $8 million. these decreases were partially offset by higher mac revenues of $15 million. the changes in stc, sbc, sprc and mac amounts were entirely offset by changes in the amortization of related costs (regulatory assets) in o&m, d&a and interest expense. pse&g does not earn margin on stc, sbc, sprc or mac collections.
commodity revenues decreased $155 million due to lower electric and gas revenues. this is entirely offset with decreased energy costs. pse&g earns no margin on the provision of bgs and bgss to retail customers.
•   electric revenues decreased $136 million due to $73 million in lower collections of ngc due primarily to lower prices, $42 million in lower revenues from the sale of nug energy and $21 million in lower prices bgs revenues primarily due to lower sales volumes.
•   gas revenues decreased $19 million due to $80 million from lower sales volumes, partially offset by higher bgss prices of $61 million.
operating expenses energy costs decreased $155 million. this is entirely offset by commodity revenues.
operation and maintenance decreased $85 million due to
•   a $98 million net reduction related to various clause mechanisms and gprc, and
•   a $13 million decrease in pension and opeb expenses, net of amounts capitalized,
•   partially offset by $10 million of insurance recovery proceeds in 2015,
•   a $10 million increase in vegetation management costs, and
•   a $6 million net increase due primarily to t&amp;d corrective maintenance and appliance service costs.
depreciation and amortization decreased $327 million due primarily to a $396 million net decrease in amortization of regulatory assets, partially offset by an increase in depreciation of $65 million due to additional plant in service in 2016.
interest expense increased $9 million due to increases of
•   $14 million due to net debt issuances in 2015, and
•   $13 million due to net debt issuances in 2016,
•   partially offset by a decrease of $11 million due to the redemption of securitization debt in 2015, and
•   $7 million of higher interest related to bgss in 2015.
income tax expense increased $45 million due primarily to higher pre-tax income partially offset by changes in the reserve for uncertain tax positions and flow through items.
58
power years ended december 31,                    increase /(decrease)                     increase /(decrease)
2017                  2016                  2015                           2017 vs. 2016                      2016 vs. 2015
millions              millions           %                     millions           %
operating revenues                             $3,930                $4,023                $4,928                 $(93     )          (2     )            $(905     )         (18     )
energy costs                                    1,983                 1,986                 2,150                   (3     )         n/a                   (164     )          (8     )
operation and maintenance                       1,038                 1,143                 1,057                 (105     )          (9     )               86                 8
depreciation and amortization                   1,268                   881                   291                  387                44                    590               n/a income from equity method investments              14                    11                    14                    3                27                     (3     )         (21     )
other income (deductions)                         157                    45                    97                  112               n/a                    (52     )         (54     )
other-than-temporary impairments                   12                    28                    53                  (16     )         (57     )              (25     )         (47     )
interest expense                                   50                    84                   121                  (34     )         (40     )              (37     )         (31     )
income tax expense (benefit)                     (729    )              (61    )              511                 (668     )         n/a                   (572     )         n/a year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to 2016
operating revenues decreased $93 million due to changes in generation, gas supply and other operating revenues.
generation revenues decreased $204 million due primarily to
•   a decrease of $126 million in energy sales in the pjm and new england (ne) regions due primarily to lower average realized prices,
•   a decrease of $100 million in electricity sold under our bgs contracts due primarily to lower volumes coupled with lower prices,
•   a decrease of $24 million in revenue expected to be returned to ratepayers associated with excess federal income tax previously collected by power's subsidiary, pseg new haven llc, due to the change in federal tax rates effective january 1, 2018,
•   a decrease of $18 million in operating reserves in the pjm region,
•   a charge of $10 million due to an increase in the ferc accrual related to the pjm bidding matter,
•   a decrease of $7 million due to higher mtm losses in 2017 as compared to 2016. of this amount, $120 million was due to increased forward prices, partially offset by a decrease of $113 million due to lower gains on positions reclassified to realized upon settlement in 2017 as compared to 2016,
•   partially offset by a net increase of $53 million due primarily to higher volumes of electricity sold under wholesale load contracts in the pjm and ne regions,
•   a net increase of $18 million in capacity revenues in the pjm and ne regions due to increases in cleared capacity and capacity auction prices, and
•   an increase of $11 million due to higher sales related to new solar projects.
gas supply revenues increased $110 million due primarily to
•   an increase of $67 million in sales under the bgss contract, of which $40 million was due to higher average sales prices coupled with a $27 million increase in sales volumes due to periods of colder weather in the heating season,
•   a net increase of $24 million due to higher mtm gains in 2017 as compared to 2016, and
•   an increase of $19 million related to sales to third parties, of which $48 million was due to higher average sales prices, partially offset by $29 million of lower volumes sold.
59
operating expenses energy costs represent the cost of generation, which includes fuel costs for generation as well as purchased energy in the market, and gas purchases to meet power's obligation under its bgss contract with pse&g. energy costs decreased $3 million due to generation costs decreased $69 million due primarily to
•   a net decrease of $83 million primarily due to lower congestion costs in pjm due to lower rates coupled with less volumes, partially offset by higher transmission charges due to higher rates,
•   a net decrease of $50 million due to charges associated with the announced early retirement of the mercer and hudson units in 2016, primarily related to lower coal inventory write-downs in 2017, partially offset by additional retirement costs incurred in 2017,
•   partially offset by higher fuel costs of $31 million reflecting higher average realized prices for natural gas coupled with the utilization of higher volumes of coal, partially offset by the utilization of lower volumes of gas,
•   an increase of $17 million due to mtm losses in 2017 as compared to mtm gains in 2016, and
•   a net increase of $16 million primarily due to an increase in the volume of energy purchases in the ne region to serve load obligations.
gas costs increased $66 million due to
•   an increase of $50 million related to sales under the bgss contract, of which $31 million was due to higher average gas costs, coupled with a $19 million increase in volumes sold due to periods of colder weather in the heating season, and
•   an increase of $16 million related to sales to third parties, of which $44 million was due to higher average gas costs, partially offset by a $28 million decrease in volumes sold.
operation and maintenance decreased $105 million due to
•   a $72 million decrease at our fossil plants, due primarily to the retirement of the hudson and mercer units and higher planned outage costs in 2016,
•   a $35 million net decrease related to our nuclear plants due primarily to lower labor-related expenses and outage costs,
•   an $8 million net decrease due to lower pension and opeb costs,
•   partially offset by $5 million of costs related to new solar plants placed into service in 2017.
depreciation and amortization increased $387 million due primarily to
•   $346 million of higher depreciation for hudson and mercer, primarily due to the accelerated expense related to the early retirement of those units,
•   a $15 million increase due to the accelerated retirement date for the bridgeport harbor unit 3,
•   an $11 million increase due primarily to a higher nuclear asset base, and
•   $11 million of higher depreciation due to new solar projects.
other income (deductions) increased $112 million due primarily to higher net realized gains from the ndt fund in 2017.
other-than-temporary impairments decreased $16 million due to lower impairments of equity securities in the ndt fund in 2017.
interest expense decreased $34 million due primarily to
•   a $24 million decrease due to higher interest capitalized for the construction of three new fossil stations: bh5, sewaren 7 and keys, and
•   a net $7 million decrease due to debt maturities in september 2016, partially offset by a debt issuance in june 2016.
income tax expense decreased $668 million due primarily to the one-time benefit recorded as a result of the remeasurement of deferred tax balances required due to the enactment of the tax act in december 2017.
60
year ended december 31, 2016 as compared to 2015
operating revenues decreased $905 million due to changes in generation, gas supply and other operating revenues.
generation revenues decreased $714 million due primarily to
•   a decrease of $317 million due to mtm losses in 2016 as compared to mtm gains in 2015. of this amount, $199 million was due to changes in forward power prices resulting in lower mtm gains in 2016 compared to 2015. also contributing to the decrease was $118 million of higher gains on positions reclassified to realized upon settlement in 2016 compared to 2015,
•   a decrease of $298 million in energy sales volumes in the pjm, ne and ny regions due primarily to milder weather in 2016 and lower average realized prices,
•   a decrease of $80 million in capacity revenue primarily in the pjm region due to the retirement of older peaking units in june 2015, and
•   a decrease of $49 million due to lower operating reserve revenues in the pjm region due to less congestion and lower prices,
•   partially offset by a net increase of $19 million due primarily to higher volumes of electricity sold under wholesale load contract in the pjm and ne regions, partially offset by lower average prices, and
•   a net increase of $8 million due to new solar projects beginning commercial operations.
gas supply revenues decreased $191 million due primarily to
•   a decrease of $183 million in sales under the bgss contract due primarily to lower average sales prices and a decrease in sales volumes due to warmer average temperatures in the 2016 heating season, and
•   a decrease of $9 million due to mtm losses in 2016 due to changes in forward prices.
operating expenses energy costs represent the cost of generation, which includes fuel costs for generation as well as purchased energy in the market, and gas purchases to meet power's obligation under its bgss contract with pse&g. energy costs decreased $164 million due to generation costs decreased $95 million due primarily to
•   lower fuel costs of $288 million reflecting lower average realized prices for natural gas and the utilization of lower volumes of fuel,
•   partially offset by a net increase of $143 million primarily due to realized gains on ftrs in pjm in 2015 due to extremely cold weather, and
•   a $62 million charge associated with the announced early retirement of the mercer and hudson units, primarily related to a coal inventory write-down.
gas costs decreased $69 million due to
•   a decrease of $101 million related to sales under the bgss contract due primarily to lower average gas costs and a decrease in volumes sold due to warmer average temperatures during the 2016 winter heating season,
•   partially offset by an increase of $32 million related to sales to third parties due primarily to higher average gas costs and an increase in volumes sold.
operation and maintenance increased $86 million due to
•   $145 million of insurance recoveries received in 2015 related to superstorm sandy, and
•   $53 million of charges related to the early retirement of the hudson and mercer units,
•   partially offset by a net decrease of $73 million related to our fossil plants, largely due to higher costs incurred in 2015 for our planned major outages at the bethlehem energy center and bergen generating plants,
•   a net decrease of $31 million related to our nuclear plants due primarily to lower planned outage costs at our 100%-owned hope creek plant and our 57%-owned salem unit 1 plant, and
•   an $8 million decrease due to lower pension and opeb costs.
61
depreciation and amortization increased $590 million due primarily to
•   $555 million of accelerated depreciation due to the early retirement of the hudson and mercer units,
•   a $24 million increase due primarily to a higher nuclear asset base, and
•   $5 million of higher depreciation due to new solar projects other income (deductions) decreased $52 million due primarily to $28 million of insurance recoveries received in 2015 related to superstorm sandy and $38 million of lower net realized gains from the ndt fund in 2016, partially offset by $10 million of lower purchased tax credits in 2016.
other-than-temporary impairments decreased $25 million due to lower impairments of equity securities in the ndt fund in 2016.
interest expense decreased $37 million due to
•   $27 million of interest capitalized for the construction of three new fossil stations: bridgeport harbor 5, sewaren 7 and keys energy center, and
•   a $15 million decrease due to the maturity of 5.50% of senior notes in december 2015,
•   partially offset by an increase of $5 million due to net debt issuances in 2016.
income tax expense decreased $572 million in 2016 due primarily to a pre-tax loss in 2016 as compared to pre-tax income in 2015.
liquidity and capital resources the following discussion of our liquidity and capital resources is on a consolidated basis, noting the uses and contributions, where material, of our two direct major operating subsidiaries.
financing methodology we expect our capital requirements to be met through internally generated cash flows and external financings, consisting of short-term debt for working capital needs and long-term debt for capital investments.
pse&g's sources of external liquidity include a $600 million multi-year revolving credit facility. pse&g uses internally generated cash flow and its commercial paper program to meet seasonal, intra-month and temporary working capital needs. pse&g does not engage in any intercompany borrowing or lending arrangements. pse&g maintains back-up facilities in an amount sufficient to cover the commercial paper and letters of credit outstanding. pse&g's dividend payments to/capital contributions from pseg are consistent with its capital structure objectives which have been established to maintain investment grade credit ratings. pse&g's long-term financing plan is designed to replace maturities, fund a portion of its capital program and manage short-term debt balances. generally, pse&g uses either secured medium-term notes or first mortgage bonds to raise long-term capital.
pseg, power, energy holdings, pseg li and services participate in a corporate money pool, an aggregation of daily cash balances designed to efficiently manage their respective short-term liquidity needs. pseg li's subsidiary, long island electric utility servco, llc (servco), does not participate in the corporate money pool. servco's short-term liquidity needs are met through an account funded and owned by lipa.
pseg's sources of external liquidity may include the issuance of long-term debt securities and the incurrence of additional indebtedness under credit facilities. our current sources of external liquidity include multi-year revolving credit facilities totaling $1.5 billion. these facilities are available to back-stop pseg's commercial paper program, issue letters of credit and for general corporate purposes. these facilities may also be used to provide support to pseg's subsidiaries. pseg's credit facilities and the commercial paper program are available to support pseg working capital needs or to temporarily fund growth opportunities in advance of obtaining permanent financing. pseg also has a $700 million term loan credit agreement that is scheduled to expire in june 2019. from time to time, pseg may make equity contributions or provide credit support to its subsidiaries.
power's sources of external liquidity include $2.1 billion of multi-year revolving credit facilities. additionally, from time to time, power maintains bilateral credit agreements designed to enhance its liquidity position. credit capacity is primarily used to provide collateral in support of power's forward energy sale and forward fuel purchase contracts as the market prices for energy and fuel fluctuate, and to meet potential collateral postings in the event that power is downgraded to below investment grade by s&p or moody's. power's dividend payments to pseg are also designed to be consistent with its capital structure objectives
62
which have been established to maintain investment grade credit ratings and provide sufficient financial flexibility. generally, power issues senior unsecured debt to raise long-term capital.
operating cash flows we expect our operating cash flows combined with cash on hand and financing activities to be sufficient to fund capital expenditures and shareholder dividend payments.
for the year ended december 31, 2017, our operating cash flow decreased by $50 million. for the year ended december 31, 2016, our operating cash flow decreased by $608 million. the net changes were primarily due to net tax payments at pseg and its other subsidiaries in 2017 offset by net changes from our subsidiaries as discussed below.
pse&g pse&g's operating cash flow decreased $55 million from $1,894 million to $1,839 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, as compared to 2016, due primarily to lower tax refunds and a decrease of $50 million related to a change in regulatory deferrals. these amounts were partially offset by higher earnings and $30 million in decreased vendor payments.
pse&g's operating cash flow decreased $231 million from $2,125 million to $1,894 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, as compared to 2015, due primarily to a decrease from lower collections for securitization debt principal repayments which were $259 million in 2015, a decrease of $249 million in cash receipts from customers due to lower sales driven by warmer winter weather in 2016 compared to 2015, a decrease of $90 million related to a change in regulatory deferrals, primarily driven by net returns to customers in 2016 related to 2015 overcollections, partially offset by higher bill credits and $74 million in increased vendor payments. these amounts were partially offset by higher earnings and higher tax refunds in 2016.
power power's operating cash flow increased $71 million from $1,255 million to $1,326 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, as compared to 2016, primarily resulting from a decrease of $61 million in payments to counterparties, a $26 million increase from higher net collections of counterparty receivables, and higher earnings. these amounts were partially offset by higher tax payments and an increase in margin deposit requirements of $14 million.
power's operating cash flow decreased $451 million from $1,706 million to $1,255 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, as compared to 2015, primarily resulting from lower earnings, an increase in margin deposit requirements of $198 million, and a $134 million decrease from net collection of counterparty receivables, partially offset by a reduction in tax payments.
short-term liquidity we continually monitor our liquidity and seek to add capacity as needed to meet our liquidity requirements. each of our credit facilities is restricted as to availability and use to the specific companies as listed below; however, if necessary, the pseg facilities can also be used to support our subsidiaries' liquidity needs. our total credit facilities and available liquidity as of december 31, 2017 were as follows:
company/facility                                                       as of december 31, 2017
totalfacility                                 usage              availableliquidity millions pseg                          $1,500                $556                             $944
pse&amp;g          600                                15                              585
power                          2,100                 151                            1,949
total                         $4,200                $722                           $3,478
as of december 31, 2017, our credit facility capacity was in excess of our projected maximum liquidity requirements over our 12-month planning horizon. our maximum liquidity requirements are based on stress scenarios that incorporate changes in commodity prices and the potential impact of power losing its investment grade credit rating from s&p or moody's, which would represent a three level downgrade from its current s&p or moody's ratings. in the event of a deterioration of power's credit rating certain of power's agreements allow the counterparty to demand further performance assurance. the potential additional collateral that we would be required to post under these agreements if power were to lose its investment grade credit rating was approximately $848 million and $783 million as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the early retirement of power's hudson and mercer coal/gas generation units did not have a material impact on power's debt covenant ratios or its ability to obtain credit facilities. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-note 3. early plant retirements.
63
for additional information, see item 8.financial statements and supplementary data-note 14. debt and credit facilities.
long-term debt financing pse&g has $400 million of 5.30% medium term notes maturing in may 2018 and $350 million of 2.30% medium term notes maturing in september 2018.
power has $250 million of 2.45% senior notes maturing in november 2018.
for a discussion of our long-term debt transactions during 2017 and into 2018, see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-note 14. debt and credit facilities.
debt covenants our credit agreements contain maximum debt to equity ratios and other restrictive covenants and conditions to borrowing. we are currently in compliance with all of our debt covenants. continued compliance with applicable financial covenants will depend upon our future financial position, level of earnings and cash flows, as to which no assurances can be given.
in addition, under its first and refunding mortgage (mortgage), pse&g may issue new first and refunding mortgage bonds against previous additions and improvements, provided that its ratio of earnings to fixed charges calculated in accordance with its mortgage is at least 2 to 1, and/or against retired mortgage bonds. as of december 31, 2017, pse&g's mortgage coverage ratio was 5.2 to 1 and the mortgage would permit up to approximately $6.9 billion aggregate principal amount of new mortgage bonds to be issued against additions and improvements to its property.
default provisions our bank credit agreements and indentures contain various, customary default provisions that could result in the potential acceleration of indebtedness under the defaulting company's agreement.
in particular, pseg's bank credit agreements contain provisions under which certain events, including an acceleration of material indebtedness under pse&g's and power's respective financing agreements, a failure by pse&g or power to satisfy certain final judgments and certain bankruptcy events by pse&g or power, that would constitute an event of default under the pseg bank credit agreements. under the pseg bank credit agreements, it would also be an event of default if either pse&g or power ceases to be wholly owned by pseg. the pse&g and power bank credit agreements include similar default provisions; however, such provisions only relate to the respective borrower under such agreement and its subsidiaries and do not contain cross default provisions to each other. the pse&g and power bank credit agreements do not include cross default provisions relating to pseg.
there are no cross acceleration provisions in pseg's or pse&g's indentures. however, pseg's existing notes include a cross acceleration provision that may be triggered upon the acceleration of more than $75 million of indebtedness incurred by pseg. such provision does not extend to an acceleration of indebtedness by any of pseg's subsidiaries. power's indenture includes a cross acceleration provision similar to that described above for pseg's existing notes except that such provision may be triggered upon the acceleration of more than $50 million of indebtedness incurred by power or any of its subsidiaries. such provision does not cross accelerate to pseg, any of pseg's subsidiaries (other than power and its subsidiaries), pse&g or any of pse&g's subsidiaries.
ratings triggers our debt indentures and credit agreements do not contain any material 'ratings triggers' that would cause an acceleration of the required interest and principal payments in the event of a ratings downgrade. however, in the event of a downgrade, any one or more of the affected companies may be subject to increased interest costs on certain bank debt and certain collateral requirements. in the event that we are not able to affirm representations and warranties on credit agreements, lenders would not be required to make loans.
in accordance with bpu requirements under the bgs contracts, pse&g is required to maintain an investment grade credit rating. if pse&g were to lose its investment grade rating, it would be required to file a plan to assure continued payment for the bgs requirements of its customers.
fluctuations in commodity prices or a deterioration of power's credit rating to below investment grade could increase power's required margin postings under various agreements entered into in the normal course of business. power believes it has sufficient liquidity to meet the required posting of collateral which would likely result from a credit rating downgrade to below investment grade by s&p or moody's at today's market prices.
64
common stock dividends years ended december 31, dividend payments on common stock   2017                            2016                2015
per share                                 $1.72               $1.64               $1.56
in millions                                $870                $830                $789
on february 20, 2018, our board of directors approved a $0.45 per share of common stock dividend for the first quarter of 2018. this reflects an indicative annual dividend rate of $1.80 per share. we expect to continue to pay cash dividends on our common stock; however, the declaration and payment of future dividends to holders of our common stock will be at the discretion of the board of directors and will depend upon many factors, including our financial condition, earnings, capital requirements of our businesses, alternate investment opportunities, legal requirements, regulatory constraints, industry practice and other factors that the board of directors deems relevant. for additional information related to cash dividends on our common stock, see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-note16. earnings per share (eps) and dividends.
credit ratings if the rating agencies lower or withdraw our credit ratings, such revisions may adversely affect the market price of our securities and serve to materially increase our cost of capital and limit access to capital. credit ratings shown are for securities that we typically issue. outlooks are shown for corporate credit ratings (s&p) and issuer credit ratings (moody's) and can be stable, negative, or positive. there is no assurance that the ratings will continue for any given period of time or that they will not be revised by the rating agencies, if, in their respective judgments, circumstances warrant. each rating given by an agency should be evaluated independently of the other agencies' ratings. the ratings should not be construed as an indication to buy, hold or sell any security.
in april 2017, s&p published updated research and affirmed the ratings and outlooks on pseg and pse&g. in june 2017, s&p published updated research on power and the rating and outlook remained unchanged. in july 2017, moody's upgraded pseg's senior unsecured rating to baa1 from baa2 and revised its outlook to stable from positive. also in july, moody's affirmed the ratings at pse&g and power.
moody's (a)   s&amp;p (b)
pseg outlook            stable        stable senior notes       baa1          bbb commercial paper   p2            a2
pse&amp;g outlook            stable        stable mortgage bonds     aa3           a commercial paper   p1            a2
power outlook            stable        stable senior notes       baa1          bbb+
(a)   moody's ratings range from aaa (highest) to c (lowest) for long-term securities and p1 (highest) to np (lowest) for short-term securities.
(b)   s&amp;p ratings range from aaa (highest) to d (lowest) for long-term securities and a1 (highest) to d (lowest) for short-term securities.
other comprehensive income for the year ended december 31, 2017, we had other comprehensive income of $34 million on a consolidated basis. other comprehensive income was due primarily to a $44 million increase in net unrealized gains related to available-for-sale securities, partially offset by a decrease of $8 million in our consolidated liability for pension and postretirement benefits and $2 million of unrealized losses on derivative contracts accounted for as hedges. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-note 21. accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax for additional information.
65
capital requirements we expect that all of our capital requirements over the next three years will come from a combination of internally generated funds and external debt financing. projected capital construction and investment expenditures, excluding nuclear fuel purchases, for the next three years are presented in the table below. these projections include allowance for funds used during construction and interest capitalized during construction for pse&g and power, respectively. these amounts are subject to change, based on various factors. amounts shown below for energy strong, gsmp and solar/energy efficiency programs are for currently approved programs. we intend to continue to invest in infrastructure modernization and will seek to extend these and related programs as appropriate. we will also continue to approach potential growth investments for power opportunistically, seeking projects that will provide attractive risk-adjusted returns for our shareholders.
2018                 2019                2020
millions pse&amp;g:
transmission                              $1,235              $1,290               $1,280
distribution                               1,015                 715                  705
energy strong                                 35                   -                    -
gas system modernization program             300                  40                    -
solar/energy efficiency                       85                  75                   55
total pse&amp;g                           $2,670              $2,120               $2,040
power:
baseline                                    $170                $165                 $165
fossil growth opportunities                  445                  65                   10
other                                         30                  30                   20
total power                                 $645                $260                 $195
other                                        $40                 $30                  $20
total pseg                                $3,355              $2,410               $2,255
pse&g pse&g's projections for future capital expenditures include material additions and replacements to its transmission and distribution systems to meet expected growth and to manage reliability. as project scope and cost estimates develop, pse&g will modify its current projections to include these required investments. pse&g's projected expenditures for the various items reported above are primarily comprised of the following:
•   transmission-investments focused on reliability improvements and replacement of aging infrastructure.
•   distribution-investments for new business, reliability improvements, and replacement of equipment that has reached the end of its useful life.
•   energy strong-electric and gas distribution reliability investment program focused on system hardening and resiliency.
•   gas system modernization program-gas distribution investment program to replace aging infrastructure.
•   solar/energy efficiency-investments associated with grid-connected solar, solar loan programs, and customer energy efficiency programs.
in november 2017, the bpu issued an order approving pse&g's net investment of $100 million to rebuild new jersey transit's mason electric distribution substation and related facilities in kearny, new jersey. this project is expected to be completed in december 2021.
in july 2017, pse&g filed a petition with the bpu requesting approval of the $2.7 billion next phase of the gas system modernization program (gsmp ii) and associated cost recovery mechanism. the gsmp ii program will enable pse&g to continue to accelerate the replacement of its aging cast-iron and unprotected steel gas pipes. this matter is currently pending before the bpu and is not included in the pse&g's projected capital expenditures above.
66
in 2017, pse&g made $2,919 million of capital expenditures, primarily for transmission and distribution system reliability. this does not include expenditures for cost of removal, net of salvage, of $107 million, which are included in operating cash flows.
power power's projected expenditures for the various items listed above are primarily comprised of the following:
•   baseline-investments to replace major parts and enhance operational performance.
•   fossil growth opportunities-investments associated with new construction, including keys, sewaren 7 and bh5, and with upgrades to increase efficiency and output at combined cycle plants.
•   other-includes investments made in response to environmental, regulatory and legal mandates and other capital projects.
in 2017, power made $1,040 million of capital expenditures, excluding $191 million for nuclear fuel, primarily related to various projects at fossil, solar and nuclear.
disclosures about contractual obligations the following table reflects our contractual cash obligations in the respective periods in which they are due. in addition, the table summarizes anticipated debt maturities for the years shown. for additional information, see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-note 14. debt and credit facilities.
the table below does not reflect any anticipated cash payments for pension obligations due to uncertain timing of payments or liabilities for uncertain tax positions since we are unable to reasonably estimate the timing of liability payments in individual years beyond 12 months due to uncertainties in the timing of the effective settlement of tax positions. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-note 20. income taxes for additional information.
totalamountcommitted           lessthan1 year            2 - 3years             4- 5years           over5 years millions contractual cash obligations long-term recourse debt maturities pseg                                                          $2,100                         $-                 $1,100                $1,000                    $-
pse&amp;g                                                      8,658                        750                    759                   434                 6,715
power                                                          2,400                        250                    450                   950                   750
interest on recourse debt pseg                                                             157                         49                     65                    43                     -
pse&amp;g                                                      5,186                        313                    578                   525                 3,770
power                                                            821                        113                    202                   129                   377
capital lease obligations power                                                              2                          1                      1                     -                     -
operating leases pse&amp;g                                                        113                         16                     17                    15                    65
power                                                             58                          5                      9                     6                    38
services                                                         194                         14                     30                    30                   120
other                                                              6                          1                      2                     2                     1
energy-related purchase commitments power                                                          2,670                        730                    938                   468                   534
total contractual cash obligations                           $22,365                     $2,242                 $4,151                $3,602               $12,370
liability payments for uncertain tax positions pseg                                                             $69                        $69                     $-                    $-                    $-
pse&amp;g                                                         35                         35                      -                     -                     -
power                                                             30                         30                      -                     -                     -
67
off-balance sheet arrangements pseg and power issue guarantees, primarily in conjunction with certain of power's energy contracts. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-note 13. commitments and contingent liabilities for further discussion.
through energy holdings, we have investments in leveraged leases that are accounted for in accordance with gaap accounting for leases. leveraged lease investments generally involve three parties: an owner/lessor, a creditor and a lessee. in a typical leveraged lease arrangement, the lessor purchases an asset to be leased. the purchase price is typically financed 80% with debt provided by the creditor and the balance comes from equity funds provided by the lessor. the creditor provides long-term financing to the transaction secured by the property subject to the lease. such long-term financing is non-recourse to the lessor and is not presented on our consolidated balance sheets. in the event of default, the leased asset, and in some cases the lessee, secures the loan. as a lessor, energy holdings has ownership rights to the property and rents the property to the lessees for use in their business operations. for additional information, see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-note 7. long-term investments and note 8. financing receivables.
in the event that collection of the minimum lease payments to be received by energy holdings is no longer reasonably assured, energy holdings may deem that a lessee has a high probability of defaulting on the lease obligation, and would consider the need to record an impairment of its investment. in the event the lease is ultimately rejected by the lessee in a bankruptcy court proceeding, the fair value of the underlying asset and the associated debt would be recorded on the consolidated balance sheets instead of the net equity investment in the lease.
critical accounting estimates under gaap, many accounting standards require the use of estimates, variable inputs and assumptions (collectively referred to as estimates) that are subjective in nature. because of this, differences between the actual measure realized versus the estimate can have a material impact on results of operations, financial position and cash flows. we have determined that the following estimates are considered critical to the application of rules that relate to the respective businesses.
accounting for pensions pseg sponsors qualified and nonqualified pension plans covering pseg's and its participating affiliates' current and former employees who meet certain eligibility criteria. the market-related value of plan assets held for the qualified pension plan is equal to the fair value of these assets as of year-end. the plan assets are comprised of investments in both debt and equity securities which are valued using quoted market prices, broker or dealer quotations, or alternative pricing sources with reasonable levels of price transparency. we calculate pension costs using various economic and demographic assumptions.
assumptions and approach used: economic assumptions include the discount rate and the long-term rate of return on trust assets. demographic assumptions include projections of future mortality rates, pay increases and retirement patterns.
assumption                                  2017          2016          2015
discount rate                               3.73   %      4.29   %      4.54   %
expected rate of return on plan assets      7.80   %      8.00   %      8.00   %
the discount rate used to calculate pension obligations is determined as of december 31 each year, our measurement date. the discount rate is determined by developing a spot rate curve based on the yield to maturity of a universe of high quality corporate bonds with similar maturities to the plan obligations. the spot rates are used to discount the estimated plan distributions. the discount rate is the single equivalent rate that produces the same result as the full spot rate curve.
our expected rate of return on plan assets reflects current asset allocations, historical long-term investment performance and an estimate of future long-term returns by asset class, long-term inflation assumptions and a premium for active management.
based on the above assumptions, we have estimated a net periodic pension credit in 2018 of approximately $(36) million, or $(87) million, net of amounts capitalized.
we utilize a corridor approach that reduces the volatility of reported pension expense/income. the corridor requires differences between actuarial assumptions and plan results be deferred and amortized as part of expense/income. this occurs only when the accumulated differences exceed 10% of the greater of the pension benefit obligation or the fair value of plan assets as of each year-end. the excess would be amortized over the average remaining service period of the active employees, which is approximately thirteen years.
effect if different assumptions used: as part of the business planning process, we have modeled future costs assuming a 7.80% expected rate of return and a 3.73% discount rate for 2018. actual future pension expense/income and funding levels
68
will depend on future investment performance, changes in discount rates, market conditions, funding levels relative to our projected benefit obligation and accumulated benefit obligation and various other factors related to the populations participating in the pension plans.
the following chart reflects the sensitivities associated with a change in certain assumptions. the effects of the assumption changes shown below solely reflect the impact of that specific assumption.
% change   impact on pensionbenefit obligation as of december 31, 2017          increase to pension expense in 2018          increase topension expense, net of amounts capitalizedin 2018
assumption                                          millions discount rate                                (1)%   $866                                                                 $46                                          $36
expected rate of return on plan assets       (1)%   n/a                                                                  $57                                          $57
see item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk for additional information.
derivative instruments the operations of pseg, power and pse&g are exposed to market risks from changes in commodity prices, interest rates and equity prices that could affect their results of operations and financial condition. exposure to these risks is managed through normal operating and financing activities and, when appropriate, through executing derivative transactions. derivative instruments are used to create a relationship in which changes to the value of the assets, liabilities or anticipated transactions exposed to market risks are expected to be offset by changes in the value of these derivative instruments.
current accounting guidance requires us to recognize all derivatives on the balance sheet at their fair value, except for derivatives that qualify for and are designated as normal purchases and normal sales contracts.
assumptions and approach used: in general, the fair value of our derivative instruments is determined primarily by end of day clearing market prices from an exchange, such as nymex, intercontinental exchange and nodal exchange, or auction prices. fair values of other energy contracts may be based on broker quotes.
for a small number of contracts where limited observable inputs or pricing information are available, modeling techniques are employed in determination of their fair value using assumptions reflective of contractual terms, current market rates, forward price curves, discount rates and risk factors, as applicable.
for our wholesale energy business, many of the forward sale, forward purchase, option and other contracts are derivative instruments that hedge commodity price risk, but do not meet the requirements for, or are not designated as, either cash flow or fair value hedge accounting. the changes in value of such derivative contracts are marked to market through earnings as the related commodity prices fluctuate. as a result, our earnings may experience significant fluctuations depending on the volatility of commodity prices.
effect if different assumptions used: any significant changes to the fair market values of our derivatives instruments could result in a material change in the value of the assets or liabilities recorded on our consolidated balance sheets and could result in a material change to the unrealized gains or losses recorded in our consolidated statements of operations.
for additional information regarding derivative financial instruments, see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 1. organization, basis of presentation and summary of significant accounting policies, note 16. financial risk management activities and note 17. fair value measurements.
long-lived assets management evaluates long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances, such as significant adverse changes in regulation, business climate or market conditions, could potentially indicate an asset's or asset group's carrying amount may not be recoverable.
assumptions and approach used: in the event certain triggers exist indicating an asset/asset group may not be recoverable, an undiscounted cash flow test is performed to determine if an impairment exists. when the carrying value of a long-lived asset/asset group exceeds the undiscounted estimate of future cash flows associated with the asset/asset group, an impairment may exist to the extent that the fair value of the asset/asset group is less than its carrying amount. these tests require significant estimates and judgment when developing expected future cash flows. significant inputs include forward power prices, fuel costs, dispatch rates, other operating and capital expenditures and the cost of borrowing.
69
effect if different assumptions used: the above cash flow tests and fair value estimates may be impacted by a change in the assumptions noted above and could significantly impact the outcome, triggering additional impairment tests or write-offs.
lease investments our investments in leases, included in long-term investments on our consolidated balance sheets, are comprised of lease receivables (net of non-recourse debt), the estimated residual value of leased assets, and unearned and deferred income. a significant portion of the estimated residual value of leased assets is related to merchant power plants leased to other energy companies. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 7. long-term investments and note 8. financing receivables.
assumptions and approach used: residual values are the estimated values of the leased assets at the end of the respective lease per the original lease terms, net of any subsequent impairments. the estimated values are calculated by discounting the cash flows related to the leased assets after the lease term. for the merchant power plants, the estimated discounted cash flows are dependent upon various assumptions, including:
•   estimated forward power and capacity prices in the years after the lease,
•   related prices of fuel for the plants,
•   dispatch rates for the plants,
•   future capital expenditures required to maintain the plants,
•   future operation and maintenance expenses,
•   discount rates, and
•   the current estimated economic viability of the plants after the end of the base lease term.
a review of the residual valuations is performed at least annually for each plant subject to lease using specific assumptions tailored to each plant. those valuations are compared to the recorded residual values to determine if an impairment is warranted.
effect if different assumptions used: a significant change to the assumptions, such as a large decrease in near-term power prices that affects the market's view of long-term power prices, could result in an impairment of one or more of the residual values, but not necessarily to all of the residual values. however, if, because of changes in assumptions, all the residual values related to the merchant energy plants were deemed to be zero, we would recognize an after-tax charge to income of approximately $78 million.
asset retirement obligations (aro)
pse&g, power and services recognize liabilities for the expected cost of retiring long-lived assets for which a legal obligation exists. these aros are recorded at fair value in the period in which they are incurred and are capitalized as part of the carrying amount of the related long-lived assets. pse&g, as a rate-regulated entity, recognizes regulatory assets or liabilities as a result of timing differences between the recording of costs and costs recovered through the rate-making process. we accrete the aro liability to reflect the passage of time with the corresponding expense recorded in operation and maintenance.
assumptions and approach used: because quoted market prices are not available for aros, we estimate the initial fair value of an aro by calculating discounted cash flows that are dependent upon various assumptions, including:
•   estimation of dates for retirement, which can be dependent on environmental and other legislation,
•   amounts and timing of future cash expenditures associated with retirement, settlement or remediation activities,
•   discount rates,
•   cost escalation rates,
•   market risk premium,
•   inflation rates, and
•   if applicable, past experience with government regulators regarding similar obligations.
we obtain updated cost studies triennially unless new information necessitates more frequent updates. the most recent cost study was done in 2015. when we revise any assumptions used to calculate fair values of existing aros, we adjust the aro
70
balance and corresponding long-lived asset which impacts the amount of accretion and depreciation expense recognized in future periods.
nuclear decommissioning aros aros related to the future decommissioning of power's nuclear facilities comprised 93% of power's total aros as of december 31, 2017. power determines its aros for its nuclear units by assigning probability weighting to various discounted cash flow outcomes for each of its nuclear units that incorporate the assumptions above as well as:
•   financial feasibility and impacts on potential early shutdown,
•   license renewals,
•   safe storage for a period of time after retirement, and
•   recovery from the federal government of costs incurred for spent nuclear fuel.
effect if different assumptions used: changes in the assumptions could result in a material change in the aro balance sheet obligation and the period over which we accrete to the ultimate liability. for example, a decrease of 1% in the discount rate would result in a $120 million increase in the nuclear aro as of december 31, 2017. an increase of 1% in the inflation rate would result in a $324 million increase in the nuclear aro as of december 31, 2017. also, if we did not assume that we would recover from the federal government the costs incurred for spent nuclear fuel, the nuclear aro would increase by $550 million at december 31, 2017. if power were to increase its early shutdown probability to 100% and retire salem and hope creek in 2021 (when the current capacity obligations for salem and hope creek expire), which is significantly earlier than the end of their current license periods, the nuclear aro would increase by $428 million.
accounting for regulated businesses pse&g prepares its financial statements to comply with gaap for rate-regulated enterprises, which differs in some respects from accounting for non-regulated businesses. in general, accounting for rate-regulated enterprises should reflect the economic effects of regulation. as a result, a regulated utility is required to defer the recognition of costs (regulatory asset) or recognize obligations (regulatory liability) if the rates established are designed to recover the costs and if the competitive environment makes it probable that such rates can be charged or collected. this accounting results in the recognition of revenues and expenses in different time periods than that of enterprises that are not regulated.
assumptions and approach used: pse&g recognizes regulatory assets where it is probable that such costs will be recoverable in future rates from customers and regulatory liabilities where it is probable that refunds will be made to customers in future billings. the highest degree of probability is an order from the bpu either approving recovery of the deferred costs over a future period or requiring the refund of a liability over a future period.
virtually all of pse&g's regulatory assets and liabilities are supported by bpu orders. in the absence of an order, pse&g will consider the following when determining whether to record a regulatory asset or liability:
•   past experience regarding similar items with the bpu,
•   treatment of a similar item in an order by the bpu for another utility,
•   passage of new legislation, and
•   recent discussions with the bpu.
all deferred costs are subject to prudence reviews by the bpu. when the recovery of a regulatory asset or payment of a regulatory liability is no longer probable, pse&g charges or credits earnings, as appropriate.
effect if different assumptions used: a change in the above assumptions may result in a material impact on our results of operations or our cash flows. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-note 6. regulatory assets and liabilities for a description of the amounts and nature of regulatory balance sheet amounts.
