item 1a. risk factors the risk factors set forth below and elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k are important factors that could cause actual results to differ from expected or historical results. it is not possible to predict or identify all such risks. there may be additional risks that we consider not to be material, or which are not known, and any of these risks could have the effects set forth below. the ordering of the risk factors set forth below is not intended to reflect any company indication of priority or likelihood. see item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations for a cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements.
adverse worldwide economic or other conditions could reduce the demand for cruises and passenger spending, adversely impacting our operating results, cash flows and financial condition including potentially impairing the value of our ships and other assets.
the demand for cruises is affected by international, national and local economic conditions. weak or uncertain economic conditions impact consumer confidence and pose a risk as vacationers may postpone or reduce discretionary spending. this, in turn, may result in cruise booking slowdowns, decreased cruise prices and lower onboard revenues. given the global nature of our business, we are exposed to many different economies and our business could be hurt by challenging conditions in any of our markets. any significant deterioration of international, national or local economic conditions could result in a prolonged period of booking slowdowns, depressed cruise prices and reduced onboard revenues.
fears of terrorist attacks, war, and other hostilities could have a negative impact on our results of operations.
events such as terrorist attacks, war (or war-like conditions), conflicts (domestic or cross-border), civil unrest and other hostilities, including an escalation in the frequency or severity of incidents, and the resulting political instability, travel restrictions and advisories, and concerns over safety and security aspects of traveling or the fear of any of the foregoing have had, and could have in the future, a significant adverse impact on demand and pricing in the travel and vacation industry. in view of our global operations, we are susceptible to a wide range of adverse events. these events could also result in additional security measures taken by local authorities which may potentially impact access to ports and/or destinations.
our operating costs could increase due to market forces and economic or geo-political factors beyond our control.
our operating costs, including fuel, food, payroll and benefits, airfare, taxes, insurance and security costs, are all subject to increases due to market forces and economic or geo-political conditions or other factors beyond our control. increases in these operating costs could adversely affect our profitability.
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, fuel prices and interest rates could affect our financial results.
we are exposed to market risk attributable to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, fuel prices and interest rates. significant changes in any of the foregoing could have a material impact on our financial results, net of the impact of our hedging activities and natural offsets. our operating results have been and will continue to be impacted, often significantly, by changes in each of these factors. the value of our earnings in foreign currencies is adversely impacted by a strong united states dollar. in addition, any significant increase in fuel prices could materially and adversely affect our business as fuel prices not only impact our fuel costs, but also some of our other expenses, such as crew travel, freight and commodity prices. see "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" and "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" for more information.
conducting business globally may result in increased costs and other risks.
we operate our business globally. operating internationally exposes us to a number of risks, including increased exposure to a wider range of regional and local economic conditions, volatile local political conditions, potential
23
changes in duties and taxes, including changing and/or uncertain interpretations of existing tax laws and regulations, required compliance with additional laws and policies affecting cruising, vacation or maritime businesses or governing the operations of foreign-based companies, currency fluctuations, interest rate movements, difficulties in operating under local business environments, port quality and availability in certain regions, u.s. and global anti-bribery laws or regulations, imposition of trade barriers and restrictions on repatriation of earnings.
our future growth strategies increasingly depend on the growth and sustained profitability of certain international markets, such as china. some factors that will be critical to our success in developing these markets may be different than those affecting our more-established north american and european markets. in the chinese market, in particular, our future success depends on our ability to continue to raise awareness of our products, evolve the available distribution channels and adapt our offerings to best suit the chinese consumer. china's economy differs from the economies of other developed countries in many respects and, as the legal and regulatory system in china continues to evolve, there may be greater uncertainty as to the interpretation and enforcement of applicable laws and regulations. in march 2017, china's national tourism administration issued a directive to travel agents to halt sales of holiday packages to south korea. this travel restriction has had a direct impact on our related itineraries impacting the overall performance of our china business. it is uncertain what the ultimate scope and duration of this restriction will be, but to the extent that this or similar sanctions affecting regional travel and/or tourism continues or are put in place, it may impact local demand, available cruise itineraries and the overall financial performance of the china market.
operating globally also exposes us to numerous and sometimes conflicting legal, regulatory and tax requirements. in many parts of the world, including countries in which we operate, practices in the local business communities might not conform to international business standards. we must adhere to policies designed to promote legal and regulatory compliance as well as applicable laws and regulations. however, we might not be successful in ensuring that our employees, agents, representatives and other third parties with whom we associate throughout the world properly adhere to them. failure by us, our employees or any of these third parties to adhere to our policies or applicable laws or regulations could result in penalties, sanctions, damage to our reputation and related costs which in turn could negatively affect our results of operations and cash flows.
we have operations in and source passengers from the united kingdom and other member countries of the european union. in march 2017, the united kingdom notified the european council of its intent to withdraw from the european union. since the initial referendum in june 2016, the expected withdrawal has resulted in increased volatility in the global financial markets and, in particular, in global currency exchange rates. the expected withdrawal could potentially adversely affect tax, legal and regulatory regimes to which our business in the region is subject. the expected withdrawal could also, among other potential outcomes, disrupt the free movement of goods, services and people between the united kingdom and the european union. further, as the expected withdrawal approaches, continued uncertainty around these issues could lead to adverse effects on the economy of the united kingdom, including the value of the british pound, and the other economies in which we operate, making it more difficult to source passengers from these regions. these risks may be exacerbated if voters of other countries within the european union similarly elect to exit the european union in future referendums.
as a global operator, our business may be also impacted by changes in u.s. policy or priorities in areas such as trade, immigration and/or environmental or labor regulations, among others. depending on the nature and scope of any such changes, they could impact our domestic and international business operations. any such changes, and any international response to them, could potentially introduce new barriers to passenger or crew travel and/or cross border transactions, impact our guest experience and/or increase our operating costs.
if we are unable to address these risks adequately, our financial position and results of operations could be adversely affected, including potentially impairing the value of our ships and other assets.
price increases for commercial airline service for our guests or major changes or reduction in commercial airline service and/or availability could adversely impact the demand for cruises and undermine our ability to provide reasonably priced vacation packages to our guests.
24
many of our guests depend on scheduled commercial airline services to transport them to or from the ports where our cruises embark or disembark. increases in the price of airfare would increase the overall price of the cruise vacation to our guests, which may adversely impact demand for our cruises. in addition, changes in the availability of commercial airline services could adversely affect our guests' ability to obtain airfare, as well as our ability to fly our guests to or from our cruise ships, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
incidents or adverse publicity concerning our ships and/or passengers or the cruise vacation industry in general, unusual weather conditions and other natural disasters or disruptions could affect our reputation as well as impact our sales and results of operations.
the ownership and/or operation of cruise ships, private destinations, port facilities and shore excursions involves the risk of accidents, illnesses, mechanical failures, environmental incidents and other incidents which may bring into question safety, health, security and vacation satisfaction which could negatively impact our reputation. incidents involving cruise ships, and, in particular the safety, health and security of guests and crew and media coverage thereof have impacted and could in the future impact demand for our cruises and pricing in the industry. our reputation and our business could also be damaged by negative publicity regarding the cruise industry in general, including publicity regarding the spread of contagious disease and the potentially adverse environmental impacts of cruising. the considerable expansion in the use of social media and digital marketing over recent years has compounded the potential scope of any negative publicity. if any such incident or news cycle occurs during a time of high seasonal demand, the effect could disproportionately impact our results of operations for the year. in addition, incidents involving cruise ships may result in additional costs to our business, increasing government or other regulatory oversight and, in the case of incidents involving our ships, potential litigation.
our cruise ships and port facilities may also be adversely impacted by weather or natural disasters or disruptions, such as hurricanes. we are often forced to alter itineraries and occasionally cancel a cruise or a series of cruises or to redeploy our ships due to these types of events, which could have an adverse effect on our sales and profitability in the current and future periods. for example, the 2017 hurricane season was particularly impactful to our operations in the caribbean. increases in the frequency, severity or duration of severe weather events, including those related to climate change, could exacerbate the impact and cause further disruption to our operations. in addition, these and any other events which impact the travel industry more generally may negatively impact our ability to deliver guests or crew to our cruises and/or interrupt our ability to obtain services and goods from key vendors in our supply chain. any of the foregoing could have an adverse impact on our results of operations and on industry performance.
an increase in capacity worldwide or excess capacity in a particular market could adversely impact our cruise sales and/or pricing.
although our ships can be redeployed, cruise sales and/or pricing may be impacted by the introduction of new ships into the marketplace, reductions in cruise capacity, overall market growth and deployment decisions of ourselves and our competitors. as of december 31, 2017, a total of 75 new ships with approximately 184,000 berths are on order for delivery through 2022 in the cruise industry. the further net growth in capacity from these new ships and future orders, without an increase in the cruise industry's demand and/or share of the vacation market, could depress cruise prices and impede our ability to achieve yield improvement.
in addition, to the extent that we or our competitors deploy ships to a particular itinerary and the resulting capacity in that region exceeds the demand, we may lower pricing and profitability may be lower than anticipated. this risk exists in emerging cruise markets, such as china, where capacity has grown rapidly over the past few years and in mature markets where excess capacity is typically redeployed. any of the foregoing could have an adverse impact on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, including potentially impairing the value of our ships and other assets.
unavailability of ports of call may adversely affect our results of operations.
25
we believe that port destinations are a major reason why guests choose to go on a particular cruise or on a cruise vacation. the availability of ports is affected by a number of factors, including existing capacity constraints, constraints related to the size of certain ships, security, environmental and health concerns, adverse weather conditions and natural disasters, financial limitations on port development, exclusivity arrangements that ports may have with our competitors, local governmental regulations and local community concerns about port development and other adverse impacts on their communities from additional tourists. in addition, fuel costs may adversely impact the destinations on certain of our itineraries. any limitations on the availability or feasibility of our ports of call or on the availability of shore excursions and other service providers at such ports could adversely affect our results of operations.
our reliance on shipyards, their subcontractors and our suppliers to implement our newbuild and ship upgrade programs and to repair and maintain our ships exposes us to risks which, if realized, could adversely impact our business.
we rely on shipyards, their subcontractors and our suppliers to effectively construct our new ships and to repair, maintain and upgrade our existing ships on a timely basis and in a cost effective manner.
there are a limited number of shipyards with the capability and capacity to build our new ships and, accordingly, increased demand for available new construction slots and/or continued consolidation in the cruise shipyard industry (including completion of italian shipbuilder fincantieri's bid for stx france) could impact our ability to construct new ships when and as planned, cause us to continue to commit to new ship orders earlier than we have historically done so and/or result in stronger bargaining power on the part of the shipyards and the export credit agencies providing financing for the project.  our inability to timely and cost-effectively procure new capacity could have a significant negative impact on our future business plans and results of operations.
building, repairing, maintaining and/or upgrading a ship is sophisticated work that involves significant risks. in addition, the prices of labor and/or various commodities that are used in the construction of ships can be subject to volatile price changes, including the impact of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. shipyards, their subcontractors and/or our suppliers may encounter financial, technical or design problems when doing these jobs.  if materialized, these problems could impact the timely delivery or costs of new ships or the ability of shipyards to repair and upgrade our fleet in accordance with our needs or expectations.  in addition, delays or mechanical faults may result in cancellation of cruises or, in more severe situations, new ship orders, or necessitate unscheduled drydocks and repairs of ships. these events and any related adverse publicity could result in lost revenue, increased operating expenses, or both, and thus adversely affect our results of operations.
we may lose business to competitors throughout the vacation market.
we operate in the vacation market and cruising is one of many alternatives for people choosing a vacation. we therefore risk losing business not only to other cruise lines, but also to other vacation operators, which provide other leisure options including hotels, resorts, internet-based alternative lodging sites and package holidays and tours.
we face significant competition from other cruise lines on the basis of cruise pricing, travel agent preference and also in terms of the nature of ships and services we offer to guests. our principal competitors within the cruise vacation industry include carnival corporation & plc, which owns, among others, aida cruises, carnival cruise line, costa cruises, cunard line, holland america line, p&o cruises, princess cruises and seabourn; disney cruise line; msc cruises; and norwegian cruise line holdings ltd, which owns norwegian cruise line, oceania cruises and regent seven seas cruises. our revenues are sensitive to the actions of other cruise lines in many areas including pricing, scheduling, capacity and promotions, which can have a substantial adverse impact not only on our revenues, but on overall industry revenues.
in the event that we do not effectively market or differentiate our cruise brands from our competitors or otherwise compete effectively with other vacation alternatives and new or existing cruise companies, our results of operations and financial position could be adversely affected.
26
we may not be able to obtain sufficient financing or capital for our needs or may not be able to do so on terms that are acceptable or consistent with our expectations.
to fund our capital expenditures (including new ship orders), operations and scheduled debt payments, we have historically relied on a combination of cash flows provided by operations, drawdowns under available credit facilities, the incurrence of additional indebtedness and the sale of equity or debt securities in private or public securities markets. any circumstance or event which leads to a decrease in consumer cruise spending, such as worsening global economic conditions or significant incidents impacting the cruise industry, could negatively affect our operating cash flows. see "-adverse worldwide economic, geopolitical or other conditions..." and "-incidents or adverse publicity concerning our ships and/or passengers or the cruise vacation industry..." for more information.
although we believe we can access sufficient liquidity to fund our operations, investments and obligations as expected, there can be no assurances to that effect. our ability to access additional funding as and when needed, our ability to timely refinance and/or replace our outstanding debt securities and credit facilities on acceptable terms and our cost of funding will depend upon numerous factors including, but not limited to, the vibrancy of the financial markets, our financial performance, the performance of our industry in general and the size, scope and timing of our financial needs. in addition, even where financing commitments have been secured, significant disruptions in the capital and credit markets could cause our banking and other counterparties to breach their contractual obligations to us. this could include failures of banks or other financial service companies to fund required borrowings under our loan agreements or to pay us amounts that may become due or return collateral that is refundable under our derivative contracts for hedging of fuel prices, interest rates and foreign currencies or other agreements. if any of the foregoing occurs it may have a negative impact on our cash flows, including our ability to meet our obligations, our results of operations and our financial condition.
our liquidity could be adversely impacted if we are unable to satisfy the covenants required by our credit facilities.
our debt agreements contain covenants, including covenants restricting our ability to take certain actions and financial covenants. our ability to maintain our credit facilities may also be impacted by changes in our ownership base. more specifically, we may be required to prepay our bank financing facilities if any person acquires ownership of more than 50% of our common stock or, subject to certain exceptions, during any 24-month period, a majority of the board is no longer comprised of individuals who were members of the board on the first day of such period. our public debt securities also contain change of control provisions that would be triggered by a third-party acquisition of greater than 50% of our common stock coupled with a ratings downgrade.
our failure to comply with the terms of our debt facilities could result in an event of default. generally, if an event of default under any debt agreement occurs, then pursuant to cross default acceleration clauses, our outstanding debt and derivative contract payables could become due and/or terminated. in addition, in such events, our credit card processors could hold back payments to create a reserve. we cannot provide assurances that we would have sufficient liquidity to repay, or the ability to refinance the debt if such amounts were accelerated upon an event of default.
if we are unable to appropriately balance our cost management and capital allocation strategies with our goal of satisfying guest expectations, it may adversely impact our business success.
our goals call for us to provide high quality products and deliver high quality services. there can be no assurance that we can successfully balance these goals with our cost management and capital allocation strategies. our business also requires us to make capital allocation decisions, such as ordering new ships and/or upgrading our existing fleet, based on expected market preferences and projected demand. there can be no assurance that our strategies will be successful, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. investments in older tonnage, in particular, run the risk of not meeting expected returns and diluting related asset values.
our attempts to expand our business into new markets and new ventures may not be successful.
27
we opportunistically seek to grow our business through, among other things, expansion into new destination or source markets and establishment of new ventures complementary to our current offerings. these attempts to expand our business increase the complexity of our business, require significant levels of investment and can strain our management, personnel, operations and systems. there can be no assurance that these business expansion efforts will develop as anticipated or that we will succeed, and if we do not, we may be unable to recover our investment, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our reliance on travel agencies to sell and market our cruises exposes us to certain risks which, if realized, could adversely impact our business.
we rely on travel agencies to generate the majority of bookings for our ships. accordingly, we must ensure that our commission rates and incentive structures remain competitive. if we fail to offer competitive compensation packages, these agencies may be incentivized to sell cruises offered by our competitors to our detriment, which could adversely impact our operating results. our reliance on third-party sellers is particularly pronounced in certain markets, such as china, where we have a large number of travel agent charter and group sales and less retail agency and direct booking. in addition, the travel agent industry is sensitive to economic conditions that impact discretionary income. significant disruptions, especially disruptions impacting those agencies that sell a high volume of our business, or contractions in the industry could reduce the number of travel agencies available for us to market and sell our cruises, which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
disruptions in our shoreside or shipboard operations or our information systems may adversely affect our results of operations.
our principal executive office and principal shoreside operations are located in florida, and we have shoreside offices throughout the world. actual or threatened natural disasters (e.g., hurricanes/typhoons, earthquakes, tornadoes, fires or floods) or similar events in these locations may have a material impact on our business continuity, reputation and results of operations. in addition, substantial or repeated information systems failures, computer viruses or cyber-attacks impacting our shoreside or shipboard operations could adversely impact our business. we do not generally carry business interruption insurance for our shoreside or shipboard operations or our information systems. as such, any losses or damages incurred by us could have an adverse impact on our results of operations.
the loss of key personnel, our inability to recruit or retain qualified personnel, or disruptions among our shipboard personnel due to strained employee relations could adversely affect our results of operations.
our success depends, in large part, on the skills and contributions of key executives and other employees, and on our ability to recruit, develop and retain high quality personnel. as demand for qualified personnel in the industry grows, we must continue to effectively recruit, train, motivate and retain our employees, both shoreside and on our ships, in order to effectively compete in our industry, maintain our current business and support our projected global growth.
as of december 31, 2017, 85% of our shipboard employees were covered by collective bargaining agreements. a dispute under our collective bargaining agreements could result in a work stoppage of those employees covered by the agreements. we may not be able to satisfactorily renegotiate these collective bargaining agreements when they expire. in addition, existing collective bargaining agreements may not prevent a strike or work stoppage on our ships. we may also be subject to or affected by work stoppages unrelated to our business or collective bargaining agreements. any such work stoppages or potential work stoppages could have a material adverse effect on our financial results, as could a loss of key employees, our inability to recruit or retain qualified personnel or disruptions among our personnel.
business activities that involve our co-investment with third parties may subject us to additional risks.
partnerships, joint ventures and other business structures involving our co-investment with third parties generally include some form of shared control over the operations of the business and create additional risks, including the possibility that other investors in such ventures could become bankrupt or otherwise lack the financial resources to
28
meet their obligations, or could have or develop business interests, policies or objectives that are inconsistent with ours. with the sale of 51% of our interest in pullmantur holdings in july 2016, we continue to expand the breadth of our co-investment activities, which also include tui cruises, skysea cruises, grand bahama shipyard and minority ownership investments in various port development and other projects. in addition to financial risks, our co-investment activities may also present managerial and operational risks and expose us to reputational or legal concerns. these or other issues related to our co-investment with third parties could adversely impact our operations.
we rely on supply chain vendors and third-party service providers who are integral to the operations of our businesses. these vendors and service providers may be unable or unwilling to deliver on their commitments or may act in ways that could harm our business.
we rely on supply chain vendors to deliver key products to the operations of our businesses around the world. any event impacting a vendor's ability to deliver goods of the required quality at the location and time needed could negatively impact our ability to deliver our cruise experience. events impacting our supply chain could be caused by factors beyond the control of our suppliers or us, including inclement weather, natural disasters, increased demand, problems in production or distribution and/or disruptions in third-party logistics or transportation systems. interruptions to our supply chain could increase costs and could limit the availability of products critical to our operations.
in order to achieve cost and operational efficiencies, we outsource to third-party vendors certain services that are integral to the operations of our global businesses, such as our onboard concessionaires, certain of our call center operations and operation of a large part of our information technology systems. we are subject to the risk that certain decisions are subject to the control of our third-party service providers and that these decisions may adversely affect our activities. a failure to adequately monitor a third-party service provider's compliance with a service level agreement or regulatory or legal requirements could result in significant economic and reputational harm to us. there is also a risk the confidentiality, privacy and/or security of data held by third parties or communicated over third-party networks or platforms could become compromised.
a failure to keep pace with developments in technology or technological obsolescence could impair our operations or competitive position.
our business continues to demand the use of sophisticated technology and systems. these technologies and systems require significant investment and must be proven, refined, updated, and/or replaced with more advanced systems in order to continue to meet our customers' demands and expectations. if we are unable to do so in a timely manner or within reasonable cost parameters or if we are unable to appropriately and timely train our employees to operate any of these new systems, our business could suffer. we also may not achieve the benefits that we anticipate from any new technology or system, and a failure to do so could result in higher than anticipated costs or could impair our operating results.
we may be exposed to the threat of cyber attacks and/or data breaches, including the risks and costs associated with protecting our key operating systems and maintaining integrity and security of our business information, as well as personal data of our guests, employees and business partners.
cyber attacks can vary in scope and intent from economically driven attacks to malicious attacks targeting our key operating systems with the intent to disrupt, disable or otherwise cripple our maritime and /or shoreside operations. this can include any combination of phishing attacks, malware and/or viruses targeted at our key systems. the breadth and scope of this threat has grown over time, and the techniques and sophistication used to conduct cyber attacks, as well as the sources and targets of the attacks, change frequently. while we invest time, effort and capital resources to secure our key systems and networks, our security measures cannot provide absolute assurance that we will be successful in preventing or responding to all such attacks.
a successful cyber attack may target us directly, or may be the result of a third party vendor's inadequate care. in either scenario, the company may suffer damage to its key systems and/or data that could interrupt our operations, adversely impact our reputation and brand and expose us to increased risks of governmental investigation, litigation
29
and other liability, any of which could adversely affect our business. furthermore, responding to such an attack and mitigating the risk of future attacks could result in additional operating and capital costs in systems technology, personnel, monitoring and other investments.
in addition to malicious cyber attacks, we are also subject to various risks associated with the collection, handling, storage and transmission of sensitive information. in the course of doing business, we collect large volumes of internal, customer and other third-party data, including personally identifiable information and individual credit data, for various business purposes. we are subject to federal, state and international laws (including the european union general data protection regulation which will take effect in may 2018), as well as industry standards, relating to the collection, use, retention, security and transfer of personally identifiable information and individual credit data. in many cases, these laws apply not only to third-party transactions, but also to transfers of information between the company and its subsidiaries, and among the company, its subsidiaries and other parties with which the company has commercial relations. several jurisdictions have passed laws in this area, and other jurisdictions are considering imposing additional restrictions. these laws continue to develop and may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. complying with emerging and changing international requirements has caused, and may cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices. if we fail to comply with the various applicable data collection and privacy laws, we could be exposed to fines, penalties, restrictions, litigation or other expenses, and our business could be adversely impacted.
even if we are fully compliant with legal and/or industry standards and any relevant contractual requirements, we still may not be able to prevent security breaches involving sensitive data and/or critical systems. any breach, theft, loss, or fraudulent use of guest, employee, third-party or company data, could adversely impact our reputation and brand and our ability to retain or attract new customers, and expose us to risks of data loss, business disruption, governmental investigation, litigation and other liability, any of which could adversely affect our business. significant capital investments and other expenditures could be required to remedy the problem and prevent future breaches, including costs associated with additional security technologies, personnel, experts and credit monitoring services for those whose data has been breached. further, if we or our vendors experience significant data security breaches or fail to detect and appropriately respond to significant data security breaches, we could be exposed to government enforcement actions and private litigation.
the potential unavailability of insurance coverage or an inability to obtain insurance coverage at commercially reasonable rates may adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations.
we seek to maintain appropriate insurance coverage at commercially reasonable rates. we normally insure based on the cost of an asset rather than replacement value and we also elect to self-insure, co-insure, or use deductibles in certain circumstances for certain risks such as loss of use of a ship or a cyber-security breach. the limits of insurance coverage we purchase are based on the availability of the coverage, evaluation of our risk profile and cost of coverage. accordingly, we are not protected against all risks which could result in an unexpected decrease in our revenue and results of operations in the event of an incident.
we are members of three protection and indemnity ("p&i") clubs, which are part of a worldwide group of 13 p&i clubs, known as the international group of p&i clubs (the "ig"). p&i coverage provided by the clubs is on a mutual basis and we are subject to additional premium calls in the event of a catastrophic loss incurred by any member of the 13 p&i clubs, whereby the reinsurance limits purchased by the ig are exhausted. we are also subject to additional premium calls based on investment and underwriting shortfalls experienced by our own individual insurers.
we cannot be certain that insurance and reinsurance coverage will be available to us and at commercially reasonable rates in the future. additionally, if we or other insureds sustain significant losses, the result may be higher insurance premiums, cancellation of coverage, or the inability to obtain coverage. such events could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations.
environmental, labor, health and safety, financial responsibility and other maritime regulations could affect operations and increase operating costs.
30
the united states and various state and foreign government or regulatory agencies have enacted or may enact environmental regulations or policies, such as requiring the use of low sulfur fuels, that could increase our direct cost to operate in certain markets, increase our cost for fuel, limit the supply of compliant fuel, cause us to incur significant expenses to purchase and/or develop new equipment and adversely impact the cruise vacation industry. while we have taken and expect to continue to take a number of actions to mitigate the potential impact of certain of these regulations, there can be no assurances that these efforts will be successful or completed on a timely basis.
there is increasing global regulatory focus on climate change and greenhouse gas (ghg) emissions. these regulatory efforts, both internationally and in the united states are still developing, and we cannot yet determine what the final regulatory programs or their impact will be in any jurisdiction where we do business. however, such climate change-related regulatory activity in the future may adversely affect our business and financial results by requiring us to reduce our emissions, purchase allowances or otherwise pay for our emissions. such activity may also impact us by increasing our operating costs, including fuel costs.
some environmental groups have also lobbied for more stringent regulation of cruise ships and have generated negative publicity about the cruise vacation industry and its environmental impact. see item 1. business-regulation-environmental regulations.
in addition, we are subject to various international, national, state and local laws, regulations and treaties that govern, among other things, discharge from our ships, safety standards applicable to our ships, treatment of disabled persons, health and sanitary standards applicable to our guests, security standards on board our ships and at the ship/port interface areas, and financial responsibilities to our guests. these issues are, and we believe will continue to be, an area of focus by the relevant authorities throughout the world. this could result in the enactment of more stringent regulation of cruise ships that could subject us to increasing compliance costs in the future.
a change in our tax status under the united states internal revenue code, or other jurisdictions, may have adverse effects on our income.
we and a number of our subsidiaries are foreign corporations that derive income from a u.s. trade or business and/or from sources within the united states. drinker biddle & reath llp, our u.s. tax counsel, has delivered to us an opinion, based on certain representations and assumptions set forth in it, to the effect that this income, to the extent derived from or incidental to the international operation of a ship or ships, is excluded from gross income for u.s. federal income tax purposes pursuant to section 883 of the internal revenue code. we believe that most of our income (including that of our subsidiaries) is derived from or incidental to the international operation of a ship or ships.
our ability to rely on section 883 could be challenged or could change in the future. provisions of the internal revenue code, including section 883, are subject to legislative change at any time. moreover, changes could occur in the future with respect to the identity, residence or holdings of our direct or indirect shareholders, trading volume or trading frequency of our shares, or relevant foreign tax laws of liberia such that it no longer qualifies as an equivalent exemption jurisdiction, that could affect our eligibility for the section 883 exemption. accordingly, there can be no assurance that we will continue to be exempt from u.s. income tax on u.s. source shipping income in the future. if we were not entitled to the benefit of section 883, we and our subsidiaries would be subject to u.s. taxation on a portion of the income derived from or incidental to the international operation of our ships, which would reduce our net income.
additionally, portions of our business are operated by companies that are within the united kingdom tonnage tax regime. further, some of our operations are conducted in jurisdictions where we rely on tax treaties to provide exemption from taxation. to the extent the united kingdom tonnage tax laws change or we do not continue to meet the applicable qualification requirements or if tax treaties are changed or revoked, we may be required to pay higher income tax in these jurisdictions, adversely impacting our results of operations.
31
as budgetary constraints continue to adversely impact the jurisdictions in which we operate, increases in income tax regulations, tax audits or tax reform affecting our operations may be imposed.
litigation, enforcement actions, fines or penalties could adversely impact our financial condition or results of operations and/or damage our reputation.
our business is subject to various united states and international laws and regulations that could lead to enforcement actions, fines, civil or criminal penalties or the assertion of litigation claims and damages. in addition, improper conduct by our employees, agents or joint venture partners could damage our reputation and/or lead to litigation or legal proceedings that could result in civil or criminal penalties, including substantial monetary fines. in certain circumstances it may not be economical to defend against such matters and/or a legal strategy may not ultimately result in us prevailing in a matter. such events could lead to an adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations.
we are not a united states corporation and our shareholders may be subject to the uncertainties of a foreign legal system in protecting their interests.
our corporate affairs are governed by our articles of incorporation and by-laws and by the business corporation act of liberia. the provisions of the business corporation act of liberia resemble provisions of the corporation laws of a number of states in the united states. however, while most states have a fairly well developed body of case law interpreting their respective corporate statutes, there are very few judicial cases in liberia interpreting the business corporation act of liberia. as such, the rights and fiduciary responsibilities of directors under liberian law are not as clearly established as the rights and fiduciary responsibilities of directors under statutes or judicial precedent in certain united states jurisdictions. for example, the right of shareholders to bring a derivative action in liberian courts may be more limited than in united states jurisdictions. there may also be practical difficulties for shareholders attempting to bring suit in liberia and liberian courts may or may not recognize and enforce foreign judgments. thus, our public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests with respect to actions by management, directors or controlling shareholders than would shareholders of a corporation incorporated in a united states jurisdiction.
provisions of our articles of incorporation, by-laws and liberian law could inhibit others from acquiring us, prevent a change of control, and may prevent efforts by our shareholders to change our management.
certain provisions of our articles of incorporation and by-laws and liberian law may inhibit third parties from effectuating a change of control of the company without board approval which could result in the entrenchment of current management. these include provisions in our articles of incorporation that prevent third parties, other than a. wilhelmsen as. and cruise associates, from acquiring beneficial ownership of more than 4.9% of our outstanding shares without the consent of our board of directors.
32
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations cautionary note concerning forward-looking statements the discussion under this caption "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" and elsewhere in this document, including, for example, under the "risk factors" and "business" captions, includes "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. all statements other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding guidance (including our expectations for the first quarter and full year of 2018 and our earnings and yield estimates for 2018 set forth under the heading "outlook" below), business and industry prospects or future results of operations or financial position, made in this annual report on form 10-k are forward-looking. words such as "anticipate," "believe," "could," "estimate," "expect," "goal," "intend," "may," "plan," "project," "seek," "should," "will," "driving" and similar expressions are intended to further identify any of these forward-looking statements. forward-looking statements reflect management's current expectations but they are based on judgments and are inherently uncertain. furthermore, they are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from the future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied in those forward-looking statements. examples of these risks, uncertainties and other factors include, but are not limited to, those discussed in this annual report on form 10-k and, in particular, the risks discussed under the caption "risk factors" in part i, item 1a of this report.
all forward-looking statements made in this annual report on form 10-k speak only as of the date of this document. given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
overview the discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations have been organized to present the following:
•   a review of our critical accounting policies and of our financial presentation, including discussion of certain operational and financial metrics we utilize to assist us in managing our business;
•   a discussion of our results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 and the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015;
•   a discussion of our business outlook, including our expectations for selected financial items for the first quarter and full year of 2018; and
•   a discussion of our liquidity and capital resources, including our future capital and contractual commitments and potential funding sources.
critical accounting policies our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("gaap"). (refer to note 1. general and note 2. summary of significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data). certain of our accounting policies are deemed "critical," as they require management's highest degree of judgment, estimates and assumptions. we have discussed these accounting policies and estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors. we believe our most critical accounting policies are as follows:
ship accounting our ships represent our most significant assets and are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. depreciation of ships is generally computed net of a 15% projected residual value using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the asset, which is generally 30 years. the 30-year useful life of our newly constructed ships and 15% associated residual value are both based on the weighted-average of all major components
38
of a ship. our useful life and residual value estimates take into consideration the impact of anticipated technological changes, long-term cruise and vacation market conditions and historical useful lives of similarly-built ships. in addition, we take into consideration our estimates of the weighted-average useful lives of the ships' major component systems, such as hull, superstructure, main electric, engines and cabins. given the very large and complex nature of our ships, our accounting estimates related to ships and determinations of ship improvement costs to be capitalized require considerable judgment and are inherently uncertain. we do not have cost segregation studies performed to specifically componentize our ship systems. therefore, we estimate the costs of component systems based principally on general and technical information known about major ship component systems and their lives and our knowledge of the cruise vacation industry. we do not identify and track depreciation by ship component systems, but instead utilize these estimates to determine the net cost basis of assets replaced or refurbished. improvement costs that we believe add value to our ships are capitalized as additions to the ship and depreciated over the shorter of the improvements' estimated useful lives or that of the associated ship. the estimated cost and accumulated depreciation of replaced or refurbished ship components are written off and any resulting losses are recognized in cruise operating expenses.
we use the deferral method to account for drydocking costs. under the deferral method, drydocking costs incurred are deferred and charged to expense on a straight-line basis over the period to the next scheduled drydock, which we estimate to be a period of thirty to sixty months based on the vessel's age as required by class. deferred drydock costs consist of the costs to drydock the vessel and other costs incurred in connection with the drydock which are necessary to maintain the vessel's class certification. class certification is necessary in order for our cruise ships to be flagged in a specific country, obtain liability insurance and legally operate as passenger cruise ships. the activities associated with those drydocking costs cannot be performed while the vessel is in service and, as such, are done during a drydock as a planned major maintenance activity. the significant deferred drydock costs consist of hauling and wharfage services provided by the drydock facility, hull inspection and related activities (e.g., scraping, pressure cleaning, bottom painting), maintenance to steering propulsion, thruster equipment and ballast tanks, port services such as tugs, pilotage and line handling, and freight associated with these items. we perform a detailed analysis of the various activities performed for each drydock and only defer those costs that are directly related to planned major maintenance activities necessary to maintain class. the costs deferred are related to activities not otherwise routinely periodically performed to maintain a vessel's designed and intended operating capability. repairs and maintenance activities are charged to expense as incurred.
we use judgment when estimating the period between drydocks, which can result in adjustments to the estimated amortization of drydock costs. if the vessel is disposed of before the next drydock, the remaining balance in deferred drydock is written-off to the gain or loss upon disposal of vessel in the period in which the sale takes place. we also use judgment when identifying costs incurred during a drydock which are necessary to maintain the vessel's class certification as compared to those costs attributable to repairs and maintenance which are expensed as incurred.
we believe we have made reasonable estimates for ship accounting purposes. however, should certain factors or circumstances cause us to revise our estimates of ship useful lives or projected residual values, depreciation expense could be materially higher or lower. if circumstances cause us to change our assumptions in making determinations as to whether ship improvements should be capitalized, the amounts we expense each year as repairs and maintenance costs could increase, partially offset by a decrease in depreciation expense. if we had reduced our estimated average ship useful life by one year, depreciation expense for 2017 would have increased by approximately $51.5 million. if our ships were estimated to have no residual value, depreciation expense for 2017 would have increased by approximately $215.5 million.
valuation of goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets and long-lived assets we review goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at the reporting unit level annually or, when events or circumstances dictate, more frequently. the impairment review for goodwill consists of a qualitative assessment of whether it is more-likely-than-not that a reporting unit's fair value is less than its carrying amount, and if necessary, a two-step goodwill impairment test. factors to consider when performing the qualitative assessment include general economic conditions, limitations on accessing capital, changes in forecasted operating results, changes in fuel prices and fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. if the qualitative assessment demonstrates that it is more-likely-than-not that the estimated fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, it is not necessary to perform the two-step goodwill impairment test. we may elect to bypass the qualitative assessment and proceed directly to step
39
one, for any reporting unit, in any period. on a periodic basis, we elect to bypass the qualitative assessment and proceed to step one to corroborate the results of recent years' qualitative assessments. we can resume the qualitative assessment for any reporting unit in any subsequent period.
when performing the two-step goodwill impairment test, the fair value of the reporting unit is determined and compared to the carrying value of the net assets allocated to the reporting unit. we estimate the fair value of our reporting units using a probability-weighted discounted cash flow model. the estimation of fair value utilizing discounted expected future cash flows includes numerous uncertainties which require our significant judgment when making assumptions of expected revenues, operating costs, marketing, selling and administrative expenses, interest rates, ship additions and retirements as well as assumptions regarding the cruise vacation industry's competitive environment and general economic and business conditions, among other factors. the principal assumptions we use in the discounted cash flow model are projected operating results, weighted-average cost of capital, and terminal value. the discounted cash flow model uses the most current projected operating results for the upcoming fiscal year as a base. to that base, we add future years' cash flows assuming multiple revenue and expense scenarios that reflect the impact of different global economic environments beyond the base year on the reporting unit. we discount the projected cash flows using rates specific to the reporting unit based on its weighted-average cost of capital. if the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, no further analysis or write-down of goodwill is required. if the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying value of its net assets, the implied fair value of the reporting unit is allocated to all its underlying assets and liabilities, including both recognized and unrecognized tangible and intangible assets, based on their fair value. if necessary, goodwill is then written down to its implied fair value.
the impairment review for indefinite-life intangible assets consists of a comparison of the fair value of the asset with its carrying amount. we estimate the fair value of these assets using a discounted cash flow model and various valuation methods depending on the nature of the intangible asset, such as the relief-from-royalty method for trademarks and tradenames. if the carrying amount exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. if the fair value exceeds its carrying amount, the indefinite-life intangible asset is not considered impaired. as of december 31, 2017, the carrying amount of indefinite-life intangible assets was not material. other intangible assets assigned finite useful lives are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives.
we review our ships and other long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate, based on estimated undiscounted future cash flows, that the carrying amount of these assets may not be fully recoverable. we evaluate asset impairment at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. the lowest level for which we maintain identifiable cash flows that are independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities is at the ship level for our ships and, prior to the sale of the aircraft, at the aggregated asset group level for our aircraft. if estimated future cash flows are less than the carrying value of an asset, an impairment charge is recognized to the extent its carrying value exceeds fair value.
we estimate fair value based on quoted market prices in active markets, if available. if active markets are not available we base fair value on independent appraisals, sales price negotiations and projected future cash flows discounted at a rate estimated by management to be commensurate with the business risk. quoted market prices are often not available for individual reporting units and for indefinite-life intangible assets. accordingly, we estimate the fair value of a reporting unit and an indefinite-life intangible asset using an expected present value technique.
royal caribbean international during the fourth quarter of 2017, we performed a qualitative assessment of the royal caribbean international reporting unit. based on our qualitative assessment, we concluded that it was more-likely-than-not that the estimated fair value of the royal caribbean international reporting unit exceeded its carrying value and thus, we did not proceed to the two-step goodwill impairment test. no indicators of impairment exist primarily because the reporting unit's fair value has consistently exceeded its carrying value by a significant margin and forecasts of operating results generated by the reporting unit appear sufficient to support its carrying value. as of december 31, 2017, the carrying amount of goodwill attributable to our royal caribbean reporting unit was $286.9 million.
40
2015 impairment of pullmantur related assets during the third quarter of 2015, we performed an interim impairment evaluation of pullmantur's goodwill and trademarks and trade names in connection with the preparation of our financial statements. as a result of this analysis, we determined that the carrying value of the pullmantur reporting unit exceeded its fair value. similarly, we determined that the carrying value of pullmantur's trademarks and trade names exceeded their fair value. accordingly, upon the completion of the relevant impairment tests discussed above, we recognized impairment charges of $123.8 million and $174.3 million for goodwill and trademark and trade names, respectively, during the quarter ended september 30, 2015. these charges reflected the full carrying amounts of the goodwill and trademark and trade names leaving pullmantur with no intangible assets on its books.
in conjunction with performing the two-step goodwill impairment test for the pullmantur reporting unit, we identified that the estimated fair value of certain long-lived assets, consisting of two ships and three aircraft, was less than their carrying values. as a result of this determination, we evaluated these assets pursuant to our long-lived asset impairment test, resulting in an impairment charge of $113.2 million to write down these assets to their estimated fair values during the quarter ended september 30, 2015.
derivative instruments we enter into various forward, swap and option contracts to manage our interest rate exposure and to limit our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and fuel prices. these instruments are recorded on the balance sheet at their fair value and the vast majority are designated as hedges. we also use non-derivative financial instruments designated as hedges of our net investment in our foreign operations and investments. although certain of our derivative financial instruments do not qualify or are not accounted for under hedge accounting, we do not hold or issue derivative financial instruments for trading or other speculative purposes. we account for derivative financial instruments in accordance with authoritative guidance. refer to note 2. summary of significant accounting policies and note 14. fair value measurements and derivative instruments to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for more information on related authoritative guidance, the company's hedging programs and derivative financial instruments.
we enter into foreign currency forward contracts and collars, interest rate, cross-currency and fuel swaps and options with third-party institutions in over-the-counter markets. we estimate the fair value of our foreign currency forward contracts and interest rate and cross-currency swaps using expected future cash flows based on the instruments' contract terms and published forward prices for foreign currency exchange and interest rates. we apply present value techniques and libor or euribor-based discount rates to convert the expected future cash flows to the current fair value of the instruments.
we estimate the fair value of our foreign currency collars using standard option pricing models with inputs based on the options' contract terms, such as exercise price and maturity, and readily available public market data, such as foreign exchange prices, foreign exchange volatility levels and discount rates.
we estimate the fair value of our fuel swaps using expected future cash flows based on the swaps' contract terms and forward prices. we derive forward prices from forward fuel curves based on pricing inputs provided by third-party institutions that transact in the fuel indices we hedge. we validate these pricing inputs against actual market transactions and published price quotes for similar assets. we apply present value techniques and libor-based discount rates to convert the expected future cash flows to the current fair value of the instruments. we also corroborate our fair value estimates using valuations provided by our counterparties.
we adjust the valuation of our derivative financial instruments to incorporate credit risk.
we believe it is unlikely that materially different estimates for the fair value of our foreign currency forward contracts and interest rate, cross-currency and fuel swaps and options would be derived from other appropriate valuation models using similar assumptions, inputs or conditions suggested by actual historical experience.
contingencies-litigation on an ongoing basis, we assess the potential liabilities related to any lawsuits or claims brought against us. while it is typically very difficult to determine the timing and ultimate outcome of such actions, we use our best judgment
41
to determine if it is probable that we will incur an expense related to the settlement or final adjudication of such matters and whether a reasonable estimation of such probable loss, if any, can be made. in assessing probable losses, we take into consideration estimates of the amount of insurance recoveries, if any, which are recorded as assets when recoverability is probable. we accrue a liability when we believe a loss is probable and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. due to the inherent uncertainties related to the eventual outcome of litigation and potential insurance recoveries, it is possible that certain matters may be resolved for amounts materially different from any provisions or disclosures that we have previously made.
seasonality our revenues are seasonal based on demand for cruises. demand is strongest for cruises during the northern hemisphere's summer months and holidays. in order to mitigate the impact of the winter weather in the northern hemisphere and to capitalize on the summer season in the southern hemisphere, our brands have focused on deployment to the caribbean, asia and australia during that period.
financial presentation description of certain line items revenues our revenues are comprised of the following:
•   passenger ticket revenues, which consist of revenue recognized from the sale of passenger tickets and the sale of air transportation to and from our ships; and
•   onboard and other revenues, which consist primarily of revenues from the sale of goods and/or services onboard our ships not included in passenger ticket prices, cancellation fees, sales of vacation protection insurance and pre- and post-cruise tours. onboard and other revenues also includes revenues we receive from independent third-party concessionaires that pay us a percentage of their revenues in exchange for the right to provide selected goods and/or services onboard our ships, as well as revenues received for our bareboat charter, procurement and management related services we perform on behalf of our unconsolidated affiliates.
cruise operating expenses our cruise operating expenses are comprised of the following:
•   commissions, transportation and other expenses, which consist of those costs directly associated with passenger ticket revenues, including travel agent commissions, air and other transportation expenses, port costs that vary with passenger head counts and related credit card fees;
•   onboard and other expenses, which consist of the direct costs associated with onboard and other revenues, including the costs of products sold onboard our ships, vacation protection insurance premiums, costs associated with pre- and post-cruise tours and related credit card fees as well as the minimal costs associated with concession revenues, as the costs are mostly incurred by third-party concessionaires and costs incurred for the procurement and management related services we perform on behalf of our unconsolidated affiliates;
•   payroll and related expenses, which consist of costs for shipboard personnel (costs associated with our shoreside personnel are included in marketing, selling and administrative expenses);
•   food expenses, which include food costs for both guests and crew;
•   fuel expenses, which include fuel and related delivery, storage and emission consumable costs and the financial impact of fuel swap agreements; and
42
•   other operating expenses, which consist primarily of operating costs such as repairs and maintenance, port costs that do not vary with passenger head counts, vessel related insurance, entertainment and gains and/or losses related to the sale of our ships, if any.
we do not allocate payroll and related expenses, food expenses, fuel expenses or other operating expenses to the expense categories attributable to passenger ticket revenues or onboard and other revenues since they are incurred to provide the total cruise vacation experience.
selected operational and financial metrics we utilize a variety of operational and financial metrics which are defined below to evaluate our performance and financial condition. as discussed in more detail herein, certain of these metrics are non-gaap financial measures. these non-gaap financial measures are provided along with the related gaap financial measures as we believe they provide useful information to investors as a supplement to our consolidated financial statements, which are prepared and presented in accordance with gaap. the presentation of non-gaap financial information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with gaap.
adjusted earnings per share ("adjusted eps") represents adjusted net income divided by weighted average shares outstanding or by diluted weighted average shares outstanding, as applicable. we believe that this non-gaap measure is meaningful when assessing our performance on a comparative basis.
adjusted net income represents net income excluding certain items that we believe adjusting for is meaningful when assessing our performance on a comparative basis. for the periods presented, these items included the impairment of the pullmantur related assets, the net loss related to the elimination of the pullmantur reporting lag, the net gain related to the 51% sale of the pullmantur and cdf croisières de france ("cdf") brands, restructuring charges and other initiative costs related to our pullmantur right-sizing strategy and other restructuring initiatives.
available passenger cruise days ("apcd") is our measurement of capacity and represents double occupancy per cabin multiplied by the number of cruise days for the period, which excludes canceled cruise days and drydock days. we use this measure to perform capacity and rate analysis to identify our main non-capacity drivers that cause our cruise revenue and expenses to vary.
double-double program refers to the multi-year adjusted eps and return on invested capital ("roic") goals we publicly announced in 2014 and sought to achieve by the end of 2017. we designed this program to help us better execute and achieve our business goals by clearly articulating longer-term financial objectives. under the double-double program, we targeted adjusted eps of $6.78 by the end of 2017, which was double our 2014 adjusted eps of $3.39. we also targeted roic of 10% by the end of 2017 as compared to roic of 5.9% in 2014.
gross cruise costs represent the sum of total cruise operating expenses plus marketing, selling and administrative expenses.
gross yields represent total revenues per apcd.
net cruise costs and net cruise costs excluding fuel represent gross cruise costs excluding commissions, transportation and other expenses and onboard and other expenses and, in the case of net cruise costs excluding fuel, fuel expenses (each of which is described above under the description of certain line items heading). in measuring our ability to control costs in a manner that positively impacts net income, we believe changes in net cruise costs and net cruise costs excluding fuel to be the most relevant indicators of our performance. a reconciliation of historical gross cruise costs to net cruise costs and net cruise costs excluding fuel is provided below under results of operations. for the periods presented, net cruise costs excludes the net gain related to the 51% sale of the pullmantur and cdf brands, restructuring charges and other initiative costs related to our pullmantur right-sizing strategy and other restructuring initiatives.
net revenues represent total revenues less commissions, transportation and other expenses and onboard and other expenses (each of which is described above under the description of certain line items heading).
43
net yields represent net revenues per apcd. we utilize net revenues and net yields to manage our business on a day-to-day basis as we believe that they are the most relevant measures of our pricing performance because they reflect the cruise revenues earned by us net of our most significant variable costs, which are commissions, transportation and other expenses and onboard and other expenses. a reconciliation of historical gross yields to net yields is provided below under results of operations. for the periods presented, net yields excludes initiative costs related to the sale of the pullmantur and cdf brands.
occupancy, in accordance with cruise vacation industry practice, is calculated by dividing passenger cruise days by apcd. a percentage in excess of 100% indicates that three or more passengers occupied some cabins.
passenger cruise days represent the number of passengers carried for the period multiplied by the number of days of their respective cruises.
we believe net yields, net cruise costs and net cruise costs excluding fuel are our most relevant non-gaap financial measures. however, a significant portion of our revenue and expenses are denominated in currencies other than the united states dollar. because our reporting currency is the united states dollar, the value of these revenues and expenses can be affected by changes in currency exchange rates. although such changes in local currency prices are just one of many elements impacting our revenues and expenses, they can be an important element. for this reason, we also monitor net yields, net cruise costs and net cruise costs excluding fuel as if the current periods' currency exchange rates had remained constant with the comparable prior periods' rates, or on a "constant currency" basis.
it should be emphasized that constant currency is primarily used for comparing short-term changes and/or projections. changes in guest sourcing and shifting the amount of purchases between currencies can change the impact of the purely currency-based fluctuations.
the use of certain significant non-gaap measures, such as net yields, net cruise costs and net cruise costs excluding fuel, allows us to perform capacity and rate analysis to separate the impact of known capacity changes from other less predictable changes which affect our business. we believe these non-gaap measures provide expanded insight to measure revenue and cost performance in addition to the gaap based financial measures. there are no specific rules or regulations for determining non-gaap and constant currency measures, and as such, there exists the possibility that they may not be comparable to other companies within the industry. we have not provided a quantitative reconciliation of (i) projected total revenues to projected net revenues, (ii) projected gross yields to projected net yields, (iii) projected gross cruise costs to projected net cruise costs and projected net cruise costs excluding fuel and (iv) projected net income and earnings per share to projected adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share because preparation of meaningful gaap projections of total revenues, gross yields, gross cruise costs, net income and earnings per share would require unreasonable effort. due to significant uncertainty, we are unable to predict, without unreasonable effort, the future movement of foreign exchange rates, fuel prices and interest rates inclusive of our related hedging programs. in addition, we are unable to determine the future impact of restructuring expenses or other non-core business related gains and losses which may result from strategic initiatives. these items are uncertain and could be material to our results of operations in accordance with gaap. due to this uncertainty, we do not believe that reconciling information for such projected figures would be meaningful.
44
executive overview our 2017 net income was $1.6 billion, or $7.53 per diluted share, compared to $1.3 billion, or $5.93 per diluted share, in 2016. adjusted net income for 2017 was $1.6 billion, or $7.53 per diluted share, compared to $1.3 billion, or $6.08 per diluted share, in 2016. adjusted eps for 2017 represents the fourth straight year we achieved a record amount, growing approximately 24% compared to 2016.
the year 2017 marked the final year of our double-double program ("double-double"), which was comprised of two multi-year financial targets, including doubling our 2014 adjusted eps to $6.78 and achieving double-digit roic by the end of 2017. the double-double program was successful in galvanizing our large workforce and drove a real step change in performance. our long-term commitment to grow revenue yields, manage costs and maintain steady capacity growth guided us towards the achievement of the double-double. we finished 2017 with adjusted eps of $7.53 and roic in excess of 10%, exceeding our double-double targets. during the double-double period, we have experienced annual adjusted eps growth of approximately 24%, 26% and 42% and annual roic growth of approximately 18%, 17% and 29%, in each of 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
additionally, net yields on a constant-currency basis increased for the eighth consecutive year. for the year ended december 31, 2017, our net yields on a constant-currency basis increased by 6.4%, primarily driven by increases in both ticket and onboard yields and by a benefit from the deconsolidation of the pullmantur brand. strong demand for europe and north america products combined with strong onboard trends are responsible for the growth. partly offsetting these successes was the impact of the 2017 hurricane season and china's south korea travel restrictions.
net onboard revenue yield in 2017 grew by 6.8% year-over-year on a constant currency basis. growth came from a variety of areas, including beverage package sales, specialty restaurants, shore excursions, and our high speed onboard internet products.
we remain dedicated to finding efficiencies, identifying synergies and reducing costs, while at the same time, focusing on strategic investments in areas that will boost revenue. in 2017, our net cruise costs excluding fuel increased by 2.0% on a constant currency basis compared to 2016.
the company remains focused on improving returns for our shareholders. in 2017, we bought back $225 million shares of common stock under our $500 million share repurchase program that was announced in april 2017. we also announced a 25% increase to our common stock dividend, our fifth consecutive year with a dividend increase. in addition, during 2017, both moody's and s&p upgraded our senior unsecured debt rating to investment grade.
in 2018, all three of our global brands will each welcome a ship in the same year - a first in our history. royal caribbean international will welcome newbuild symphony of the seas in april; azamara club cruises will welcome azamara pursuit in august; and celebrity cruises will welcome its newbuild celebrity edge in november. in 2018, we expect our capacity in the caribbean will increase as symphony of the seas and celebrity edge join the caribbean in the winter, celebrity infinity returns to the caribbean and we upsize jewel of the seas to freedom of the seas and enchantment of the seas to mariner of the seas. as a result of mariner of the seas repositioning from asia/pacific to north america to make way for spectrum of the seas' arrival in early 2019, we expect our asia/pacific capacity will decrease year over year and will account for 17% of our total capacity in 2018. we expect europe will represent 17% of our capacity in 2018 with growth driven by the symphony of the seas' inaugural western mediterranean season replacing freedom of the seas and the addition of azamara pursuit.
in november 2017, we announced the order of celebrity flora, the brand's first ship designed specifically for the galapagos islands, which we expect will sail beginning in 2019. in addition to investing in new hardware and our existing hardware through our fleet modernization programs, royal amplified and celebrity revolution, we continue to opportunistically evaluate selling or transferring older ships to further optimize our fleet. since 2014, we have sold four ships - the sale of celebrity century to a subsidiary of skysea holdings, the sale of ocean dream to an unrelated third-party, the sale of splendour of the seas to tui cruises, and sale of legend of the seas to an affiliate of tui ag, our joint venture partner in tui cruises.
45
after announcing our achievement of double-double, we thanked employees for their contribution with individual salary bonuses of five percent. employees received equity-based awards equal to five percent of their 2017 salaries in an $80 million program called the "thank you, thank you bonus."  the awards, which vest over three years, went to all employees - shipboard and shoreside, full-time and part-time, domestic and overseas. corporate officers, however, were excluded. in addition to the five percent equity-based awards, we will contribute to the crew welfare fund for upgrades to crew living and recreational areas.
results of operations in addition to the items discussed above under "executive overview," significant items for 2017 include:
•   both our net income and adjusted net income for the year ended december 31, 2017 was $1.6 billion, or $7.53 per share on a diluted basis, respectively, as compared to both net income and adjusted net income of $1.3 billion, or $5.93 and $6.08 per share on a diluted basis, respectively, for the year ended december 31, 2016.
•   the estimated negative impact resulting from the third quarter 2017 hurricane-related disruptions was approximately $0.26 per share on a diluted basis to our net income and adjusted net income for the year ended december 31, 2017.
•   total revenues increased by $281.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 primarily due to an increase in ticket prices and onboard spending on a per passenger basis, which are further discussed below.
•   total cruise operating expenses decreased by $119.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016, primarily due to the decrease in capacity, which is further discussed below.
other items for 2017 include:
•   in may 2017, tui cruises, our 50% joint venture, took delivery of mein schiff 6.
•   during the second quarter of 2017, we entered into agreements with meyer turku to build two icon-class ships. in october 2017, we entered into credit agreements for the unsecured financing of these ships for up to 80% of each ship's contract price. refer to note 15. commitments and contingencies to our consolidated financial statements for further information.
•   during the third quarter of 2017, we entered into an agreement to purchase a ship for our azamara club cruises brand. the sale is expected to be completed with the delivery of the ship scheduled for march 2018, and the ship is expected to enter service during the third quarter of 2018.
•   during the fourth quarter of 2017, we entered into a credit agreement for the unsecured financing of a ship we have on order designed for the galapagos islands for our celebrity cruises brand. refer to note 7. long-term debt to our consolidated financial statements for further information.
46
we reported net income, adjusted net income, earnings per share and adjusted earnings per share as shown in the following table (in thousands, except per share data):
year ended december 31,
2017                                                                                                      2016                      2015
net income                                                                              $1,625,133                $1,283,388                $665,783
adjusted net income                                                                      1,625,133                 1,314,689               1,065,066
net adjustments to net income - increase                                                        $-                   $31,301                $399,283
adjustments to net income:
impairment of pullmantur related assets (1)                                                     $-                        $-                $399,283
net loss related to the elimination of the pullmantur reporting lag                              -                    21,656                       -
net gain related to the sale of the pullmantur and cdf croisières de france brands               -                    (3,834    )                  -
restructuring charges                                                                            -                     8,452                       -
other initiative costs                                                                           -                     5,027                       -
net adjustments to net income - increase                                                        $-                   $31,301                $399,283
basic:
earnings per share                                                                           $7.57                     $5.96                   $3.03
adjusted earnings per share                                                                  $7.57                     $6.10                   $4.85
diluted:
earnings per share                                                                           $7.53                     $5.93                   $3.02
adjusted earnings per share                                                                  $7.53                     $6.08                   $4.83
weighted-average shares outstanding:
basic                                                                                      214,617                   215,393                 219,537
diluted                                                                                    215,694                   216,316                 220,689
___________________________________________________________________
(1)    includes a net deferred income tax benefit of $12.0 million related to the pullmantur impairment.
47
the following table presents operating results as a percentage of total revenues for the last three years:
year ended december 31,
2017                                                                    2016             2015
passenger ticket revenues                         71.9   %         72.4    %        73.0    %
onboard and other revenues                        28.1   %         27.6    %        27.0    %
total revenues                                   100.0   %        100.0    %       100.0    %
cruise operating expenses:
commissions, transportation and other             15.5   %         15.9    %        16.9    %
onboard and other                                  5.6   %          5.8    %         6.7    %
payroll and related                                9.7   %         10.4    %        10.4    %
food                                               5.6   %          5.7    %         5.8    %
fuel                                               7.8   %          8.4    %         9.6    %
other operating                                   11.5   %         12.8    %        12.1    %
total cruise operating expenses                   55.8   %         59.0    %        61.4    %
marketing, selling and administrative expenses    13.5   %         13.0    %        13.1    %
depreciation and amortization expenses            10.8   %         10.5    %        10.0    %
impairment of pullmantur related assets              -   %            -    %         5.0    %
operating income                                  19.9   %         17.4    %        10.5    %
other expense                                     (1.4   )%        (2.3   )%        (2.5   )%
net income                                        18.5   %         15.1    %         8.0    %
selected statistical information is shown in the following table:
year ended december 31,
2017                                                    2016 (1)                   2015
passengers carried       5,768,496              5,754,747                5,401,899
passenger cruise days   40,033,527             40,250,557               38,523,060
apcd                    36,930,939             37,844,644               36,646,639
occupancy                    108.4   %    106.4                %             105.1    %
___________________________________________________________________
(1)   does not include november and december 2015 amounts for pullmantur as the net pullmantur result for those months was included within other expense in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended december 31, 2016, as a result of the elimination of the pullmantur reporting lag, and did not affect gross yields, net yields, gross cruise costs, net cruise costs and net cruise costs excluding fuel. additionally, effective august 2016, we no longer include pullmantur holdings in these amounts.
48
gross yields and net yields were calculated as follows (in thousands, except apcd and yields):
year ended december 31,
2017                                                                                        2017   2016                    2015
on a constant currency basis passenger ticket revenues                                $6,313,170              $6,302,600               $6,149,323              $6,058,821
onboard and other revenues                                2,464,675               2,462,531                2,347,078               2,240,253
total revenues                                            8,777,845               8,765,131                8,496,401               8,299,074
less:
commissions, transportation and other                     1,363,170               1,361,001                1,349,677               1,400,778
onboard and other                                           495,552                 493,790                  493,558                 553,104
net revenues including other initiative costs             6,919,123               6,910,340                6,653,166               6,345,192
less:
other initiative costs included within net revenues               -                       -                   (2,230   )                   -
net revenues                                             $6,919,123              $6,910,340               $6,655,396              $6,345,192
apcd                                                     36,930,939              36,930,939               37,844,644              36,646,639
gross yields                                                $237.68                 $237.34                  $224.51                 $226.46
net yields                                                  $187.35                 $187.12                  $175.86                 $173.15
49
gross cruise costs, net cruise costs and net cruise costs excluding fuel were calculated as follows (in thousands, except apcd and costs per apcd):
year ended december 31,
2017                                                                                                                                                        2017 on a   2016                    2015
constant currency basis total cruise operating expenses                                                                                              $4,896,579              $4,891,324                $5,015,539              $5,099,393
marketing, selling and administrative expenses (1)                                                                            1,186,016               1,189,694                 1,100,290               1,086,504
gross cruise costs                                                                                                            6,082,595               6,081,018                 6,115,829               6,185,897
less:
commissions, transportation and other                                                                                         1,363,170               1,361,001                 1,349,677               1,400,778
onboard and other                                                                                                               495,552                 493,790                   493,558                 553,104
net cruise costs including other initiative costs                                                                             4,223,873               4,226,227                 4,272,594               4,232,015
less:
net gain related to the sale of pullmantur and cdf croisières de france brands included within other operating expenses               -                       -                    (3,834   )                   -
other initiative costs included within cruise operating expenses and marketing, selling and administrative expenses                   -                       -                     2,433                       -
net cruise costs                                                                                                              4,223,873               4,226,227                 4,273,995               4,232,015
less:
fuel (2)                                                                                                                        681,118                 681,114                   713,252                 795,801
net cruise costs excluding fuel                                                                                              $3,542,755              $3,545,113                $3,560,743              $3,436,214
apcd                                                                                                                         36,930,939              36,930,939                37,844,644              36,646,639
gross cruise costs per apcd                                                                                                     $164.70                 $164.66                   $161.60                 $168.80
net cruise costs per apcd                                                                                                       $114.37                 $114.44                   $112.94                 $115.48
net cruise cost excluding fuel per apcd                                                                                          $95.93                  $95.99                    $94.09                  $93.77
___________________________________________________________________
(1)   for the year ended december 31, 2016, amount does not include restructuring charges of $8.5 million.
(2)   for the year ended december 31, 2016, amount does not include fuel expense of $0.4 million included within other initiative costs associated with the redeployment of pullmantur's empress to the royal caribbean international brand.
outlook the company does not make predictions about fuel pricing, interest rates or currency exchange rates but does provide guidance about its future business activities. on january 24, 2018, we announced the following initial full year and first quarter 2018 guidance based on the then current fuel pricing, interest rates and currency exchange rates:
50
full year 2018
as reported   constant currency net yields                                            2.75% to 4.75%        1.5% to 3.5%
net cruise costs per apcd                               1.0% to 1.5%        0.5% to 1.0%
net cruise costs per apcd, excluding fuel               2.0% to 2.5%        1.5% to 2.0%
capacity increase                                               3.9%
depreciation and amortization               $1,053 to $1,063 million interest expense, net                           $280 to $290 million fuel consumption (metric tons)                             1,350,100
fuel expenses                                           $675 million percent hedged (fwd consumption)                                 50%
impact of 10% change in fuel prices                      $38 million
1% change in currency                                    $18 million
1% change in net yield                                   $75 million
1% change in ncc x fuel                                  $38 million
100 basis pt. change in libor                            $30 million adjusted earnings per share - diluted                 $8.55 to $8.75
first quarter 2018
as reported   constant currency net yields                                          approx. 5.5%   3.0% to 3.5%
net cruise costs per apcd                           approx. 8.5%   approx. 7.5%
net cruise costs per apcd, excluding fuel          approx. 11.0%   approx. 10.0%
capacity decrease                                         (3.9%)
depreciation and amortization               $245 to $250 million interest expense, net                         $59 to $63 million fuel consumption (metric tons)                           324,400
fuel expenses                                       $162 million percent hedged (fwd consumption)                             50%
impact of 10% change in fuel prices                   $9 million
1% change in currency                                 $4 million
1% change in net yield                               $16 million
1% change in ncc x fuel                              $10 million
100 basis pt. change in libor                         $5 million adjusted earnings per share - diluted              approx. $0.95
since our earnings release on january 24, 2018, bookings have remained consistent with our previous expectations. accordingly, our forecast has remained essentially unchanged.
volatility in foreign currency exchange rates affects the united states dollar value of our earnings. based on our highest net exposure for each quarter and the full year 2018, the top five foreign currencies are ranked below. for example, the australian dollar is the most impactful currency in the first and fourth quarters of 2018. rankings are based on estimated net exposures.
51
ranking   q1    q2    q3    q4    fy 2018
1   aud   gbp   gbp   aud   gbp
2   cad   aud   cnh   gbp   aud
3   gbp   cad   eur   cad   cad
4   eur   cnh   cad   eur   eur
5   cnh   eur   aud   cnh   cnh the currency abbreviations above are defined as follows:
currency abbreviation   currency aud                     australian dollar cad                     canadian dollar cnh                     chinese yuan eur                     euro gbp                     british pound year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016
in this section, references to 2017 refer to the year ended december 31, 2017 and references to 2016 refer to the year ended december 31, 2016.
revenues total revenues for 2017 increased $281.4 million, or 3.3%, to $8.8 billion from $8.5 billion in 2016.
passenger ticket revenues comprised 71.9% of our 2017 total revenues. passenger ticket revenues increased by $163.8 million, or 2.7% from 2016, despite the impact of canceled sailings resulting from hurricane-related disruptions during the third quarter of 2017. the increase was primarily due to:
•   an increase of $301.8 million in ticket prices primarily driven by the improvement in our ticket price on a per passenger basis due to the exit of the pullmantur ships and the addition of harmony of the seas and ovation of the seas, as well as higher pricing on north america and europe sailings. the increase in ticket prices on these itineraries was partially offset by lower pricing on asia/pacific sailings; and
•   the favorable effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates related to our revenue transactions denominated in currencies other than the united states dollar of approximately $10.6 million.
the increase in passenger ticket revenues was partially offset by a 2.4% decrease in capacity, which decreased passenger ticket revenues by $148.5 million primarily due to the sale of our majority interest in pullmantur holdings during the third quarter of 2016, the sale of splendour of the seas in the second quarter of 2016 and the sale of legend of the seas in first quarter of 2017, which was partially offset by an increase in capacity due to the addition of ovation of the seas and harmony of the seas into our fleet during the second quarter of 2016.
the remaining 28.1% of 2017 total revenues was comprised of onboard and other revenues, which increased $117.6 million, or 5.0%. the increase in onboard and other revenues was primarily due to:
•   a $125.3 million increase in onboard revenue attributable to higher spending on a per passenger basis primarily due to our revenue enhancing initiatives, including beverage package, shore excursion and specialty restaurant sales and promotions and increased revenue associated with internet and other telecommunication service.
•   a $45.7 million increase in other revenue primarily due to charter revenue and management fees earned from pullmantur holdings.
52
the increase was partially offset by a $55.6 million decrease attributable to the 2.4% decrease in capacity noted above, including the impact of canceled sailings resulting from hurricane-related disruptions during the third quarter of 2017.
onboard and other revenues included concession revenues of $326.5 million in 2017 and $316.9 million in 2016.
cruise operating expenses total cruise operating expenses for 2017 decreased $119.0 million, or 2.4%, to $4.9 billion in 2017 from $5.0 billion in 2016. the decrease was primarily due to:
•   a $120.5 million decrease attributable to the 2.4% decrease in capacity noted above;
•   a $30.9 million gain resulting from the sale of legend of the seas in 2017 compared to an immaterial gain from the sale of splendour of the seas in 2016;
•   a $17.2 million decrease in air expense due to itinerary changes and lower ticket costs;
•   a $16.8 million decrease in vessel maintenance primarily due to the timing of scheduled drydocks; and
•   a $15.5 million decrease in fuel expense, excluding the impact of the decrease in capacity. our cost of fuel (net of the financial impact of fuel swap agreements) for 2017 decreased 4.6% per metric ton compared to 2016.
the decrease was partially offset by:
•   a $33.8 million increase in commissions expense mainly due to the increase in ticket prices discussed above and changes in commission incentives;
•a $19.3 million increase in head taxes primarily due to itinerary changes; and
•   an $18.9 million increase in food expenses mainly due to our new culinary initiatives.
marketing, selling and administrative expenses marketing, selling and administrative expenses for 2017 increased $77.3 million, or 7.0%, to $1.2 billion from $1.1 billion in 2016. the increase was primarily due to an increase in payroll and benefits mostly driven by higher stock prices year over year related to our performance share awards, partially offset by a decrease in expenses due to the sale of our majority interest in pullmantur holdings.
depreciation and amortization expenses depreciation and amortization expenses for 2017 increased $56.3 million, or 6.3%, to $951.2 million from $894.9 million in 2016. the increase was primarily due to the addition of ovation of the seas and harmony of the seas in the second quarter of 2016, new shipboard additions associated with our ship upgrade projects and to a lesser extent, additions related to our shoreside projects. the increase was partially offset by the decrease in depreciation associated with the sale of legend of the seas in the first quarter of 2017 and to a lesser extent, the sale of splendour of the seas in the second quarter of 2016.
other income (expense)
53
interest expense, net of interest capitalized, decreased $7.4 million, or 2.4%, to $300.0 million in 2017 from $307.4 million in 2016. the decrease was due to a lower average debt level in 2017 compared to 2016, partially offset by higher interest rates in 2017 compared to 2016.
equity investment income increased $27.9 million, or 21.7%, to $156.2 million in 2017 from $128.4 million in 2016 primarily due to an increase in income from tui cruises, one of our equity method investments.
other expense decreased $30.4 million, or 85.2%, to $5.3 million in 2017 from $35.7 million in 2016. the decrease was primarily due to a net loss of $21.7 million related to the elimination of the pullmantur reporting lag in 2016 which did not recur in 2017.
gross and net yields gross and net yields increased 5.9% and 6.5% in 2017, respectively, compared to 2016 primarily due to the increase in passenger ticket and onboard and other revenues discussed above.
gross and net cruise costs gross cruise costs remained consistent in 2017 compared to 2016. net cruise costs decreased 1.2% in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily due to the decrease in capacity and cruise operating expenses discussed above. gross cruise costs per apcd and net cruise costs per apcd increased 1.9% and 1.3% in 2017, respectively, compared to 2016. the increase was mainly due to the hurricane-related disruptions during the third quarter of 2017 which reduced our capacity; however, certain operating expenses were still incurred, negatively impacting our metrics per apcd. net cruise costs excluding fuel per apcd increased 2.0% in 2017 compared to 2016.
other comprehensive income other comprehensive income in 2017 was $582.2 million compared to $411.9 million in 2016. the increase of $170.3 million or 41.3% was primarily due to the gain on cash flow derivative hedges in 2017 of $570.5 million compared to $411.2 million in 2016. the increase of $159.3 million in 2017 was primarily due to an increase in foreign currency forward contract values in 2017 compared to a decrease in 2016, which was partially offset by lower amounts of fuel swap losses reclasssified to income in 2017 and a smaller increase in fuel swap instrument values in 2017 compared to 2016.
year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015
in this section, references to 2016 refer to the year ended december 31, 2016 and references to 2015 refer to the year ended december 31, 2015.
revenues total revenues for 2016 increased $197.3 million, or 2.4%, to $8.5 billion from $8.3 billion in 2015.
passenger ticket revenues comprised 72.4% of our 2016 total revenues. passenger ticket revenues increased by $90.5 million, or 1.5%. the increase was primarily due to:
•   a 3.3% increase in capacity, which increased passenger ticket revenues by $198.1 million, net of the capacity decrease resulting from the sale of our majority interest in pullmantur holdings; and
•   an increase of $63.9 million in ticket prices primarily driven by our newest ships as well as higher pricing on alaska and caribbean sailings. the increase in ticket prices was partially offset by lower pricing on mediterranean and asia sailings.
54
the increase in passenger ticket revenues was partially offset by the unfavorable effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates related to our revenue transactions denominated in currencies other than the united states dollar of approximately $171.5 million.
the remaining 27.6% of 2016 total revenues was comprised of onboard and other revenues, which increased $106.8 million, or 4.8%. the increase in onboard and other revenues was primarily due to:
•   a $70.5 million increase attributable to the 3.3% increase in capacity noted above; and
•   an $89.9 million increase in onboard revenue attributable to higher spending on a per passenger basis primarily due to our ship upgrade programs and other revenue enhancing initiatives, including various beverage and gaming initiatives, the promotion of specialty restaurants and the increased revenue associated with internet and other telecommunication services partially offset by a decrease in port activities revenue mainly due to itinerary changes.
the increase was partially offset by:
•   an approximate $16.4 million unfavorable effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates related to our onboard and other revenue transactions denominated in currencies other than the united states dollar; and
•   a $37.2 million decrease in other revenues primarily related to our travel agency business that was sold in 2015 partially offset by an increase in revenue received for our bareboat charter and ship management services associated with our unconsolidated affiliates. the decrease in revenues from our travel agency business sold is mostly offset by the related decrease in travel agency expenses discussed below.
onboard and other revenues included concession revenues of $316.9 million in 2016 and $327.1 million in 2015.
cruise operating expenses total cruise operating expenses for 2016 decreased $83.9 million, or 1.6%, to $5.0 billion in 2016 from $5.1 billion in 2015. the decrease was primarily due to:
•   a $114.4 million decrease in fuel expense, excluding the impact of the increase in capacity. our cost of fuel (net of the financial impact of fuel swap agreements) for 2016 decreased 10.3% per metric ton compared to 2015;
•   an approximate $40.9 million favorable effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates related to our cruise operating expenses denominated in currencies other than the united states dollar;
•   a $41.2 million decrease in other expenses primarily related to our travel agency business that was sold in 2015, which mostly offsets the related decrease in travel agency revenues discussed above;
•   a $25.0 million decrease in air expense primarily due to the decrease in air transportation sales and lower costs; and
•   a $20.2 million decrease in shore excursion expense attributable to lower contractual costs incurred and the decrease in port activities revenue discussed above.
the decrease was partially offset by a $164.7 million increase attributable to the 3.3% increase in capacity noted above.
marketing, selling and administrative expenses marketing, selling and administrative expenses for 2016 remained consistent compared to 2015.
55
depreciation and amortization expenses depreciation and amortization expenses for 2016 increased $67.9 million, or 8.2%, to $894.9 million from $827.0 million in 2015. the increase was primarily due to the addition of  harmony of the seas and ovation of the seas in the second quarter of 2016 into our fleet and the addition of anthem of the seas in the second quarter of 2015 and, to a lesser extent, new shipboard additions associated with our ship upgrade projects. the increase was partially offset by the sale of splendour of the seas in april 2016.
impairment of pullmantur related assets during 2015, we recognized an impairment charge of $411.3 million to write down pullmantur's goodwill to its implied fair value and to write down trademarks and trade names and certain long-lived assets, consisting of three aircraft that was then owned and operated by pullmantur air and two ships owned and operated by pullmantur, to their fair value.
other income (expense)
interest expense, net of interest capitalized, decreased $29.6 million, or 10.7%, to $307.4 million in 2016 from $277.7 million in 2015. the increase was due to a higher average debt level attributable to the financing of ovation of the seas and harmony of the seas, partially offset by lower pricing on debt refinanced in 2015.
equity investment income increased $47.3 million, or 58.4%, to $128.4 million in 2016 from $81.0 million in 2015 mainly due to the increase in income from tui cruises, one of our equity method investments.
other expense in 2016 was $35.7 million compared to $24.4 million in 2015. the increase in expense of $11.2 million was primarily due to a net loss of $21.7 million related to the elimination of the pullmantur reporting lag in 2016. the increase in other expense was partially offset by a decrease of $9.6 million in foreign exchange losses from the remeasurement of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currency.
gross and net yields gross yields remained consistent in 2016 compared to 2015. net yields increased 1.6% in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to the increase in passenger ticket and onboard and other revenues discussed above. gross yields and net yields increased 1.3% and 3.9%, respectively, in 2016 compared to 2015 on a constant currency basis.
gross and net cruise costs gross cruise costs decreased 1.1% in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to the decrease in fuel. net cruise costs increased 1.0% in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to the increase in capacity, partially offset by the decrease in fuel, which are further discussed above. gross cruise costs per apcd and net cruise costs per apcd decreased 4.3% and 2.2%, respectively, in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to the decrease in fuel. gross cruise costs per apcd on a constant currency basis decreased 3.4% in 2016 compared to 2015. net cruise costs per apcd on a constant currency basis decreased 1.7% in 2016 compared to 2015. net cruise costs excluding fuel per apcd remained consistent in 2016 compared to 2015 and increased 0.9% in 2016 compared to 2015 on a constant currency basis.
other comprehensive income (loss)
other comprehensive income in 2016 was $411.9 million compared to a loss of $431.4 million in 2015. the change of $843.4 million was primarily due to the gain on cash flow derivative hedges in 2016 of $411.2 million compared to the loss on cash flow derivative hedges of $406.0 million in 2015. the gain in 2016 resulted mostly from the reclassification of losses to earnings during 2016 from fuel cash flow hedges. in addition, there was an increase in the fair value of our fuel swaps in 2016 as a result of higher forward fuel prices. the loss in 2015 was primarily due to the decrease in the fair value of our fuel swaps and of our foreign currency forward contracts as a
56
result of decreases in fuel prices and forward currency rates, somewhat offset by the reclassification of losses to earnings during 2015 from fuel cash flow hedges.
future application of accounting standards refer to note 2. summary of significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information on recent accounting pronouncements.
liquidity and capital resources sources and uses of cash cash flow generated from operations provides us with a significant source of liquidity. net cash provided by operating activities increased $357.9 million to $2.9 billion in 2017 compared to $2.5 billion in 2016. the increase in cash provided by operating activities was primarily attributable to an increase in proceeds from customer deposits, an increase in cash receipts from onboard spending and a decrease in fuel costs in 2017 compared to 2016. additionally, dividends received from unconsolidated affiliates increased by $33.7 million.
net cash provided by operating activities increased $570.3 million to $2.5 billion in 2016 compared to $1.9 billion in 2015. the increase in cash provided by operating activities was primarily attributable to an increase in proceeds from customer deposits, an increase in cash receipts from onboard spending and a decrease in fuel costs in 2016 compared to 2015. additionally, dividends received from unconsolidated affiliates increased by $42.6 million.
net cash used in investing activities decreased $2.5 billion to $213.6 million in 2017 compared to $2.7 billion in 2016. the decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease in capital expenditures of $1.9 billion due to ship deliveries in 2016, ovation of the seas and harmony of the seas, compared to no ship deliveries in 2017. in addition, we received $230.0 million of proceeds from the sale of property and equipment in 2017 which did not occur in 2016. furthermore, during 2017, we received cash of $63.2 million on settlements on our foreign currency forward contracts compared to cash paid of $213.2 million during 2016.
net cash used in investing activities increased $981.9 million to $2.7 billion in 2016 compared to $1.7 billion in 2015. the increase was primarily attributable to an increase in capital expenditures of $881.0 million in 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 primarily due to the deliveries of ovation of the seas and harmony of the seas in 2016. additionally, cash repayments received on loans to our unconsolidated affiliates decreased $86.0 million in 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 mainly due to tui cruises repaying in 2015 the outstanding balance of the debt facility we originally provided to them in 2011.
net cash used in financing activities was $2.7 billion in 2017 compared to net cash provided in financing activities of $243.8 million in 2016. the change was primarily attributable to a decrease in debt proceeds of $1.5 billion, an increase in debt repayments of $1.5 billion and a higher amount of dividends paid during 2017 compared to 2016, partially offset by a decrease of stock repurchases of $75.0 million during 2017 compared to 2016. the decrease in debt proceeds was primarily due to the $841.8 million unsecured term loan borrowed in april 2016 to finance ovation of the seas and the €700.7 million and $226.1 million unsecured term loans borrowed in may 2016 to finance harmony of the seas that did not recur in 2017 and lower drawings on our revolving credit facilities during 2017 compared to 2016, partially offset by $800 million in proceeds received from unsecured senior notes issued during 2017 which did not occur in 2016. the increase in repayment of debt was primarily due to higher payments on our revolving credit facilities.
net cash provided by financing activities was $243.8 million in 2016 compared to net cash used in financing activities of $253.5 million in 2015. the change was primarily attributable to an increase in debt proceeds of $2.9 billion during 2016 compared to 2015, partially offset by an increase in repayment of debt of $2.2 billion, an increase in stock repurchases of $100.0 million and an increase in dividends paid of $66.3 million during 2016 compared to 2015. the increase in debt proceeds was primarily due to the $841.8 million unsecured term loan borrowed in april 2016 to finance ovation of the seas, the €700.7 million and $226.1 million unsecured term loans borrowed in may
57
2016 to finance harmony of the seas, the $200.0 million unsecured term loan borrowed in april 2016 and higher drawings on our revolving credit facilities during 2016 compared to the $742.1 million unsecured term loan borrowed in april 2015 to finance anthem of the seas. the increase in repayment of debt was primarily due to higher payments on our revolving credit facilities.
future capital commitments our future capital commitments consist primarily of new ship orders. as of december 31, 2017, we have two quantum-class ships, two oasis-class ships and two ships of a new generation, known as our icon-class, on order for our royal caribbean international brand with an aggregate capacity of approximately 30,500 berths. additionally, we have four ships of a new generation, known as our edge-class, and a ship designed for the galapagos islands on order for our celebrity cruises brand with an aggregate capacity of approximately 11,700 berths. for each of these orders, we have committed unsecured financing arrangements in place covering 80% of the cost of the ship, almost all of which include sovereign financing guarantees. furthermore, during 2017, we entered into an agreement to purchase a ship for our azamara club cruises brand that is scheduled to be delivered in march 2018 and expected to enter service during the third quarter of 2018.
as of december 31, 2017, the aggregate cost of our ships on order, not including the tui cruises' ships on order, was approximately $13.3 billion, of which we had deposited $465.7 million as of such date. approximately 54.0% of the aggregate cost was exposed to fluctuations in the euro exchange rate at december 31, 2017. (refer to note 14. fair value measurements and derivative instruments and note 15. commitments and contingencies to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data).
as of december 31, 2017, anticipated overall capital expenditures, based on our existing ships on order, are approximately $3.4 billion for 2018, $2.1 billion for 2019, $2.5 billion for 2020 and $2.5 billion for 2021.
contractual obligations as of december 31, 2017, our contractual obligations were as follows (in thousands):
payments due by period less than                     1-3                     3-5                 more than total                    1 year                   years                   years                   5 years operating activities:
operating lease obligations(1)        $241,468                 $29,420                   $44,191                 $22,644                $145,213
interest on long-term debt(2)        1,275,346                 250,600                   415,000                 292,665                 317,081
other(3)                               879,206                 214,444                   282,570                 150,003                 232,189
investing activities:                        0
ship purchase obligations(4)        10,888,494               2,368,806                 3,063,165               4,089,153               1,367,370
financing activities:                        0
long-term debt obligations(5)        7,506,312               1,185,038                 2,047,882               2,012,922               2,260,470
capital lease obligations(6)            33,139                   3,476                     7,210                   8,395                  14,058
other(7)                                21,552                   8,868                    11,217                   1,467                       -
total                              $20,845,517              $4,060,652                $5,871,235              $6,577,249              $4,336,381
___________________________________________________________________
(1)     we are obligated under noncancelable operating leases primarily for offices, warehouses and motor vehicles. amounts represent contractual obligations with initial terms in excess of one year.
(2)     long-term debt obligations mature at various dates through fiscal year 2028 and bear interest at fixed and variable rates. interest on variable-rate debt is calculated based on forecasted debt balances, including the impact of interest rate swap agreements, using the applicable rate at december 31, 2017. debt denominated in other currencies is calculated based on the applicable exchange rate at december 31, 2017.
58
(3)      amounts primarily represent future commitments with remaining terms in excess of one year to pay for our usage of certain port facilities, marine consumables, services and maintenance contracts. amounts do not include the portmiami lease further discussed below under off-balance sheet arrangements.
(4)     amounts do not include potential obligations which remain subject to cancellation at our sole discretion.
(5)     amounts represent debt obligations with initial terms in excess of one year. debt denominated in other currencies is calculated based on the applicable exchange rate at december 31, 2017.
(6)     amounts represent capital lease obligations with initial terms in excess of one year.
(7)     amounts represent fees payable to sovereign guarantors in connection with certain of our export credit debt facilities and facility fees on our revolving credit facilities.
please refer to funding needs and sources for discussion on the planned funding of the above contractual obligations.
as a normal part of our business, depending on market conditions, pricing and our overall growth strategy, we continuously consider opportunities to enter into contracts for the building of additional ships. we may also consider the sale of ships or the purchase of existing ships. we continuously consider potential acquisitions and strategic alliances. if any of these were to occur, they would be financed through the incurrence of additional indebtedness, the issuance of additional shares of equity securities or through cash flows from operations.
off-balance sheet arrangements we and tui ag have each guaranteed repayment of 50% of a bank loan provided to tui cruises which is due 2022. notwithstanding this, the lenders have agreed to release each shareholder's guarantee if certain conditions are met by april 2018. as of december 31, 2017, €95.1 million, or approximately $114.2 million based on the exchange rate at december 31, 2017, remains outstanding. based on current facts and circumstances, we do not believe potential obligations under this guarantee are probable.
tui cruises has entered into various ship construction and credit agreements that include certain restrictions on each of our and tui ag's ability to reduce our current ownership interest in tui cruises below 37.55% through 2021.
in july 2016, we executed an agreement with miami dade county ("mdc"), which was simultaneously assigned to sumitomo banking corporation ("smbc"), to lease land from mdc and construct a new cruise terminal at portmiami in miami, florida. the terminal is expected to be approximately 170,000 square feet and will serve as a homeport. during the construction period, smbc will fund the costs of the terminal's construction and land lease. upon completion of the terminal's construction, we will operate and lease the terminal from smbc for a five-year term. we determined that the lease arrangement between smbc and us should be accounted for as an operating lease upon completion of the terminal.
some of the contracts that we enter into include indemnification provisions that obligate us to make payments to the counterparty if certain events occur. these contingencies generally relate to changes in taxes, increased lender capital costs and other similar costs. the indemnification clauses are often standard contractual terms and are entered into in the normal course of business. there are no stated or notional amounts included in the indemnification clauses and we are not able to estimate the maximum potential amount of future payments, if any, under these indemnification clauses. we have not been required to make any payments under such indemnification clauses in the past and, under current circumstances, we do not believe an indemnification obligation is probable.
as of december 31, 2017, other than the items described above, we are not party to any other off-balance sheet arrangements, including guarantee contracts, retained or contingent interest, certain derivative instruments and variable interest entities, that either have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future material effect on our financial position.
funding needs and sources we have significant contractual obligations of which our debt service obligations and the capital expenditures associated with our ship purchases represent our largest funding needs. as of december 31, 2017, we had approximately $4.1 billion in contractual obligations due through december 31, 2018 of which approximately $1.2 billion relates to debt maturities, $0.3 billion relates to interest on long-term debt and $2.4 billion relates to ship purchase payments, including the final installments payable due upon the deliveries of symphony of the seas and celebrity edge in the
59
first and fourth quarters of 2018, respectively. we have historically relied on a combination of cash flows provided by operations, drawdowns under our available credit facilities, the incurrence of additional debt and/or the refinancing of our existing debt and the issuance of additional shares of equity securities to fund these obligations.
we had a working capital deficit of $3.9 billion and $3.7 billion as of december 31, 2017 and december 31, 2016, respectively. included within our working capital deficit is $1.2 billion and $1.3 billion of current portion of debt, including capital leases, as of december 31, 2017 and december 31, 2016, respectively. similar to others in our industry, we operate with a substantial working capital deficit. this deficit is mainly attributable to the fact that, under our business model, a vast majority of our passenger ticket receipts are collected in advance of the applicable sailing date. these advance passenger receipts remain a current liability until the sailing date. the cash generated from these advance receipts is used interchangeably with cash on hand from other sources, such as our revolving credit facilities and other cash from operations. the cash received as advanced receipts can be used to fund operating expenses for the applicable future sailing or otherwise, pay down our revolving credit facilities, invest in long term investments or any other use of cash. in addition, we have a relatively low-level of accounts receivable and rapid turnover results in a limited investment in inventories. we generate substantial cash flows from operations and our business model, along with our unsecured revolving credit facilities, has historically allowed us to maintain this working capital deficit and still meet our operating, investing and financing needs. we expect that we will continue to have working capital deficits in the future.
as of december 31, 2017, we had liquidity of $2.2 billion, consisting of approximately $0.1 billion in cash and cash equivalents and $2.1 billion available under our unsecured revolving credit facilities. we anticipate that our cash flows from operations and our current financing arrangements, as described above, will be adequate to meet our capital expenditures and debt repayments over the next twelve-month period.
in april 2017, moody's changed our senior unsecured debt credit rating to baa3 with a stable outlook. consistent with the provisions of our interest rate derivatives instruments, all collateral that was posted with our counterparties as of that date was returned in april 2017. in addition, the interest margins and guarantee premium payable under certain of our credit agreements were automatically reduced in accordance with their terms.
on april 28, 2017, we announced that our board of directors authorized a twelve-month common stock repurchase program for up to $500 million. as of december 31, 2017, we have $275.0 million that remains available for future common stock repurchase transactions under this board approved program. future repurchases may be made at management's discretion from time to time on the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. repurchases under the program are expected to be funded from available cash or borrowings under our revolving credit facilities. refer to note 8. shareholders' equity to our consolidated financial statements for further information.
if any person acquires ownership of more than 50% of our common stock or, subject to certain exceptions, during any 24-month period, a majority of the board is no longer comprised of individuals who were members of the board on the first day of such period, we may be obligated to prepay indebtedness outstanding under our credit facilities, which we may be unable to replace on similar terms. our public debt securities also contain change of control provisions that would be triggered by a third-party acquisition of greater than 50% of our common stock coupled with a ratings downgrade. if this were to occur, it would have an adverse impact on our liquidity and operations.
debt covenants certain of our financing agreements contain covenants that require us, among other things, to maintain minimum net worth of at least $8.0 billion, a fixed charge coverage ratio of at least 1.25x and limit our net debt-to-capital ratio to no more than 62.5%. the fixed charge coverage ratio is calculated by dividing net cash from operations for the past four quarters by the sum of dividend payments plus scheduled principal debt payments in excess of any new financings for the past four quarters. our minimum net worth and maximum net debt-to-capital calculations exclude the impact of accumulated other comprehensive loss on total shareholders' equity. we were well in excess of all debt covenant requirements as of december 31, 2017. the specific covenants and related definitions can be found in the applicable debt agreements, the majority of which have been previously filed with the securities and exchange commission.
60
dividends in december 2017, we declared a cash dividend on our common stock of $0.60 per share which was paid in the first quarter of 2018. we declared a cash dividend on our common stock of $0.60 per share during the third quarter of 2017 which was paid in the fourth quarter of 2017. during the first and second quarters of 2017, we declared a cash dividend on our common stock of $0.48 per share which was paid in the second and third quarters of 2017, respectively. during the first quarter of 2017, we also paid a cash dividend on our common stock of $0.48 per share which was declared during the fourth quarter of 2016.
61
