item 1a. risk factors when evaluating our company and its subsidiaries, you should consider carefully the following risk factors and all other information contained in this report. these risk factors could materially adversely affect our actual results and cause such results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf. we may also be materially harmed by risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial. if any of the following occurs, our businesses, cash flows, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects could be materially negatively impacted. in addition, the trading prices of our securities and those of our subsidiaries could substantially decline due to the occurrence of any of these risks. these risk factors should be read in conjunction with the other detailed information concerning our company set forth in, or attached as an exhibit to, this annual report on form 10-k, including, without limitation, the information set forth in the notes to consolidated financial statements and in "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations." in this section, when we state that a risk or uncertainty may, could or will have a "material adverse effect" on us, or may, could or will "materially adversely affect" us, we mean that the risk or uncertainty may, could or will, as the case may be, have a material adverse effect on our businesses, cash flows, results of operations, financial condition, prospects and/or the trading prices of our securities or those of our subsidiaries.
risks related to sempra energy sempra energy's cash flows, ability to pay dividends and ability to meet its debt obligations largely depend on the performance of its subsidiaries and joint ventures and the ability to utilize the cash flows from those subsidiaries and joint ventures.
we are a holding company and substantially all of our assets are owned by our subsidiaries. our ability to pay dividends and to meet our debt and other obligations depends almost entirely on cash flows from our subsidiaries and joint ventures and other entities in which we have invested and, in the short term, our ability to raise capital from external sources. in the long term, cash flows from our subsidiaries and joint ventures and other entities in which we have invested depend on their ability to generate operating cash flows in excess of their own expenditures, common and preferred stock dividends, and debt or other obligations. in addition, the subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities that are not obligated to pay dividends or make loans or distributions to us, whether to enable us to pay principal and interest on our debt securities, our other obligations or dividends on our common stock or our preferred stock, and could be precluded from paying any such dividends or making any such loans or distributions under certain circumstances, including, without limitation, as a result of legislation, regulation, court order, contractual restrictions or in times of financial distress.
37
a significant portion of our worldwide cash reserves are generated by, and therefore held in, foreign jurisdictions. as a result of the tcja enacted in december 2017, the cumulative undistributed earnings of our foreign entities were deemed repatriated and subjected to a one-time u.s. federal income tax. based on current assumptions, when we repatriate these foreign earnings to the u.s. in 2018 or later, they will not be subject to additional u.s. federal income taxes. however, some foreign jurisdictions and u.s. states impose taxes on dividends repatriated to their u.s. parent, which will reduce the cash available to us.
the tcja may materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, the value of investments in our common stock, preferred stock and debt securities, and our credit ratings.
the tcja has significantly changed the u.s. internal revenue code, including taxation of u.s. corporations by, among other things, reducing the u.s. corporate income tax rate, altering the expensing of capital expenditures, limiting interest deductions, adopting elements of a territorial tax system, assessing a one-time deemed repatriation tax on cumulative undistributed earnings of u.s.-owned foreign entities at the time of enactment, and introducing certain anti-base erosion provisions. the legislation is unclear in certain respects and will require interpretations and implementing regulations by the u.s. department of the treasury, as well as state tax authorities, and the legislation could be subject to potential amendments and technical corrections, any of which could lessen or increase certain adverse impacts of the legislation. in addition, the regulatory treatment of the impacts of this legislation will be subject to the discretion of the ferc and state public utility commissions.
we recorded a noncash income tax expense of $870 million in the fourth quarter of 2017 for the effects of the enactment of the tcja. we recorded the effects using our best estimates and the information available to us through the date the financial statements were issued. however, our analysis of this legislation is ongoing, and the effects recorded are provisional. as permitted by and in accordance with guidance issued by the sec, we may adjust our provisional estimates in reporting periods throughout 2018 as we complete our analysis and as more information becomes available, which could result in a material change in our provisional estimates. we discuss the events and information that may result in adjustments to our provisional estimates in note 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements and in "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - results of operations."
although it is unclear when or how capital markets, credit rating agencies, the ferc or state public utility commissions may respond to the tcja, we do expect that certain financial metrics used by credit rating agencies, such as our funds from operations-to-debt percentage, will be negatively impacted as a result of an anticipated decrease in required income tax reimbursement payments to us from our domestic utility subsidiaries due to the decrease in the u.s. statutory corporate income tax rate. certain provisions of the tcja, such as 100-percent expensing of capital expenditures and impacts on utilization of our nols, may influence how we fund capital expenditures, the timing of capital expenditures and possible redeployment of capital through sales or monetization of assets, the timing of repatriation of foreign earnings and the use of equity financing to reduce our future use of debt, although there can be no assurance that these strategies will reduce any potential adverse impact from these provisions of the tcja. in addition, although we are not currently expecting the deductibility of our interest costs to affect future earnings based on our method of allocation across our businesses, the interest deduction limitation under the tcja is subject to potential additional guidance or interpretation from the u.s. department of the treasury, and there can be no assurance that any such additional guidance will not impact our current assessment.
it is also uncertain how credit rating agencies will treat the impacts of this legislation in their credit rating metrics, and whether additional avenues will evolve for companies to manage the adverse aspects of this legislation. we believe that these strategies, to the extent available and if successfully applied, could lessen the negative impacts on certain credit metrics, such as our funds from operations-to-debt percentage, although there can be no assurance in this regard.
if we are unable to successfully take actions to manage the potentially adverse impacts of the tcja, or if additional interpretations, regulations, amendments or technical corrections exacerbate any adverse impacts of the legislation, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows and on the value of investments in our common stock, preferred stock and debt securities, and could result in credit rating agencies placing our credit ratings on negative outlook or downgrading our credit ratings. any such actions by credit rating agencies may make it more difficult and costly for us to issue debt securities and certain other types of financing and could increase borrowing costs under our credit facilities.
we discuss the effects of the tcja further in note 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements and in "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - results of operations."
certain credit rating agencies may downgrade our credit ratings or place those ratings on negative outlook, which may adversely affect the market price of our common stock, preferred stock and debt securities.
on december 20, 2017, moody's placed sempra energy's credit ratings on negative outlook. moody's indicated that this action was triggered by us having entered into a comprehensive stipulation with the staff of the puct and other key stakeholders with
38
respect to our joint application with oncor to the puct for regulatory approval of the merger, which moody's described as a significant milestone in our attaining regulatory approval for the merger. in addition, moody's indicated that a downgrade of our credit ratings over the 12 to 18 months after december 20, 2017 is likely if they anticipate that our consolidated credit metrics will remain weak, relative to our current credit rating, beyond 2019, specifically if our consolidated ratio of cash flow from operations before changes in working capital to debt remains below 18 percent (assuming successful completion of the merger) for an extended period of time. moody's also indicated that a downgrade could also be considered if there is a further delay in the completion of our cameron lng project. s&p has indicated that it could downgrade its rating of sempra energy's senior unsecured debt securities within 12 months following october 9, 2017 if we do not complete the merger or if the aggregate indebtedness of our subsidiaries continues to exceed 50 percent of our consolidated debt. moody's also issued a public comment on december 20, 2017 regarding recent wildfires in northern california and ventura county, california indicating that the december 6, 2017 decision issued by the cpuc denying sdg&e's request to recover approximately $379 million of pretax costs associated with the 2007 wildfires (based on the cpuc's finding that sdg&e did not reasonably operate the facilities involved in the wildfires) is credit negative for sdg&e, for sempra energy and for other california utilities seeking to recover costs from wildfires. we discuss the 2007 wildfires further in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
moody's further indicated that it may reassess its view of the california regulatory framework if it determines that the credit supportiveness of california's regulatory environment has weakened (including as a result of the cpuc's discretion in denying recovery of wildfire costs), which would also be credit negative and could lead to a downgrade of the credit ratings of california ious, including sdg&e, or those ratings being placed on negative outlook. also, as described in the preceding risk factor, the tcja could materially adversely affect our credit ratings. the negative outlook by moody's, any downgrade of our credit ratings by s&p, fitch ratings or moody's, or any additional negative outlook on our credit ratings may adversely affect the market price of our common stock, preferred stock and debt securities, and could make it more costly for us to issue debt securities, to borrow under our credit facilities and to raise certain other types of financing. as a result, any additional negative outlook on sempra energy, or any downgrade of sempra energy's credit ratings by s&p, fitch ratings or moody's could be a credit negative for sdg&e or socalgas, or both, and result in a downgrade of the credit ratings of sdg&e or socalgas, or both. the negative outlook or downgrade of sempra energy's credit ratings by s&p, fitch ratings or moody's, or any additional negative outlook on sempra energy's credit ratings may adversely affect the market price of socalgas' preferred stock, and both sdg&e's and socalgas' debt securities, and could make it more costly for sdg&e and socalgas to issue debt securities, to borrow under their credit facilities and to raise other types of financing.
conditions in the financial markets and economic conditions generally may materially adversely affect us.
our businesses are capital intensive and we rely significantly on long-term debt to fund a portion of our capital expenditures and repay outstanding debt, and on short-term borrowings to fund a portion of day-to-day business operations.
limitations on the availability of credit and increases in interest rates or credit spreads may materially adversely affect our businesses, cash flows, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects, as well as our ability to meet contractual and other commitments. in difficult credit market environments, we may find it necessary to fund our operations and capital expenditures at a higher cost or we may be unable to raise as much funding as we need to support new or ongoing business activities. this could cause us to reduce capital expenditures and could increase our cost of servicing debt, both of which could significantly reduce our short-term and long-term profitability.
the availability and cost of credit for our businesses may be greatly affected by credit ratings. if socalgas or sdg&e were to have their credit ratings downgraded, their cash flows, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected, and any downgrades of sempra energy's credit ratings could materially adversely affect the cash flows and results of operations of sempra energy. if the credit ratings of sempra energy or any of its subsidiaries were downgraded, especially below investment grade, financing costs and the principal amount of borrowings would likely increase due to the additional risk of our debt and because certain counterparties may require collateral in the form of cash, a letter of credit or other forms of security for new and existing transactions. such amounts may be material and could adversely affect our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. we discuss our credit ratings further in "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" and also above under "- certain credit rating agencies may downgrade our credit ratings or place those ratings on negative outlook, which may adversely affect the market price of our common stock, preferred stock and debt securities."
sempra energy has substantial investments in mexico and south america which expose us to foreign currency, inflation, legal, tax, economic, geo-political and management oversight risk.
we have significant foreign operations in mexico and south america. our foreign operations pose complex management, foreign currency, inflation, legal, tax and economic risks. certain of these risks differ from and potentially may be greater than those associated with our domestic businesses. all of our international businesses are sensitive to geo-political uncertainties, and our non-utility international businesses are sensitive to changes in the priorities and budgets of international customers, all of which
39
may be driven by changes in their environments and potentially volatile worldwide economic conditions, and various regional and local economic and political factors, risks and uncertainties, as well as u.s. foreign policy. foreign currency exchange and inflation rates and fluctuations in those rates may have an impact on our revenue, costs or cash flows from our international operations, which could materially adversely affect our financial performance. our currency exposures are to the mexican, peruvian and chilean currencies. our mexican subsidiaries have u.s. dollar-denominated monetary assets and liabilities that give rise to mexican currency exchange rate movements for mexican income tax purposes. they also have deferred income tax assets and liabilities, which are significant, denominated in the mexican peso that must be translated to u.s. dollars for financial reporting purposes. in addition, monetary assets and liabilities and certain nonmonetary assets and liabilities are adjusted for mexican inflation for mexican income tax purposes. our primary objective in reducing foreign currency risk is to preserve the economic value of our foreign investments and to reduce earnings volatility that would otherwise occur due to exchange rate fluctuations. we may attempt to offset material cross-currency transactions and earnings exposure through various means, including financial instruments and short-term investments. because we generally do not hedge our net investments in foreign countries, we are susceptible to volatility in oci caused by exchange rate fluctuations, primarily related to our south american subsidiaries, whose functional currency is not the u.s. dollar. we generally do not hedge our deferred income tax assets and liabilities, which makes us susceptible to volatility in income tax expense. we discuss our foreign currency exposure at our mexican subsidiaries in "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" and "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
mexico developed a legal framework for the regulation of the hydrocarbons and electric power sectors based on a package of constitutional amendments approved by the mexican congress in december 2013 and implementing legislation enacted in 2014 and the issuance of new regulations thereunder. we have made significant investments in mexico based on this legal framework and should the legal framework be modified or withdrawn, it may significantly reduce the value of our existing investments, reduce investment opportunities, and impact our decision to make further investments in mexico.
the current u.s. administration indicated its intention to renegotiate trade agreements, such as nafta, and implement u.s. immigration policy changes by reviewing various options, including tariffs, for funding new mexico-u.s. border security infrastructure. such actions could result in changes in the mexican, u.s. and other markets. in addition, if this occurs, the mexican government could implement retaliatory actions, such as the imposition of restrictions or import fees on mexican imports of natural gas from the u.s. or imports and exports of electricity to and from the u.s. any of these actions by either or both governments could adversely affect imports and exports between mexico and the u.s. and negatively impact the u.s. and mexican economies and the companies with whom we conduct business in mexico, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, or prospects.
risks related to all sempra energy subsidiaries severe weather conditions, natural disasters, accidents, equipment failures, explosions or acts of terrorism could materially adversely affect our businesses, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects.
like other major industrial facilities, ours may be damaged by severe weather conditions, natural disasters such as earthquakes, hurricanes, tsunamis, floods, mudslides and fires, accidents, equipment failures, explosions or acts of terrorism. because we are in the business of using, storing, transporting and disposing of highly flammable and explosive materials, as well as radioactive materials, and operating highly energized equipment, the risks such incidents may pose to our facilities and infrastructure, as well as the risks to the surrounding communities, are substantially greater than the risks such incidents may pose to a typical business. the facilities and infrastructure that we own or in which we have interests that may be subject to such incidents include, but are not limited to:
▪   natural gas, propane and ethane pipelines, storage and compressor facilities;
▪   electric transmission and distribution;
▪   power generation plants, including renewable energy and natural gas-fired generation;
▪   marine and inland liquid fuels, lng and lpg terminals and storage;
▪   nuclear fuel and nuclear waste storage facilities; and
▪   nuclear power facilities (currently being decommissioned).
such incidents could result in severe business disruptions, prolonged power outages, property damage, injuries or loss of life, significant decreases in revenues and earnings, and/or significant additional costs to us. such incidents that do not directly affect our facilities may impact our business partners, supply chains and transportation, which could negatively impact construction projects and our ability to provide natural gas and electricity to our customers. any such incident could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects.
40
depending on the nature and location of the facilities and infrastructure affected, any such incident also could cause catastrophic fires; natural gas, natural gas odorant, propane or ethane leaks; releases of other greenhouse gases; radioactive releases; explosions, spills or other significant damage to natural resources or property belonging to third parties; personal injuries, health impacts or fatalities; or present a nuisance to impacted communities. any of these consequences could lead to significant claims against us. in some cases, we may be liable for damages even though we are not at fault, such as in cases where the doctrine of inverse condemnation applies. we discuss how the application of this doctrine in california has impacted sdg&e's ability to recover certain costs associated with the 2007 wildfires in sdg&e's territory and the proceedings related thereto in "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - factors influencing future performance," in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements and below under "risks related to the california utilities - insurance coverage for future wildfires may be unobtainable, prohibitively expensive, or insufficient to cover losses we may incur, and we may be unable to recover costs in excess of insurance through regulatory mechanisms." insurance coverage may significantly increase in cost or become prohibitively expensive, may be disputed by the insurers, or may become unavailable for certain of these risks or at sufficient levels, and any insurance proceeds we receive may be insufficient to cover our losses or liabilities due to the existence of limitations, exclusions, high deductibles, failure to comply with procedural requirements, and other factors, which could materially adversely affect our businesses, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects. in addition, any inability to recover uninsured costs associated with wildfires, or the perception that such costs may not be recoverable, could materially adversely affect the trading prices of our common stock, preferred stock and debt securities.
severe weather conditions may also impact our businesses, including our international operations. frequent drought conditions and unseasonably warm temperatures have increased the degree and prevalence of wildfires in california including in sdg&e's and socalgas' service territories, which could place third party property and our electric and natural gas infrastructure in jeopardy and reduce the availability of hydroelectric generators, which could result in temporary power shortages in sdg&e's and socalgas' service territories. in addition, severe weather conditions could result in delays and/or cost increases to our capital projects.
additionally, severe rainstorms and associated high winds, as well as flooding and mudslides where vegetation has been destroyed as result of human modification or wildfires, along the coastal areas in our service territories could damage our electric and natural gas infrastructure, resulting in increased expenses, including higher maintenance and repair costs, and interruptions in electricity and natural gas delivery services. as a result, these events can have significant financial consequences, including regulatory penalties and disallowances if the california utilities or our utilities in mexico or south america encounter difficulties in restoring service to their customers on a timely basis. further, the cost of storm restoration efforts may not be fully recoverable through the regulatory process. any such events could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our businesses are subject to complex government regulations and tax requirements and may be materially adversely affected by changes in these regulations or requirements or in their interpretation or implementation.
in recent years, the regulatory environment that applies to the electric power and natural gas industries has undergone significant changes, on the federal, state and local levels. these changes have affected the nature of these industries and the manner in which their participants conduct their businesses. these changes are ongoing, and we cannot predict the future course of changes in this regulatory environment or the ultimate effect that this changing regulatory environment will have on our businesses. moreover, existing regulations, laws and tariffs may be revised or reinterpreted, and new regulations, laws and tariffs may be adopted or become applicable to us and our facilities. special tariffs may also be imposed on components used in our businesses that could increase costs.
our businesses are subject to increasingly complex accounting and tax requirements, and the regulations, laws and tariffs that affect us may change in response to economic or political conditions. compliance with these requirements could increase our operating costs. in addition to the tcja described above, any new tax legislation, regulations or other interpretations in the u.s. and other countries in which we operate could materially adversely affect our tax expense and/or tax balances, and changes in tax policies could materially adversely impact our business. changes in regulations, laws and tariffs and how they are implemented and interpreted may have a material adverse effect on our businesses, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects.
our operations are subject to rules relating to transactions among the california utilities and other sempra energy businesses. these rules are commonly referred to as "affiliate rules," which primarily impact commodity and commodity-related transactions. these businesses could be materially adversely affected by changes in these rules or to their interpretations, or by additional cpuc or ferc rules that further restrict our ability to sell electricity or natural gas to, or to trade with, the california utilities and with each other. affiliate rules also restrict these businesses from entering into any such transactions with the california
41
utilities. any such restrictions on or approval requirements for transactions among affiliates could materially adversely affect the lng terminals, natural gas pipelines, electric generation facilities, or other operations of our subsidiaries, which could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, results of operations and/or prospects.
our businesses require numerous permits, licenses, franchise agreements, and other governmental approvals from various federal, state, local and foreign governmental agencies; any failure to obtain or maintain required permits, licenses or approvals could cause our sales to materially decline and/or our costs to materially increase, and otherwise materially adversely affect our businesses, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects.
all of our existing and planned development projects require multiple approvals. the acquisition, construction, ownership and operation of marine and inland liquid fuels, lng and lpg terminals and storage; natural gas pipelines and distribution and storage facilities; electric generation, transmission and distribution facilities; and propane and ethane systems require numerous permits, licenses, franchise agreements, certificates and other approvals from federal, state, local and foreign governmental agencies. once received, approvals may be subject to litigation, and projects may be delayed or approvals reversed or modified in litigation. in addition, permits, licenses, franchise agreements, certificates, and other approvals may be modified, rescinded or fail to be extended by one or more of the governmental agencies and authorities that oversee our businesses. socalgas' franchise agreements with los angeles county and the city of los angeles, where the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility is located, are due to expire in 2018 and 2019, respectively. if there is a delay in obtaining required regulatory approvals or failure to obtain or maintain required approvals or to comply with applicable laws or regulations, we may be precluded from constructing or operating facilities, or we may be forced to incur additional costs. further, accidents beyond our control may cause us to violate the terms of conditional use permits, causing delays in projects. any such delay or failure to obtain or maintain necessary permits, licenses, certificates and other approvals could cause our sales to materially decline, and/or our costs to materially increase, and otherwise materially adversely affect our businesses, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects.
our businesses have significant environmental compliance costs, and future environmental compliance costs could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows and results of operations.
our businesses are subject to extensive federal, state, local and foreign statutes, rules and regulations and mandates relating to environmental protection, including, air quality, water quality and usage, wastewater discharge, solid waste management, hazardous waste disposal and remediation, conservation of natural resources, wetlands and wildlife, renewable energy resources, climate change and ghg emissions. we are required to obtain numerous governmental permits, licenses, certificates and other approvals to construct and operate our businesses. additionally, to comply with these legal requirements, we must spend significant amounts on environmental monitoring, pollution control equipment, mitigation costs and emissions fees. the california utilities may be materially adversely affected if these additional costs for projects are not recoverable in rates. in addition, we may be ultimately responsible for all on-site liabilities associated with the environmental condition of our marine and inland liquid fuels, lng and lpg terminals and storage; natural gas transmission, distribution and storage facilities; electric generation, transmission and distribution facilities; and other energy projects and properties; regardless of when the liabilities arose and whether they are known or unknown, which exposes us to risks arising from contamination at our former or existing facilities or with respect to offsite waste disposal sites that have been used in our operations. in the case of our california and other regulated utilities, some of these costs may not be recoverable in rates. our facilities, including those in our joint ventures, are subject to laws and regulations protecting migratory birds, which have been the subject of increased enforcement activity with respect to wind farms. failure to comply with applicable environmental laws, regulations and permits may subject our businesses to substantial penalties and fines and/or significant curtailments of our operations, which could materially adversely affect our cash flows and/or results of operations.
increasing international, national, regional and state-level environmental concerns as well as related new or proposed legislation and regulation may have substantial negative effects on our operations, operating costs, and the scope and economics of proposed expansions, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects. in particular, state-level laws and regulations, as well as proposed state, national and international legislation and regulation relating to the control and reduction of ghg emissions, may materially limit or otherwise materially adversely affect our operations. the implementation of recent and proposed california legislation and regulation may materially adversely affect our non-utility businesses by imposing, among other things, additional costs associated with emission limits, controls and the possible requirement of carbon taxes or the purchase of emissions credits. similarly, california sb 350 requires all load-serving entities, including sdg&e, to file integrated resource plans that will ultimately enable the electric sector to achieve reductions in ghg emissions of 40 percent compared to 1990 levels by 2030. our california utilities may be materially adversely affected if these additional costs are not recoverable in rates. even if recoverable, the effects of existing and proposed ghg emission reduction standards may cause rates to increase to levels that substantially reduce customer demand and growth and may have a material adverse effect on the california utilities' cash flows. sdg&e may also be subject to significant penalties and fines if certain mandated renewable energy goals are not met.
42
in addition, existing and future laws, orders and regulations regarding mercury, nitrogen and sulfur oxides, particulates, methane or other emissions could result in requirements for additional monitoring, pollution monitoring and control equipment, safety practices or emission fees, taxes or penalties that could materially adversely affect our results of operations and/or cash flows. moreover, existing rules and regulations may be interpreted or revised in ways that may materially adversely affect our results of operations and/or cash flows.
we provide further discussion of these matters in "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" and in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows may be materially adversely affected by the outcome of litigation against us.
sempra energy and its subsidiaries are defendants in numerous lawsuits and arbitration proceedings. we have spent, and continue to spend, substantial amounts of money and time defending these lawsuits and proceedings, and in related investigations and regulatory proceedings. we discuss pending proceedings in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements and in "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations." the uncertainties inherent in lawsuits, arbitrations and other legal proceedings make it difficult to estimate with any degree of certainty the costs and effects of resolving these matters. in addition, juries have demonstrated a willingness to grant large awards, including punitive damages, in personal injury, product liability, property damage and other claims. accordingly, actual costs incurred may differ materially from insured or reserved amounts and may not be recoverable in whole or in part by insurance or in rates from our customers, which in each case could materially adversely affect our businesses, cash flows, results of operations and/or financial condition.
we cannot and do not attempt to fully hedge our assets or contract positions against changes in commodity prices. in addition, for those contract positions that are hedged, our hedging procedures may not mitigate our risk as planned.
to reduce financial exposure related to commodity price fluctuations, we may enter into contracts to hedge our known or anticipated purchase and sale commitments, inventories of natural gas and lng, natural gas storage and pipeline capacity and electric generation capacity. as part of this strategy, we may use forward contracts, physical purchase and sales contracts, futures, financial swaps, and options. we do not hedge the entire exposure to market price volatility of our assets or our contract positions, and the coverage will vary over time. to the extent we have unhedged positions, or if our hedging strategies do not work as planned, fluctuating commodity prices could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and/or financial condition. certain of the contracts we use for hedging purposes are subject to fair value accounting. such accounting may result in gains or losses in earnings for those contracts. in certain cases, these gains or losses may not reflect the associated losses or gains of the underlying position being hedged.
risk management procedures may not prevent losses.
although we have in place risk management and control systems that use advanced methodologies to quantify and manage risk, these systems may not prevent material losses. risk management procedures may not always be followed as intended by our businesses or may not work as planned. in addition, daily value-at-risk and loss limits are based on historic price movements. if prices significantly or persistently deviate from historic prices, the limits may not protect us from significant losses. as a result of these and other factors, there is no assurance that our risk management procedures will prevent losses that would materially adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and/or financial condition.
the operation of our facilities depends on good labor relations with our employees.
several of our businesses have entered into and have in place collective bargaining agreements with different labor unions. our collective bargaining agreements are generally negotiated on a company-by-company basis. any failure to reach an agreement on new labor contracts or to negotiate these labor contracts might result in strikes, boycotts or other labor disruptions. labor disruptions, strikes or significant negotiated wage and benefit increases, whether due to union activities, employee turnover or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, results of operations and/or cash flows.
new business technologies implemented by us or developed by others present a risk for increased attacks on our information systems and the integrity of our energy grid and our natural gas pipeline and storage infrastructure.
in addition to general information and cyber risks that all fortune 500 corporations face (e.g. malware, malicious intent by insiders and inadvertent disclosure of sensitive information), the utility industry faces evolving cybersecurity risks associated with protecting sensitive and confidential customer information, smart grid infrastructure, and natural gas pipeline and storage infrastructure. deployment of new business technologies represents a new and large-scale opportunity for attacks on our information systems and confidential customer information, as well as on the integrity of the energy grid and the natural gas infrastructure. while our computer systems have been, and will likely continue to be, subjected to computer viruses or other malware, unauthorized access attempts, and cyber- or phishing-attacks, to date we have not detected a material breach of
43
cybersecurity. addressing these risks is the subject of significant ongoing activities across sempra energy's businesses, but we cannot assure that a successful attack has not occurred and will not occur. an attack on our information systems, the integrity of the energy grid, our natural gas, ethane, or propane pipeline and storage infrastructure or one of our facilities, or unauthorized access to confidential customer information, could result in energy delivery service failures, financial loss, violations of privacy laws, customer dissatisfaction and litigation, any of which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects.
in the ordinary course of business, sempra energy and its subsidiaries collect and retain sensitive information, including personal identification information about customers and employees, customer energy usage and other information. the theft, damage or improper disclosure of sensitive electronic data can subject us to penalties for violation of applicable privacy laws, subject us to claims from third parties, require compliance with notification and monitoring regulations, and harm our reputation.
further, as seen with recent cyber-attacks around the world, the goal of a cyber-attack may be primarily to inflict large-scale harm on a company and the places where it operates. any such cyber-attack could cause widespread disruptions to our operating, financial and administrative systems, including the destruction of critical information and programming that could materially adversely affect our business operations and the integrity of the power grid, negatively impact our ability to produce accurate and timely financial statements or comply with ongoing disclosure obligations or other regulatory requirements, and/or release confidential information about our company and our customers, employees and other constituents, any of which could lead to sanctions or negatively affect the general perception of our business in the financial markets and which could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects.
our businesses will need to continue to adapt to technological change which may cause us to incur significant expenditures to adapt to these changes and which efforts may not be successful or such expenditures may not be recovered.
emerging technologies may be superior to, or may not be compatible with, some of our existing technologies, investments and infrastructure, and may require us to make significant expenditures to remain competitive, or may result in the obsolescence of certain of our operating assets or the operating assets of our investees. our future success will depend, in part, on our ability and our investment partners' abilities to anticipate and successfully adapt to technological changes, to offer services that meet customer demands and evolving industry standards and to recover all, or a significant portion of, any unrecovered investment in obsolete assets. if we incur significant expenditures in adapting to technological changes, fail to adapt to significant technological changes, fail to obtain access to important new technologies, fail to recover a significant portion of any remaining investment in obsolete assets, or if implemented technology fails to operate as intended, our businesses, operating results and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. examples of technological changes that could negatively impact our businesses include
▪   sempra utilities - technologies that could change the utilization of natural gas distribution and electric generation, transmission and distribution assets, including:
◦   the expanded cost-effective utilization of distributed generation (e.g., rooftop solar and community solar projects), and
◦   energy storage technology.
▪   sempra infrastructure
◦   at sempra renewables, technological advances in distributed and local power generation and energy storage could reduce the demand for large-scale renewable electricity generation. sempra renewables' customers' ability to perform under long-term agreements could be impacted by changes in utility rate structures and advances in distributed and local power generation.
◦   at sempra lng &amp; midstream, technological advances could reduce the demand for natural gas. these technologies include cost-effective batteries for renewable electricity generation, economic improvements to gas-to-liquids conversion processes, and advances in alternative fuels and other alternative energy sources.
risks related to the california utilities the california utilities are subject to extensive regulation by state, federal and local legislative and regulatory authorities, which may materially adversely affect us.
the cpuc regulates the california utilities' rates, except sdg&e's electric transmission rates which are regulated by the ferc. the cpuc also regulates the california utilities':
▪   conditions of service;
▪   capital structure;
▪   rates of return;
44
▪   rates of depreciation;
▪   long-term resource procurement; and
▪   sales of securities.
the cpuc conducts various reviews and audits of utility performance, safety standards and practices, compliance with cpuc regulations and standards, affiliate relationships and other matters. these reviews and audits may result in disallowances, fines and penalties that could materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows. socalgas and sdg&e may be subject to penalties or fines related to their operation of natural gas pipelines and storage and, for sdg&e, electric operations, under regulations concerning natural gas pipeline safety and citation programs concerning both gas and electric safety, which could have a material adverse effect on their results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows. we discuss various cpuc proceedings relating to the california utilities' rates, costs, incentive mechanisms, and performance-based regulation in notes 13, 14 and 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements and in "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations."
the cpuc periodically approves the california utilities' rates based on authorized capital expenditures, operating costs, including income taxes, and an authorized rate of return on investment. delays by the cpuc on decisions authorizing recovery, after-the-fact reasonableness reviews with unclear standards or authorizations for less than full recovery may adversely affect the working capital, cash flows and financial condition of each of the california utilities. if the california utilities receive an adverse cpuc decision and/or actual capital expenditures and/or operating costs were to exceed the amounts approved by the cpuc, our results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and/or prospects could be materially adversely affected. reductions in key benchmark interest rates may trigger automatic adjustment mechanisms which would reduce the california utilities' authorized rates of return, changes in which could materially adversely affect their results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and/or prospects.
socalgas and sdg&e have significantly invested and continue to invest in major programs, such as psep, under an approved cpuc decision tree framework. however, the total investment to date is substantially subject to cpuc reasonableness review. although we believe these costs have been prudently incurred, the standards applied by the cpuc could result in the disallowance of certain of these historical costs, which could adversely affect sdg&e's, socalgas' and sempra energy's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
the cpuc now incorporates a risk-based decision-making framework in its review of grc applications for major natural gas and electric utilities in california. we cannot estimate whether its application in the 2019 grc or future grc applications will result in full recovery of costs. we discuss this further in note 14 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
in california, there are laws that establish rules governing, among other subjects, communications between cpuc officials, cpuc staff and regulated utilities. rules and processes around ex parte communications could result in delayed decisions, increased investigations, enforcement actions and penalties. in addition, the cpuc or other parties may initiate investigations of past communications between public utilities and cpuc officials and staff that could result in reopening completed proceedings for reconsideration.
the ferc regulates electric transmission rates, the transmission and wholesale sales of electricity in interstate commerce, transmission access, the rates of return on investments in electric transmission assets, and other similar matters involving sdg&e.
the california utilities may be materially adversely affected by new legislation, regulations, decisions, orders or interpretations of the cpuc, the ferc or other regulatory bodies. in addition, existing legislation or regulations may be revised or reinterpreted. new, revised or reinterpreted legislation, regulations, decisions, orders or interpretations could change how the california utilities operate, could affect their ability to recover various costs through rates or adjustment mechanisms, or could require them to incur substantial additional expenses.
the construction and expansion of the california utilities' natural gas pipelines, socalgas' storage facilities, and sdg&e's electric transmission and distribution facilities require numerous permits, licenses, rights-of-way and other approvals from federal, state and local governmental agencies, including approvals and renewals of rights-of-way over native american tribal land held in trust by the federal government. successfully maintaining or renewing any or all of these approvals could result in higher costs or, in the event one or more of these approvals were to expire, could require us to remove the associated assets from service, construct new assets intended to bypass the impacted area, or both, and our ability to recover higher costs associated with these events cannot be assured. if there are delays in obtaining these approvals, failure to obtain or maintain these approvals, difficulties in renewing rights-of-way and other property rights, or failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, the california utilities' businesses, cash flows, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects could be adversely affected.
45
successfully coordinating and completing expansion and construction projects requires good execution from our employees and contractors, cooperation of third parties and the absence of litigation and regulatory delay. in the event that one or more of these projects is delayed or experiences significant cost overruns, this could have a material adverse effect on the california utilities. the california utilities may invest a significant amount of money in a major capital project prior to receiving regulatory approval. if the project does not receive regulatory approval, if the regulatory approval is conditioned on major changes, or if management decides not to proceed with the project, they may be unable to recover any or all amounts invested in that project, which could materially adversely affect their financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects.
our california utilities are also affected by the activities of organizations such as turn, utility consumers' action network, sierra club and other stakeholder, advocacy and activist groups. operations that may be influenced by these groups include
▪   the rates charged to our customers;
▪   our ability to site and construct new facilities;
▪   our ability to purchase or construct generating facilities;
▪   our ability to shut down power for safety reasons, including potentially dangerous wildfire conditions;
▪   general safety;
▪   accounting and income tax matters, including changes in tax law;
▪   transactions between affiliates;
▪   the installation of environmental emission controls equipment;
▪   our ability to decommission generating and other facilities and recover the remaining carrying value of such facilities and related costs;
▪   our ability to recover costs incurred in connection with nuclear decommissioning activities from trust funds established to pay for such costs;
▪   the amount of certain sources of energy we must use, such as renewable sources; limits on the amount of certain energy sources we can use, such as natural gas; and programs to encourage reductions in energy usage by customers; and
▪   the amount of costs associated with these and other operations that may be recovered from customers.
socalgas has incurred and may continue to incur significant costs and expenses related to remediating the natural gas leak at its aliso canyon natural gas storage facility and to mitigate local community and environmental impacts from the leak, some or a substantial portion of which may not be recoverable through insurance, and socalgas also may incur significant liabilities for damages, restitution, fines, penalties and other costs, and ghg mitigation activities as a result of this incident, some or a significant portion of which may not be recoverable through insurance.
in october 2015, socalgas discovered a leak at one of its injection-and-withdrawal wells, ss25, at its aliso canyon natural gas storage facility (the leak), located in the northern part of the san fernando valley in los angeles county, california. the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility has been operated by socalgas since 1972. ss25 is one of more than 100 injection-and-withdrawal wells at the storage facility. socalgas worked closely with several of the world's leading experts to stop the leak, and in february 2016, doggr confirmed that the well was permanently sealed.
local community mitigation efforts pursuant to a stipulation and order by the la superior court, socalgas provided temporary relocation support to residents in the nearby community who requested it before the well was permanently sealed, at significant cost to socalgas. following the permanent sealing of the well and the completion of the dph's indoor testing of certain homes in the porter ranch community, which concluded that indoor conditions did not present a long-term health risk and that it was safe for residents to return home, the la superior court issued an order in may 2016 ruling that currently relocated residents be given the choice to request residence cleaning prior to returning home, with such cleaning to be performed according to the dph's proposed protocol and at socalgas' expense. socalgas completed the cleaning program, and the relocation program ended in july 2016.
in may 2016, the dph also issued a directive that socalgas professionally clean (in accordance with the proposed protocol prepared by the dph) the homes of all residents located within the porter ranch neighborhood council boundary, or who participated in the relocation program, or who are located within a five-mile radius of the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility and have experienced symptoms from the leak (the directive). socalgas disputes the directive, contending that it is invalid and unenforceable, and has filed a petition for writ of mandate to set aside the directive.
the costs incurred to remediate and stop the leak and to mitigate local community impacts have been significant and may increase, and we may be subject to potentially significant damages, restitution, and civil, administrative and criminal fines, penalties and other costs. to the extent any of these costs are not covered by insurance (including any costs in excess of
46
applicable policy limits), or if there were to be significant delays in receiving insurance recoveries, such costs could have a material adverse effect on socalgas' and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
insurance and estimated costs excluding directors' and officers' liability insurance, we have four kinds of insurance policies that together provide between $1.2 billion and $1.4 billion in insurance coverage, depending on the nature of the claims. these policies are subject to various policy limits, exclusions and conditions. we intend to pursue the full extent of our insurance coverage for the costs we have incurred or may incur. through december 31, 2017, we have received $469 million of insurance proceeds for portions of control-of-well expenses, lost gas and temporary relocation costs. there can be no assurance that we will be successful in obtaining additional insurance recovery for costs related to the leak under the applicable policies, and to the extent we are not successful in obtaining additional recovery or these costs exceed the amount of our coverage, such costs could have a material adverse effect on socalgas' and sempra energy's cash flows, financial conditions and results of operations.
at december 31, 2017, socalgas estimates that its costs related to the leak are $913 million, which includes $887 million of costs recovered or probable of recovery from insurance. this estimate may rise significantly as more information becomes available. in addition, costs not included in the cost estimate of $913 million could be material. as described in "governmental investigations and civil and criminal litigation" below, the actions against us seek compensatory and punitive damages, restitution, and civil, administrative and criminal fines, penalties and other costs, which except for the amounts paid or estimated to settle certain actions, are not included in the $913 million cost estimate as it is not possible at this time to predict the outcome of these actions or reasonably estimate the amount of damages, restitution or civil, administrative or criminal fines, penalties or other costs. the recorded amounts above also do not include costs to clean additional homes pursuant to the directive, future legal costs to defend litigation, and other potential costs that we currently do not anticipate incurring or that we cannot reasonably estimate. furthermore, the cost estimate of $913 million does not include certain other costs expensed by sempra energy through december 31, 2017 associated with defending shareholder derivative lawsuits. there can be no assurance that we will be successful in obtaining insurance coverage for these costs under the applicable policies, and to the extent we are not successful in obtaining coverage or these costs exceed the amount of our coverage, such costs could have a material adverse effect on socalgas' and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
governmental investigations and civil and criminal litigation various governmental agencies, including doggr, dph, scaqmd, carb, los angeles regional water quality control board, california division of occupational safety and health, cpuc, phmsa, epa, los angeles county district attorney's office and california attorney general's office, have investigated or are investigating this incident. other federal agencies (e.g., the doe and u.s. department of the interior) investigated the incident as part of a joint interagency task force. in january 2016, doggr and the cpuc selected blade energy partners to conduct, under their supervision, an independent analysis of the technical root cause of the leak, to be funded by socalgas. the timing of completion of the root cause analysis is under the control of blade energy partners, doggr and the cpuc.
as of february 22, 2018, 373 lawsuits, including over 45,000 plaintiffs, are pending in the la superior court against socalgas, some of which have also named sempra energy.
these various lawsuits have been coordinated before a single court and will be managed under a second amended master complaint for individual actions, and two consolidated class action complaints. in addition, a federal securities class action alleging violation of the federal securities laws has been filed against sempra energy and certain of its officers and directors in the sdca. five shareholder derivative actions alleging breach of fiduciary duties have been filed against certain officers and directors of sempra energy and/or socalgas, four of which were joined in a consolidated shareholder derivative complaint in august 2017. three complaints have also been filed by public entities, including the california attorney general and the county of los angeles. these complaints seek various remedies, including injunctive relief, abatement of the public nuisance, civil penalties, payment of the cost of a longitudinal health study, and money damages, as well as punitive damages and attorneys' fees. additional litigation may be filed against us in the future related to the leak or our responses thereto. for a more detailed description of the governmental investigations and civil and criminal lawsuits brought against us, see note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
the costs of defending against the civil and criminal lawsuits, cooperating with the various investigations, and any damages, restitution, and civil, administrative and criminal fines, penalties and other costs, if awarded or imposed, as well as the costs of mitigating the actual natural gas released, could be significant and to the extent not covered by insurance (including any costs in excess of applicable policy limits), or if there were to be significant delays in receiving insurance recoveries, such costs could have a material adverse effect on socalgas' and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
47
regulatory proceedings in february 2017, the cpuc opened a proceeding pursuant to sb 380 to determine the feasibility of minimizing or eliminating the use of the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility while still maintaining energy and electric reliability for the region. the order establishing the scope of the proceeding expressly excludes issues with respect to air quality, public health, causation, culpability or cost responsibility regarding the leak.
section 455.5 of the california public utilities code, among other things, directs regulated utilities to notify the cpuc if all or any portion of a major facility has been out of service for nine consecutive months. although socalgas does not believe the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility or any portion of that facility was out of service for nine consecutive months, socalgas provided notification out of an abundance of caution to demonstrate its commitment to regulatory compliance and transparency, and because obtaining authorization to resume injection operations at the facility required more time than initially contemplated. in response, and as required by section 455.5, the cpuc issued an oii to address whether the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility or any portion of that facility was out of service for nine consecutive months within the meaning of section 455.5, and if so, whether the cpuc should disallow costs for such period from socalgas' rates. under section 455.5, hearings on the investigation are to be held, if necessary, in conjunction with socalgas' 2019 grc proceeding. if the cpuc determines that all or any portion of the facility was out of service for nine consecutive months, the amount of any refund to ratepayers and the inability to earn a return on those assets could have a material adverse effect on socalgas' and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
governmental orders and additional regulation in december 2015, socalgas made a commitment to mitigate the actual natural gas released from the leak and has been working on a plan to accomplish the mitigation. in march 2016, the carb issued its recommended approach to achieve full mitigation of the emissions from the leak, which includes recommendations that:
▪   reductions in short-lived climate pollutants and other greenhouse gases be at least equivalent to the amount of the emissions from the leak,
▪   a 20-year global warming potential be used in deriving the amount of reductions required (rather than the 100-year term the carb and other state and federal agencies use in regulating emissions), and
▪   all of the mitigation occur in california over the next five to ten years without the use of allowances or offsets.
in october 2016, carb issued its final report concluding that the incident resulted in total emissions from 90,350 to 108,950 metric tons of methane, and asserting that socalgas should mitigate 109,000 metric tons of methane to fully mitigate the greenhouse gas impacts of the leak. although we have not agreed with carb's estimate of methane released, we continue to work with carb on developing a mitigation plan.
phmsa, doggr, scaqmd, epa and carb have each commenced separate rulemaking proceedings to adopt further regulations covering natural gas storage facilities and injection wells. doggr has issued new draft regulations for all storage fields in california, and in 2016, the california legislature enacted four separate bills providing for additional regulation of natural gas storage facilities. additional hearings in the california legislature, as well as with various other federal and state regulatory agencies, may be scheduled, and additional laws, orders, rules and regulations may be adopted.
higher operating costs and additional capital expenditures incurred by socalgas as a result of new laws, orders, rules and regulations arising out of this incident or our responses thereto could be significant and may not be recoverable through insurance or in customer rates, and socalgas' and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected by any such new laws, orders, rules and regulations.
natural gas storage operations and reliability natural gas withdrawn from storage is important for service reliability during peak demand periods, including peak electric generation needs in the summer and heating needs in the winter. the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility, with a storage capacity of 86 bcf (which represents 63 percent of socalgas' natural gas storage inventory capacity), is the largest socalgas storage facility and an important element of socalgas' delivery system. beginning october 24, 2015, pursuant to orders by doggr and the governor of the state of california, and sb 380, socalgas suspended injection of natural gas into the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility. limited withdrawals of natural gas from the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility were made in 2017 to augment natural gas supplies during critical demand periods. in july 2017, doggr issued an order lifting the prohibition on injection at aliso canyon, subject to certain operational requirements, and socalgas resumed limited injections.
if the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility were to be taken out of service for any meaningful period of time, it could result in an impairment of the facility, significantly higher than expected operating costs and/or additional capital expenditures, and natural gas reliability and electric generation could be jeopardized. at december 31, 2017, the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility
48
has a net book value of $644 million, including $252 million of construction work in progress for the project to construct a new compressor station. any significant impairment of this asset could have a material adverse effect on socalgas' and sempra energy's results of operations for the period in which it is recorded. higher operating costs and additional capital expenditures incurred by socalgas may not be recoverable in customer rates, and socalgas' and sempra energy's results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be materially adversely affected.
additional information we discuss aliso canyon natural gas storage facility matters further in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements and in "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - factors influencing future performance."
natural gas pipeline safety assessments may not be fully or adequately recovered in rates.
pending the outcome of various regulatory agency evaluations of natural gas pipeline safety regulations, practices and procedures, sempra energy, including the california utilities, may incur incremental expense and capital investment associated with their natural gas pipeline operations and investments. the california utilities filed implementation plans with the cpuc to test or replace natural gas transmission pipelines located in populated areas that either have not been pressure tested or lack sufficient documentation of a pressure test, to enhance existing valve infrastructure and to retrofit pipelines to allow for the use of in-line inspection technology, referred to as socalgas' and sdg&e's psep.
in june 2014, the cpuc issued a final decision approving the utilities' plan for implementing psep, and established criteria to determine the amounts related to psep that may be recovered from ratepayers and the processes for recovery of such amounts, including providing that such costs are subject to a reasonableness review. in the future, certain psep costs may be subject to recovery as determined by separate regulatory filings with the cpuc, including grc filings.
various psep-related proceedings are regularly pending before the cpuc regarding the california utilities' reasonableness review and cost recovery requests, which are often challenged by intervening parties. these proceedings are described in more detail in "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - factors influencing future performance." in the future, consumer advocacy groups may similarly challenge the california utilities' petitions for recovery and recommend disallowances in whole or in part with respect to applications to recover psep costs.
from 2011 through 2017, socalgas and sdg&e have invested approximately $1.3 billion and $355 million, respectively, in psep, with substantial additional expenditures planned. as of december 31, 2017, socalgas has received approval for recovery of $33 million. if the cpuc denies or significantly delays rate recovery for psep and other gas pipeline safety costs incurred by socalgas and sdg&e, it could materially adversely affect the respective company's cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
the california utilities are subject to increasingly stringent safety standards and the potential for significant penalties if regulators deem either sdg&e or socalgas to be out of compliance.
california sb 291 requires the cpuc to develop and maintain a safety enforcement program that includes procedures for monitoring, data tracking and analysis, and investigations, and delegates citation authority to cpuc staff personnel under the direction of the cpuc executive director. in exercising this citation authority, the cpuc staff is to take into account voluntary reporting of potential violations, voluntary resolution efforts undertaken, prior history of violations, the gravity of the violation, and the degree of culpability. the cpuc previously implemented both electric and gas safety enforcement programs whereby electric and gas utilities may be cited by cpuc staff for violations of the cpuc's safety requirements or applicable federal standards.
under each enforcement program, each day of an ongoing violation may be counted as an additional offense. the maximum penalty is $50,000 per offense. cpuc staff has authority to issue citations up to an administrative limit of $8 million per citation under either program and such citations may be appealed to the cpuc. although citations issued under these enforcement programs do include an administrative limit, penalties issued by the cpuc can exceed this limit, having exceeded $1.5 billion in one instance for an unrelated third party.
if the cpuc or its staff determine that either of sdg&e's or socalgas' operations and practices are not in compliance with applicable safety standards and operating procedures, the corrective or mitigation actions required to be in conformance, if not sufficiently funded in customer rates, and any penalties imposed, could materially adversely affect that company's cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
49
the failure by the cpuc to continue reforms of sdg&e's rate structure, including the implementation of a more significant fixed charge, could have a material adverse effect on its business, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects.
the current electric rate structure in california is primarily based on consumption volume, which places an undue burden on residential customers with higher electric use while subsidizing lower use customers. as higher electric use residential customers switch to self-generation or obtain local off-the-grid sources of power, such as rooftop solar, the burden on the remaining higher electric use customers increases, which in turn encourages more self-generation, further increasing rate pressure on existing customers. in july 2015, the cpuc adopted a decision that establishes comprehensive reform and a framework for rates that are more transparent, fair and sustainable. the decision provides for a minimum monthly bill, fewer rate tiers and a gradual reduction in the differences between the tiered rates, directs the utilities to pursue expanded tou rates, and implemented a super-user electric surcharge in 2017 for usage that exceeds average customer usage by approximately 400 percent within each climate zone. the decision is being implemented over a five-year period from 2015 to 2020, and should result in significant relief for higher-use customers that do not exceed the super-user threshold and a rate structure that better aligns rates with actual costs to serve customers. the decision also establishes a process for utilities to seek implementation of a fixed charge for residential customers in 2020 (but it also sets certain conditions for the implementation of a fixed charge), after the initial reforms are implemented. the establishment of a fixed charge for residential customers may become more critical to help ensure rates are fair for all customers as distributed energy resources could generally reduce delivered volumes and increase fixed costs.
if the cpuc fails to continue to reform sdg&e's rate structure to maintain reasonable, cost-based electric rates that are competitive with alternative sources of power and adequate to maintain the reliability of the electric transmission and distribution system, such failure could have a material adverse effect on sdg&e's business, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects.
meaningful nem reform must continue to progress to ensure that sdg&e is authorized to recover its costs in providing services to nem customers while minimizing the cost shift (or subsidy) being borne by non-solar customers.
due to current rate structures and state policies, customers who self-generate their own electricity using eligible renewable resources (primarily solar installations) currently do not pay their proportionate cost of maintaining and operating the electric transmission and distribution system, subject to certain limitations, while they still receive electricity from the system when their self-generation is inadequate to meet their electricity needs. the proportionate costs not paid by nem customers are therefore subsidized by consumers not participating in nem. in addition, the continuing increase of self-generated solar, other forms of self-generation and other local off-the-grid sources of power adversely impacts the reliability of the electric transmission and distribution system.
appropriate nem reforms are necessary to help ensure that sdg&e is authorized to recover, from nem customers, the costs incurred in providing grid and energy services, as well as mandated legislative and regulatory public policy programs. sdg&e believes this design would be preferable to recovering these costs from customers not participating in nem. if nem self-generating installations were to increase substantially between 2016 and when more significant reforms take effect in 2019 or later, as described below, the rate structure adopted by the cpuc could have a material adverse effect on sdg&e's business, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects.
in july 2014, the cpuc initiated a rulemaking proceeding to develop a successor tariff to the state's existing nem program pursuant to the provisions of ab 327. the nem program was originally established in 1995 and is an electric billing tariff mechanism designed to promote the installation of on-site renewable generation. under nem, qualifying customer-generators receive a full retail rate for the energy they generate that is fed back to the utility's power grid. this occurs during times when the customer's generation exceeds their own energy usage. in addition, if a nem customer generates any electricity over the annual measurement period that exceeds its annual consumption, they receive compensation at a rate equal to a wholesale energy price.
in january 2016, the cpuc adopted a decision making modest changes to the nem program, which require nem customers to pay some costs that would otherwise be borne by non-nem customers and moves new nem customers to tou rates. together with a reduction in tiered rate differentials and the potential implementation of a fixed charge component in 2020, these changes to the nem program begin a process of reducing the cost burden on non-nem customers, but sdg&e believes that further reforms are necessary and appropriate. sdg&e implemented the adopted successor nem tariff in july 2016, after reaching the 617-mw cap established for the prior nem program.
the electricity industry is undergoing significant change, including increased deployment of distributed energy resources, technological advancements, and political and regulatory developments.
electric utilities in california are experiencing increasing deployment of distributed energy resources, such as solar, energy storage, energy efficiency and demand response technologies. this growth will eventually require modernization of the electric
50
distribution grid to, among other things, accommodate two-way flows of electricity and increase the grid's capacity to interconnect distributed energy resources. the cpuc is conducting proceedings to: evaluate various demonstration projects and pilots; implement changes to the planning and operation of the electric distribution grid in order to prepare for higher penetration of distributed energy resources; consider future grid modernization and grid reinforcement investments; evaluate if traditional grid investments can be deferred by distributed energy resources, and if feasible, what, if any, compensation would be appropriate; and clarify the role of the electric distribution grid operator. these proceedings may result in new regulations, policies and/or operational changes that could materially adversely affect sdg&e's and sempra energy's businesses, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects.
sdg&e provides bundled electric procurement service through various resources that are typically procured on a long-term basis. while sdg&e provides such procurement service for most of its customer load, customers do have the ability to receive procurement service from a load serving entity other than sdg&e, through programs such as da and cca. da is currently closed, but utility customers could receive procurement through cca, if the customer's local jurisdiction (city) offers such a program. several local political jurisdictions, including the city of san diego and a few other municipalities are considering the formation of a cca, which, if implemented, could result in the departure of more than half of sdg&e's bundled load. for example, solana beach (representing less than one percent of sdg&e's customer accounts) has elected to begin cca service in 2018. when customers are served by another load serving entity, sdg&e no longer serves this departing load and the associated costs of the utility's procured resources could be borne by its remaining bundled procurement customers. state law requires that customers opting to have a cca procure their electricity must absorb the cost of above-market electricity procurement commitments already made by sdg&e on their behalf, though appropriate mechanisms to ensure that such costs are properly absorbed are not yet in place. if mechanisms to ensure compliance with state law are not in place at the time of these potentially significant reductions in sdg&e's served load, remaining bundled customers of sdg&e could potentially experience large increases in rates for commodity costs under commitments made on behalf of these cca customers prior to their departure, which may not be fully recoverable in rates by sdg&e. if legislative, regulatory or legal action were taken to prevent the timely recovery of these procurement costs or if mechanisms are not in place to ensure compliance with state law, the unrecovered costs could have a material adverse effect on sdg&e's and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
furthermore, california legislators and stakeholder, advocacy and activist groups have expressed a desire to further limit or eliminate reliance on natural gas as an energy source by advocating increased use of renewable energy and electrification in lieu of the use of natural gas. a substantial reduction or the elimination of natural gas as an energy source in california, could have a material adverse effect on sdg&e's, socalgas' and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
insurance coverage for future wildfires may be unobtainable, prohibitively expensive, or insufficient to cover losses we may incur, and we may be unable to recover costs in excess of insurance through regulatory mechanisms.
we have experienced increased costs and difficulties in obtaining insurance coverage for wildfires that could arise from the california utilities' operations, particularly sdg&e's operations. in addition, the insurance that has been obtained for wildfire liabilities may not be sufficient to cover all losses that we may incur. uninsured losses and increases in the cost of insurance may not be recoverable in customer rates. for example, california courts have invoked the doctrine of inverse condemnation for wildfire damages, whereby if a utility company's facilities, such as its electric distribution and transmission lines, are determined to be the cause of one or more fires, the utility could be liable for damages, as well as attorneys' fees, without having been found negligent. as a result of the strict liability standard applied to wildfires, recent losses recorded by insurance companies, and the risk of an increase of wildfires (several catastrophic wildfires occurred in california in late 2017) for reasons such as drought conditions, insurance for wildfire liabilities may not be available or may be available only at rates that are prohibitively expensive. in addition, even if insurance for wildfire liabilities is available, it may not be available in such amounts as are necessary to cover potential losses. a loss which is not fully insured or cannot be recovered in customer rates could materially adversely affect sempra energy's and the affected california utility's financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. in addition, we are unable to predict whether we would be allowed to recover in rates the increased costs of insurance or the costs of any uninsured losses.
sdg&e incurred cpuc-related costs to resolve 2007 wildfire claims in excess of its liability insurance coverage and amounts recovered from third parties. in december 2012, the cpuc issued a final decision allowing sdg&e to maintain an authorized memorandum account, enabling sdg&e to file applications with the cpuc requesting recovery of amounts properly recorded in the memorandum account, subject to reasonableness review, at a later date. in september 2015, sdg&e filed an application with the cpuc seeking authority to recover such costs in rates over a six- to ten-year period. on december 6, 2017, the cpuc issued a final decision denying sdg&e's request to recover the 2007 wildfire costs submitted in our application. if sdg&e is unsuccessful in its efforts to reverse the final decision through the rehearing and appeals process, the 2007 wildfire costs or costs associated with any future wildfires may not be recoverable. in addition, pending legislation may prohibit recovery of any uninsured wildfire costs in cases of inverse condemnation where california utilities are strictly liable. the failure to recover for
51
the 2007 wildfires or future wildfires could materially adversely affect sempra energy's and the affected california utility's financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
we discuss these cost recovery proceedings in "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - factors influencing future performance" and in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
sdg&e may incur substantial costs and liabilities as a result of its partial ownership of a nuclear facility that is being decommissioned.
sdg&e has a 20-percent ownership interest in songs, formerly a 2,150-mw nuclear generating facility near san clemente, california, that is in the process of being decommissioned by edison, the majority owner of songs. songs is subject to the jurisdiction of the nrc and the cpuc. on june 6, 2013, edison notified sdg&e that it had reached a decision to permanently retire songs and seek approval from the nrc to start the decommissioning activities for the entire facility. sdg&e, and each of the other owners, holds its undivided interest as a tenant in common in the property, and each owner is responsible for financing its share of expenses and capital expenditures, including decommissioning activities. although the facility is being decommissioned, sdg&e's ownership interest in songs continues to subject it to the risks of owning a partial interest in a nuclear generation facility, which include
▪   the potential that a natural disaster such as an earthquake or tsunami could cause a catastrophic failure of the safety systems in place that are designed to prevent the release of radioactive material. if such a failure were to occur, a substantial amount of radiation could be released and cause catastrophic harm to human health and the environment;
▪   the potential harmful effects on the environment and human health resulting from the prior operation of nuclear facilities and the storage, handling and disposal of radioactive materials;
▪   limitations on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available to cover losses that might arise in connection with operations and the decommissioning of the facility; and
▪   uncertainties with respect to the technological and financial aspects of decommissioning the facility.
in addition, sdg&e maintains nuclear decommissioning trusts for the purpose of providing funds to decommission songs. trust assets have been generally invested in equity and debt securities, which are subject to significant market fluctuations. a decline in the market value of trust assets or an adverse change in the law regarding funding requirements for decommissioning trusts could increase the funding requirements for these trusts, which in each case may not be fully recoverable in rates. furthermore, cpuc approval is required in order to make withdrawals from these trusts. cpuc approval for certain expenditures may be denied by the cpuc altogether if the cpuc determines that the expenditures are unreasonable. finally, decommissioning may be materially more expensive than we currently anticipate and therefore decommissioning costs may exceed the amounts in the trust funds. rate recovery for overruns would require cpuc approval, which may not occur.
interpretations of tax regulations could impact access to nuclear decommissioning trust funds for reimbursement of spent nuclear fuel management costs. depending on how the irs or the u.s. department of treasury ultimately interprets or alters regulations addressing the taxation of a qualified nuclear decommissioning trust, sdg&e may be restricted from withdrawing amounts from its qualified decommissioning trusts to pay for spent fuel management while edison and sdg&e are seeking, or plan to seek, recovery of spent fuel management costs in litigation against, or in settlements with, the doe. in december 2016, the irs and the u.s. department of treasury issued proposed regulations that clarify the definition of "nuclear decommissioning costs," which are costs that may be paid for or reimbursed from a qualified fund. these proposed regulations will be effective prospectively once they are finalized. sdg&e is waiting for the adoption of, or additional refinement to, the proposed regulations before determining whether the proposed regulations will allow sdg&e to access the ndt funds for reimbursement or payment of the spent fuel management costs that were or will be incurred in 2016 and subsequent years. until the doe litigation is resolved, and/or irs regulations regarding spent fuel management costs are confirmed to apply, sdg&e expects to continue to pay for its share of such spent fuel management costs. if sdg&e is unable to obtain timely access to the trusts for these costs, sdg&e's cash flows could be negatively impacted.
in november 2014, the cpuc approved the amended settlement agreement that resolved the investigation into the steam generator replacement project that ultimately led to the shut-down of songs. various petitions have since been filed to reopen the settlement. in december 2016, the cpuc issued a ruling directing parties to the songs oii to determine whether an agreement could be reached to modify the amended settlement agreement previously approved by the cpuc, to resolve allegations that unreported ex parte communications between edison and the cpuc resulted in an unfair advantage at the time the settlement agreement was negotiated. in october 2017, the cpuc issued a ruling with respect to the proceeding establishing a process to bring the proceeding to a conclusion and in november 2017, the cpuc held a status conference. in january 2018, the cpuc issued a ruling that further clarified the scope of future evidentiary hearings. this ruling establishes a status conference and includes a preliminary schedule for additional testimony, hearings and briefings. on january 30, 2018, sdg&e, edison, turn,
52
ora and other intervenors entered into a revised settlement agreement. on the same date, the parties filed a joint motion for adoption of the settlement agreement with the cpuc. if approved by the cpuc, the revised settlement agreement will resolve all issues under consideration in the songs oii and will modify the amended settlement agreement. on february 1, 2018, the parties filed a motion to stay the proceedings in the oii pending the cpuc's consideration of the revised settlement agreement. on february 6, 2018, the cpuc issued a ruling granting the parties' motion to stay the proceedings and establishing a tentative procedural schedule with public participation hearings in april and july, evidentiary hearings in april and may and briefing in june of 2018.
the timing of a decision from the cpuc on the joint motion for adoption of the settlement agreement is uncertain. we cannot assure that the revised settlement agreement will be adopted or that the amended settlement agreement will not be modified or set aside as a result of this oii proceeding.
in connection with the revised settlement agreement, and in exchange for the release of certain songs-related claims, sdg&e and edison entered into an agreement (the utility shareholder agreement) in which edison has agreed to pay sdg&e the amounts that sdg&e would have received in rates under the amended settlement agreement, but will not receive upon implementation of the revised settlement agreement. the utility shareholder agreement is not subject to the approval of the cpuc. however, it is not effective unless and until the cpuc approves the revised settlement agreement.
we provide additional detail in note 13 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
the occurrence of any of these events could result in a substantial reduction in our expected recovery and have a material adverse effect on sdg&e's and sempra energy's businesses, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects.
risks related to our sempra south american utilities and sempra infrastructure businesses our businesses are exposed to market risks, including fluctuations in commodity prices, and our businesses, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects may be materially adversely affected by these risks. energy-related commodity prices impact lng liquefaction and regasification, the transport and storage of natural gas, and power generation from renewable and conventional sources, among other businesses that we operate and invest in.
we buy energy-related commodities from time to time, for lng terminals or power plants to satisfy contractual obligations with customers, in regional markets and other competitive markets in which we compete. our revenues and results of operations could be materially adversely affected if the prevailing market prices for natural gas, lng, electricity or other commodities that we buy change in a direction or manner not anticipated and for which we had not provided adequately through purchase or sale commitments or other hedging transactions. in particular, north american natural gas prices, when in decline, negatively impact profitability at sempra lng & midstream.
unanticipated changes in market prices for energy-related commodities result from multiple factors, including:
▪   weather conditions
▪   seasonality
▪   changes in supply and demand
▪   transmission or transportation constraints or inefficiencies
▪   availability of competitively priced alternative energy sources
▪   commodity production levels
▪   actions by oil and natural gas producing nations or organizations affecting the global supply of crude oil and natural gas
▪   federal, state and foreign energy and environmental regulation and legislation
▪   natural disasters, wars, embargoes and other catastrophic events
▪   expropriation of assets by foreign countries the ferc has jurisdiction over wholesale power and transmission rates, independent system operators, and other entities that control transmission facilities or that administer wholesale power sales in some of the markets in which we operate. the ferc may impose additional price limitations, bidding rules and other mechanisms, or terminate existing price limitations from time to time. any such action by the ferc may result in prices for electricity changing in an unanticipated direction or manner and, as a result, may have a material adverse effect on our businesses, cash flows, results of operations and/or prospects.
when our businesses enter into fixed-price long-term contracts to provide services or commodities, they are exposed to inflationary pressures such as rising commodity prices and interest rate risks.
53
sempra mexico, sempra renewables and sempra lng & midstream generally endeavor to secure long-term contracts with customers for services and commodities to optimize the use of their facilities, reduce volatility in earnings, and support the construction of new infrastructure. however, if these contracts are at fixed prices, the profitability of the contract may be materially adversely affected by inflationary pressures, including rising operational costs, costs of labor, materials, equipment and commodities, and rising interest rates that affect financing costs. we may try to mitigate these risks by using variable pricing tied to market indices, anticipating an escalation in costs when bidding on projects, providing for cost escalation, providing for direct pass-through of operating costs or entering into hedges. however, these measures, if implemented, may not ensure that the increase in revenues they provide will fully offset increases in operating expenses and/or financing costs. the failure to fully or substantially offset these increases could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows and/or results of operations.
business development activities may not be successful and projects under construction may not commence operation as scheduled, be completed within budget or operate at expected levels, which could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and/or prospects.
the acquisition, development, construction and expansion of marine and inland liquid fuels, lng and lpg terminals and storage; natural gas, propane and ethane pipelines and storage facilities; electric generation, transmission and distribution facilities; and other energy infrastructure projects involve numerous risks. we may be required to spend significant sums for preliminary engineering, permitting, fuel supply, resource exploration, legal, and other expenses before we can determine whether a project is feasible, economically attractive, or capable of being built.
success in developing a particular project is contingent upon, among other things:
▪   negotiation of satisfactory epc agreements
▪   negotiation of supply and natural gas sales agreements or firm capacity service agreements
▪   timely receipt of required governmental permits, licenses, authorizations, and rights-of-way and maintenance or extension of these authorizations
▪   timely implementation and satisfactory completion of construction
▪   obtaining adequate and reasonably priced financing for the project successful completion of a particular project may be materially adversely affected by, among other factors:
▪   unforeseen engineering problems
▪   construction delays and contractor performance shortfalls
▪   work stoppages
▪   failure to obtain, maintain or extend required governmental permits, licenses, authorizations, and rights-of-way
▪   equipment unavailability or delay and cost increases
▪   adverse weather conditions
▪   environmental and geological conditions
▪   litigation
▪   unsettled property rights if we are unable to complete a development project or if we have substantial delays or cost overruns, this could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and/or prospects.
the operation of existing and future facilities also involves many risks, including the breakdown or failure of electric generation, transmission and distribution facilities, or regasification, liquefaction and storage facilities or other equipment or processes, labor disputes, fuel interruption, environmental contamination and operating performance below expected levels. in addition, weather-related incidents and other natural disasters can disrupt generation, regasification, liquefaction, storage, transmission and distribution systems. the occurrence of any of these events could lead to our facilities being idled for an extended period of time or our facilities operating well below expected capacity levels, which may result in lost revenues or increased expenses, including higher maintenance costs and penalties. such occurrences could materially adversely affect our businesses, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and/or prospects.
the design, development and construction of the cameron lng liquefaction facility involves numerous risks and uncertainties.
with respect to our project to add lng export capability at the cameron lng facility, cameron lng jv is building an lng export facility consisting of three liquefaction trains designed to a total nameplate capacity of 13.9 mtpa of lng with an expected export capability of 12 mtpa of lng, or approximately 1.7 bcf per day. the estimated construction, financing and other project
54
costs for the facility are within the project budget adopted at the time of our final investment decision. if these costs increase above the budget adopted at the time of our final investment decision, we may have to contribute additional cash. the majority of the investment in the liquefaction project is project-financed and the balance provided by the project partners. any failure by the project partners to make their required investments on a timely basis could result in project delays and could materially adversely affect the development of the project. in addition, sempra energy has guaranteed a maximum of up to $3.9 billion related to the project financing and financing-related agreements. these guarantees terminate upon cameron lng jv achieving "financial completion" of the initial three-train liquefaction project, including all three trains achieving commercial operation and meeting certain operational performance tests. we anticipate that the guarantees will be terminated approximately nine months after all three trains achieve commercial operation. if, due to the joint venture's failure to satisfy the financial completion criteria, we are required to repay some or all of the $3.9 billion under our guarantees, any such repayments could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, and/or prospects.
large-scale construction projects like the design, development and construction of the cameron lng jv liquefaction facility involve numerous risks and uncertainties, including among others, the potential for unforeseen engineering challenges, substantial construction delays and increased costs. cameron lng jv has a turnkey epc contract, and if the contractor becomes unwilling or unable to perform according to the terms and timetable of the epc contract, the project could face substantial construction delays and potentially significantly increased costs. if the contractor's delays or failures are serious enough to cause the contractor to default under the epc contract, such default could result in cameron lng jv's engagement of a substitute contractor. in october 2016, the epc contractor indicated that the cameron lng project would not achieve its originally scheduled dates for completion and subsequently provided project schedules reflecting further delays to the cameron lng project. the delays will result in the anticipated earnings and associated cash flows from the cameron lng jv project coming in later than originally anticipated. in december 2017, cameron lng jv entered into a settlement agreement with the epc contractor to settle the contractor's claims (including those resulting from hurricane harvey) that it was owed additional compensation beyond the original contract price and that it was entitled to schedule extensions under the contract. based on a number of factors, we continue to believe it is reasonable to expect that all three lng trains will be producing lng in 2019, though there can be no assurance that this project will not be further delayed. these factors, among others, include the terms of the settlement agreement, the project schedules received from the epc contractor, cameron lng jv's own review of the project schedules, the assumptions underlying such schedules, the epc contractor's progress to date, the remaining work left to be performed, and the inherent risks in constructing and testing facilities such as cameron lng. the inability to complete the project in accordance with the current schedule, cost overruns, and the other risks described above could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, credit ratings and/or prospects. for additional discussion of the cameron lng jv and of these risks and other risks relating to the development of the cameron lng jv liquefaction project that could adversely affect our future performance, see "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - factors influencing future performance."
we face many challenges to develop and complete our contemplated lng export facilities.
in addition to the three-train cameron lng liquefaction facility described above, we are looking at several other lng export terminal development opportunities, including a greenfield project in port arthur, texas, a brownfield project at our existing eca regasification facility in baja california, mexico and an expansion of up to two additional liquefaction trains to the cameron liquefaction facility. each of these contemplated projects faces numerous risks and must overcome significant hurdles before we can proceed with construction. common to all of these projects is the risk that global oil prices and their associated current and forward projections could reduce the demand for natural gas in some sectors and cause a corresponding reduction in projected global demand for lng. this could result in increased competition among those working on projects in an environment of declining lng demand, such as the sempra energy-sponsored export initiatives. such reduction in natural gas demand could also occur from higher penetration of alternative fuels in new power generation, which could also lead to increased competition among the lng suppliers for the declining lng demand. at certain moderate levels, oil prices could also make lng projects in other parts of the world still feasible and competitive with lng projects from north america, thus increasing supply and the competition for the available lng demand. a decline in natural gas prices outside the u.s. (which in many foreign countries are based on the price of crude oil) may also materially adversely affect the relative pricing advantage that has existed in recent years in favor of domestic natural gas prices (based on henry hub pricing).
in february 2018, sempra lng & midstream entered into a project development agreement for the joint development of the proposed port arthur lng liquefaction project with an affiliate of woodside petroleum ltd., which replaced a prior agreement between the parties. the project development agreement specifies how the parties will share costs, and continues a framework for the parties to work jointly on permitting, design, engineering, commercial and marketing activities associated with developing the port arthur lng liquefaction project. in june 2017, sempra lng & midstream, woodside petroleum ltd. and korea gas corporation signed a memorandum of understanding that provides a framework for cooperation and joint discussion by the parties
55
regarding key aspects of the potential development of the port arthur lng project, including engineering and construction work, o&m activities, feed gas sourcing, offtake of lng and the potential for korea gas corporation to purchase lng from, and become an equity participant in, the port arthur lng project. the memorandum of understanding does not commit any party to buy or sell lng or otherwise participate in the port arthur liquefaction lng project. also, in may 2015, sempra lng & midstream, ienova and a subsidiary of pemex entered into a project development agreement for the joint development of the proposed liquefaction project at ienova's existing eca regasification facility in mexico. the agreement specifies how the parties share costs, and establishes a framework for the parties to work jointly on permitting, design, engineering, and commercial activities associated with developing the potential liquefaction project. pemex's cost-sharing obligations under this agreement ended on december 31, 2017. any decisions by the parties to proceed with binding agreements with respect to the formation of these potential joint ventures and the potential development of these projects will require, among other things, obtaining customer commitments to purchase lng, completion of project assessments and achieving other necessary internal and external approvals of each party. in addition, all of our proposed projects are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including the receipt of a number of permits and approvals; finding suitable partners and customers; obtaining financing and incentives; negotiating and completing suitable commercial agreements, including joint venture agreements, tolling capacity agreements or natural gas supply and lng sales agreements and construction contracts; and reaching a final investment decision.
expansion of the cameron lng liquefaction facility beyond the first three trains is subject to certain restrictions and conditions under the joint venture project financing agreements, including among others, timing restrictions on expansion of the project unless appropriate prior consent is obtained from the project lenders. under the cameron lng jv equity agreements, the expansion of the project requires the unanimous consent of all of the partners, including with respect to the equity investment obligation of each partner. one of the partners indicated to sempra energy and the other partners that it does not intend to invest additional capital in cameron lng jv with respect to the expansion. as a result, discussions among the partners have occurred, and we are considering a variety of options to attempt to move the expansion project forward. these activities have contributed to delays in developing firm pricing information and securing customer commitments, and there can be no assurance that these issues will be resolved in a timely manner, which could materially and adversely impact the near-term marketing of this project and ability to secure customer commitments. in light of these developments, we are unable to predict whether or when we and/or cameron lng jv might be able to move forward on expansion of the cameron lng liquefaction facility beyond the first three trains.
furthermore, there are a number of potential new projects under construction or in the process of development by various project developers in north america, in addition to ours, and given the projected global demand for lng, the vast majority of these projects likely will not be completed. with respect to our port arthur, texas project, this is a greenfield site, and therefore it may not have the advantages often associated with brownfield sites. the eca facility in mexico is subject to on-going land disputes that could make project financing difficult as well as finding suitable partners and customers. in addition, while we have completed the regulatory process for an lng export facility in the u.s., the regulatory process in mexico and the overlay of u.s. regulations for natural gas exports to an lng export facility in mexico are not well developed. there can be no assurance that such a facility could be permitted and constructed without facing significant legal challenges and uncertainties, which in turn could make project financing, as well as finding suitable partners and customers, difficult. finally, eca has profitable long-term regasification contracts for 100 percent of the facility, making the decision to pursue a new liquefaction facility dependent in part on whether the investment in a new liquefaction facility would, over the long term, be more beneficial than continuing to supply regasification services under our existing contracts.
there can be no assurance that our contemplated lng export facilities will be completed, and our inability to complete one or more of our contemplated lng export facilities could have a material adverse effect on our future cash flows, results of operations and prospects.
we discuss these projects further in "item 1. business" and in "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - factors influencing future performance."
federal and state legislative and regulatory initiatives relating to hydraulic fracturing could reduce or eliminate lng export opportunities and demand.
several states have adopted or are considering adopting regulations to impose more stringent permitting, public disclosure or well construction requirements on hydraulic fracturing operations. in addition to state laws, some local municipalities have adopted or are considering adopting land use restrictions, such as city ordinances, that may restrict the performance of or prohibit the well drilling in general and/or hydraulic fracturing in particular. hydraulic fracturing is typically regulated by state oil and natural gas commissions, but federal agencies, including the epa and the bureau of land management of the u.s. department of the interior, have asserted regulatory authority over certain hydraulic fracturing activities. in addition, the u.s. congress has from time to time considered legislation to provide for federal regulation of hydraulic fracturing under the safe drinking water act and to require
56
disclosure of the chemicals used in the hydraulic fracturing process. there are also certain governmental reviews that have been conducted or are underway on deep shale and other formation completion and production practices, including hydraulic fracturing. depending on the outcome of these studies, federal and state legislatures and agencies may seek to further regulate or even ban such activities. certain environmental and other groups have also suggested that additional federal, state and local laws and regulations may be needed to more closely regulate the hydraulic fracturing process.
we cannot predict whether additional federal, state or local laws or regulations applicable to hydraulic fracturing will be enacted in the future and, if so, what actions any such laws or regulations would require or prohibit. if additional levels of regulation or permitting requirements were imposed on hydraulic fracturing operations, natural gas prices in north america could rise, which in turn could materially adversely affect the relative pricing advantage that has existed in recent years in favor of domestic natural gas prices (based on henry hub pricing). increased regulation or difficulty in permitting of hydraulic fracturing, and any corresponding increase in domestic natural gas prices, could materially adversely affect demand for lng exports and our ability to develop commercially viable lng export facilities beyond the three train cameron lng facility currently under construction.
increased competition and changes in trade policies could materially adversely affect us.
the markets in which we operate are characterized by numerous strong and capable competitors, many of whom have extensive and diversified developmental and/or operating experience (including both domestic and international) and financial resources similar to or greater than ours. further, in recent years, the natural gas pipeline, storage and lng market segments have been characterized by strong and increasing competition both with respect to winning new development projects and acquiring existing assets. in mexico, despite the commissioning of many new energy infrastructure projects by the cfe and other governmental agencies in connection with energy reforms, competition for recent pipeline projects has been intense with numerous bidders competing aggressively for these projects. there can be no assurance that we will be successful in bidding for new development opportunities in the u.s., mexico or south america. in addition, as noted above, there are a number of potential new lng liquefaction projects under construction or in the process of being developed by various project developers in north america, including our contemplated new projects, and given the projected global demand for lng, it is likely that most of these projects will not be completed. finally, as existing contracts expire at our natural gas storage assets in the gulf coast region, we compete with other facilities for storage customers that could continue to support the existing carrying value of these assets, and for anchor customers that could support development of new capacity. these competitive factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects.
in addition, the current u.s. administration has indicated its intention to renegotiate trade agreements, such as nafta. a shift in u.s. trade policies could materially adversely affect our lng development opportunities, as well as opportunities for trade between mexico and the u.s.
we may elect not to, or may not be able to, enter into, extend or replace expiring long-term supply and sales agreements or long-term firm capacity agreements for our projects, which would subject our revenues to increased volatility and our businesses to increased competition. such long-term contracts, once entered into, increase our credit risk if our counterparties fail to perform or become unable to meet their contractual obligations on a timely basis due to bankruptcy, insolvency, or otherwise.
the eca lng facility has long-term capacity agreements with a limited number of counterparties. under these agreements, customers pay capacity reservation and usage fees to receive, store and regasify the customers' lng. we also may enter into short-term and/or long-term supply agreements to purchase lng to be received, stored and regasified for sale to other parties. the long-term supply agreement contracts are expected to reduce our exposure to changes in natural gas prices through corresponding natural gas sales agreements or by tying lng supply prices to prevailing natural gas market price indices. if the counterparties, customers or suppliers to one or more of the key agreements for the eca lng facility were to fail to perform or become unable to meet their contractual obligations on a timely basis, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects.
for the three-train liquefaction facility currently under construction, cameron lng jv has 20-year liquefaction and regasification tolling capacity agreements in place with engie s.a. and affiliates of mitsubishi corporation and mitsui & co. ltd., that subscribe for the full nameplate capacity of the facility. if the counterparties to these tolling agreements were to fail to perform or become unable to meet their contractual obligations to cameron lng jv on a timely basis, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects.
sempra mexico's and sempra lng & midstream's ability to enter into or replace existing long-term firm capacity agreements for their natural gas pipeline operations are dependent on demand for and supply of lng and/or natural gas from their transportation customers, which may include our lng facilities. a significant sustained decrease in demand for and supply of lng and/or
57
natural gas from such customers could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects.
our natural gas storage assets include operational and development assets at bay gas in alabama and mississippi hub in mississippi, as well as our development project, la storage in louisiana. la storage could be positioned to support lng export from the cameron lng jv terminal and other liquefaction projects, if anticipated cash flows support further investment. however, changes in the u.s. natural gas market could also lead to diminished natural gas storage values. historically, the value of natural gas storage services has positively correlated with the difference between the seasonal prices of natural gas, among other factors. in general, over the past several years, seasonal differences in natural gas prices have declined, which have contributed to lower prices for storage services. as our legacy (higher rate) sales contracts mature at our bay gas and mississippi hub facilities, replacement sales contract rates have been and could continue to be lower than has historically been the case. lower sales revenues may not be offset by cost reductions, which could lead to depressed asset values. future investment in bay gas, mississippi hub and la storage will depend on market demand and estimates of long-term storage values. our la storage development project construction permit expired in june 2017 and future development will require approval of a new construction permit by the ferc. the la storage project also includes an existing 23.3-mile pipeline header system, the la storage pipeline, that is not contracted. market conditions could result in the need to perform recovery testing of our recorded asset values. in the event such values are not recoverable, we would consider the fair value of these assets relative to their carrying value. to the extent the carrying value is in excess of the fair value, we would record a noncash impairment charge. the carrying value of our long-lived natural gas storage assets at december 31, 2017 was $1.5 billion. a significant impairment charge related to our natural gas storage assets would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in the period in which it is recorded.
the electric generation and wholesale power sales industries are highly competitive. as more plants are built and competitive pressures increase, wholesale electricity prices may become more volatile. without the benefit of long-term power sales agreements, our revenues may be subject to increased price volatility, and we may be unable to sell the power that sempra renewables' and sempra mexico's facilities are capable of producing or to sell it at favorable prices, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects.
we provide information about these matters in "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations."
our businesses depend on counterparties, business partners, customers, and suppliers performing in accordance with their agreements. if they fail to perform, we could incur substantial expenses and business disruptions and be exposed to commodity price risk and volatility, which could materially adversely affect our businesses, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and/or prospects.
our businesses, and the businesses that we invest in, are exposed to the risk that counterparties, business partners, customers, and suppliers that owe money or commodities as a result of market transactions or other long-term agreements or arrangements will not perform their obligations in accordance with such agreements or arrangements. should they fail to perform, we may be required to enter into alternative arrangements or to honor the underlying commitment at then-current market prices. in such an event, we may incur additional losses to the extent of amounts already paid to such counterparties or suppliers. in addition, many such agreements are important for the conduct and growth of our businesses. the failure of any of the parties to perform in accordance with these agreements could materially adversely affect our businesses, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and/or prospects. finally, we often extend credit to counterparties and customers. while we perform significant credit analyses prior to extending credit, we are exposed to the risk that we may not be able to collect amounts owed to us.
sempra mexico's and sempra lng & midstream's obligations and those of their suppliers for lng supplies are contractually subject to (1) suspension or termination for "force majeure" events beyond the control of the parties; and (2) substantial limitations of remedies for other failures to perform, including limitations on damages to amounts that could be substantially less than those necessary to provide full recovery of costs for breach of the agreements, which in either event could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and/or prospects.
our businesses are subject to various legal actions challenging our property rights and permits.
we are engaged in disputes regarding our title to the properties adjacent to and properties where our eca lng terminal in mexico is located, as we discuss in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. in the event that we are unable to defend and retain title to the properties on which our eca lng terminal is located, we could lose our rights to occupy and use such properties and the related terminal, which could result in breaches of one or more permits or contracts that we have entered into with respect to such terminal. in addition, our ability to convert the eca lng terminal into an export facility may be hindered by these disputes, and they could make project financing such a facility and finding suitable partners and customers very
58
difficult. if we are unable to occupy and use such properties and the related terminal, it could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects.
we rely on transportation assets and services, much of which we do not own or control, to deliver electricity and natural gas.
we depend on electric transmission lines, natural gas pipelines, and other transportation facilities owned and operated by third parties to:
▪   deliver the electricity and natural gas we sell to wholesale markets,
▪   supply natural gas to our gas storage and electric generation facilities, and
▪   provide retail energy services to customers.
sempra mexico and sempra lng & midstream also depend on natural gas pipelines to interconnect with their ultimate source or customers of the commodities they are transporting. sempra mexico and sempra lng & midstream also rely on specialized ships to transport lng to their facilities and on natural gas pipelines to transport natural gas for customers of the facilities. sempra renewables, sempra south american utilities and sempra mexico rely on transmission lines to sell electricity to their customers. if transportation is disrupted, or if capacity is inadequate, we may be unable to sell and deliver our commodities, electricity and other services to some or all of our customers. as a result, we may be responsible for damages incurred by our customers, such as the additional cost of acquiring alternative electricity, natural gas supplies and lng at then-current spot market rates, which could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and/or prospects.
our international businesses are exposed to different local, regulatory and business risks and challenges.
in mexico, we own or have interests in natural gas distribution and transportation, lpg storage and transportation facilities, ethane transportation, electricity generation, and lng and liquid fuels marine and inland terminals. in peru and chile, we own or have interests in electricity generation, transmission and distribution facilities and operations. developing infrastructure projects, owning energy assets, and operating businesses in foreign jurisdictions subject us to significant security, political, legal, regulatory and financial risks that vary by country, including:
▪   changes in foreign laws and regulations, including tax and environmental laws and regulations, and u.s. laws and regulations, in each case, that are related to foreign operations
▪   governance by and decisions of local regulatory bodies, including setting of rates and tariffs that may be earned by our businesses
▪   adverse changes in market conditions and inadequate enforcement of regulations
▪   high rates of inflation
▪   volatility in exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and currencies of the countries in which we operate, as we discuss below
▪   foreign cash balances that may be unavailable to fund u.s. operations, or available only at unfavorable u.s. and/or foreign tax rates upon repatriation of such amounts or changes in tax law
▪   changes in government policies or personnel
▪   trade restrictions
▪   limitations on u.s. company ownership in foreign countries
▪   permitting and regulatory compliance
▪   changes in labor supply and labor relations
▪   adverse rulings by foreign courts or tribunals, challenges to permits and approvals, difficulty in enforcing contractual and property rights, and unsettled property rights and titles in mexico and other foreign jurisdictions
▪   expropriation of assets
▪   destruction of property or assets
▪   adverse changes in the stability of the governments in the countries in which we operate
▪   general political, social, economic and business conditions
▪   compliance with the foreign corrupt practices act and similar laws
▪   valuation of goodwill
▪   theft of assets our international businesses also are subject to foreign currency risks. these risks arise from both volatility in foreign currency exchange and inflation rates and devaluations of foreign currencies. in such cases, an appreciation of the u.s. dollar against a local currency could materially reduce the amount of cash and income received from those foreign subsidiaries. we may or may
59
not choose to hedge these risks, and any hedges entered into may or may not be effective. fluctuations in foreign currency exchange and inflation rates may result in significantly increased taxes in foreign countries and materially adversely affect our cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects.
we discuss litigation related to sempra mexico's international energy projects in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
risks related to the pending acquisition of energy future holdings corp.
in this "risk factors" section, we sometimes refer to sempra energy, after giving effect to the assumed completion of the merger, as the "combined company."
our pending acquisition of efh, including efh's 80.03 percent indirect interest in oncor, is subject to various conditions, including the receipt of governmental and regulatory approvals, which approvals may impose onerous conditions, and is subject to other risks and uncertainties that could cause the merger to be abandoned, delayed or restructured and/or materially adversely affect sempra energy.
sempra energy, efh and oncor have not obtained all the governmental and regulatory consents, approvals and rulings required to complete the merger, including approval from the puct, among others. these and other governmental and regulatory authorities may not provide the consents, approvals and rulings that are conditions to the merger or that are otherwise necessary for oncor's operations after the merger, could seek to block or challenge the merger, or may impose certain requirements or obligations as conditions to their approval. the agreements governing the merger may require us to accept conditions from these regulators that could materially adversely impact the results of operations, financial condition and prospects of the combined company. if the required governmental consents, approvals and rulings are not received, or if they are not received on terms that satisfy the conditions set forth in the agreements governing the merger, then neither sempra energy, efh nor oncor will be obligated to complete the merger.
sempra energy and efh have determined that the merger is not subject to the premerger notification requirements of the hart-scott-rodino antitrust improvements act of 1976, as amended (the hsr act). even though sempra energy and efh have determined that the merger is not subject to the hsr act, governmental authorities could seek to block or challenge the merger or compel divestiture of a portion of the combined company if they deem it necessary or desirable in the public interest to do so. in addition, in some jurisdictions, a private party could initiate an action under the antitrust laws challenging or seeking to enjoin the merger, before or after it is completed. as a result, actions taken by governmental authorities or private parties, both before or after completion of the merger, may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and prospects or may result in conditions or requirements that lead to abandonment, delay or restructuring of the merger.
we can provide no assurance that the various closing conditions will be satisfied and that the required governmental and other necessary approvals will be obtained, or that any required conditions to such approvals will not materially adversely affect the results of operations, financial condition or prospects of the combined company following the merger. in addition, it is possible that any conditions to such approvals will result in the abandonment, delay or restructuring of the merger. the occurrence of any of these events individually or in combination could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and prospects, whether or not the merger is completed.
completion of the merger is also subject to a number of other risks and uncertainties that, among other things, may alter the proposed structure and ultimate financing for the merger, result in changes in or impose other limitations or conditions on the business of the combined company following the merger or have other effects that may have a material adverse effect on the results of operations, financial condition and prospects of the combined company if the merger is consummated or may lead to abandonment, delay or restructuring of the merger.
failure to complete the merger could negatively impact our results of operations, financial condition and prospects and the market value of our common stock, preferred stock and debt securities.
other parties may offer to acquire efh or oncor on terms that are more favorable to efh than the terms of the merger agreement. under the terms of the merger agreement, efh or its subsidiary efih may terminate the merger agreement in certain circumstances if either of their respective boards of directors determines in its sole discretion, after consultation with their independent financial advisors and outside legal counsel, that the failure to terminate the merger agreement is inconsistent with their fiduciary duties, which may allow them to terminate the merger agreement in order to accept an offer from another party. if the merger is not completed, we will not realize the potential benefits of the merger, but will still be required to pay the substantial costs incurred in connection with pursuing the merger. if the merger is not completed, these and other factors could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and prospects and the market value of our common stock, preferred stock and debt securities.
60
efh could incur substantial tax liabilities related to its 2016 spin-off of vistra from efh, which would reduce and potentially eliminate the value of our investment in efh.
as part of its ongoing bankruptcy proceedings, in 2016 efh distributed all of the outstanding shares of common stock of its subsidiary vistra energy corp. (formerly tceh corp. and referred to herein as vistra) to certain creditors of tceh llc (the spinoff), and vistra became an independent, publicly traded company. vistra's spin-off from efh was intended to qualify for partially tax-free treatment to efh and its stockholders under sections 368(a)(1)(g), 355 and 356 (collectively referred to as the intended tax treatment) of the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended. in connection with and as a condition to the spin-off, efh received a private letter ruling from the irs regarding certain issues relating to the intended tax treatment of the spin-off, as well as tax opinions from counsel to efh and vistra regarding certain aspects of the spin-off not covered by the private letter ruling.
irs private letter rulings are generally binding on the irs, but the continuing validity of that ruling, as well as the tax opinions received, are subject to the accuracy of factual representations and assumptions, as well as the performance by efh and vistra of certain undertakings, made to the irs in connection with obtaining the ruling and to counsel in connection with their opinions. if any of the factual representations or assumptions in the irs private letter ruling or tax opinions (which will not impact the irs position on the transactions) were untrue or incomplete, any such undertaking is not complied with, or the facts upon which the irs private letter ruling or tax opinions were based are different from the actual facts relating to the spin-off, the tax opinions and/or irs private letter ruling may not be valid and as a result, could be successfully challenged by the irs. if it is determined that the spin-off did not qualify for the intended tax treatment, efh could incur substantial tax liabilities, which would materially reduce and potentially eliminate the value of our investment in efh if the merger is completed and could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations, financial condition and prospects of the combined company and on the market value of our common stock, preferred stock and debt securities.
due to the risks posed by the spin-off not qualifying for the intended tax treatment, we have required, as an express condition to closing of the merger, that efh must receive a supplemental private letter ruling from the irs as well as tax opinions of counsel to sempra energy and efh that generally provide that the merger will not affect the conclusions reached in, respectively, the irs private letter ruling and tax opinions issued with respect to the spin-off described above. in november 2017, efh received the supplemental private letter ruling from the irs that provides that the merger will not affect the tax-free treatment of the spinoff. similar to the irs private letter ruling and opinions issued with respect to the spin-off, the supplemental private letter ruling and any opinions issued with respect to the merger are and will be based on factual representations and assumptions, as well as certain undertakings, made by sempra energy and efh. if such representations and assumptions are untrue or incomplete, any such undertakings are not complied with, or the facts upon which the irs supplemental private letter ruling or tax opinions (which will not impact the irs position on the transactions) are based are different from the actual facts relating to the merger, the tax opinions and/or supplemental private letter ruling may not be valid and as a result, could be successfully challenged by the irs. if it is determined that the merger causes the spin-off not to qualify for the intended tax treatment, efh could incur substantial tax liabilities, which would materially reduce and potentially eliminate the value of our investment in efh if the merger is completed and could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations, financial condition and prospects of the combined company and on the market value of our common stock, preferred stock and debt securities. should the irs invalidate the private letter ruling and/or the supplemental private letter ruling, efh has administrative appeal rights including the right to challenge any adverse irs position in court.
failure by oncor to successfully execute its business strategy and objectives may materially adversely affect the future results of the combined company and, consequently, the market value of our common stock, preferred stock and debt securities.
the success of the merger will depend, in part, on the ability of oncor to successfully execute its business strategy, including delivering electricity in a safe and reliable manner, minimizing service interruptions and investing in its transmission and distribution infrastructure to maintain its system, serve its growing customer base with a modernized grid, and support energy production. these objectives are capital intensive. see below under "-oncor's operations are capital intensive and it could have liquidity needs that may require us to make additional investments in oncor." if oncor is not able to achieve these objectives, is not able to achieve these objectives on a timely basis, or otherwise fails to perform in accordance with our expectations, the anticipated benefits of the merger may not be realized fully or at all, and the merger may materially adversely affect the results of operations, financial condition and prospects of the combined company and, consequently, the market value of our common stock, preferred stock and debt securities.
we will continue to incur significant costs in connection with the merger, and the combined company could continue to incur substantial costs as a result of the merger.
we will continue to incur significant costs in connection with the merger, whether or not the merger is completed, including fees paid to legal, financial, accounting and other advisors. moreover, if the merger is completed, the combined company will incur
61
substantial costs in connection with the merger, including fees paid to legal, financial, accounting and other advisors. many of the expenses that will be incurred, by their nature, are difficult to estimate accurately. these expenses may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations prior to completion of the merger and of the combined company following the completion of the merger.
we have issued equity securities to fund a significant portion of the merger consideration and may issue additional equity securities after the merger to reduce our indebtedness, which may dilute the economic and voting interests of our current shareholders and may adversely affect the market value of our common stock and preferred stock.
under the merger agreement, we are required to pay merger consideration of $9.45 billion, payable in cash. in january 2018, we completed the offering of 23,364,486 shares of our common stock pursuant to forward sale agreements (the forward sale agreements) and directly issued 3,504,672 shares of our common stock to the underwriters in the offering to raise proceeds to fund a portion of the merger consideration. we did not initially receive any proceeds from the sale of our common stock pursuant to the forward sale agreements. we expect to settle a portion of the forward sale agreements and receive cash proceeds, subject to certain adjustments, from the sale of shares of our common stock concurrently with, or prior to, the closing of the merger. we expect to settle the remaining portion of the forward sale agreements after the merger, if completed, in multiple settlements on or prior to december 15, 2019, in each case entirely by physical delivery of shares of our common stock in exchange for cash proceeds. in addition, in january 2018, we issued 17,250,000 shares of our 6% mandatory convertible preferred stock, series a (the "mandatory convertible preferred stock"), which we expect will ultimately convert into common stock. some of these equity issuances, including common stock issued upon settlement of the forward sale agreements, will likely occur following the merger to repay outstanding indebtedness, including indebtedness we have incurred and expect to incur in connection with the merger. see below under "-we have incurred significant indebtedness in connection with the merger and will likely incur additional indebtedness related the merger. as a result, it may be more difficult for us to pay or refinance our debts or take other actions, and we may need to divert cash to fund debt service payments." although the issuance of any equity securities is subject to market conditions and other factors, many of which are beyond our control, and we may in fact issue fewer shares of any equity securities than anticipated, the issuance of a substantial number of additional shares of our common stock (including shares issued upon conversion of our mandatory convertible preferred stock) will have the effect, and the issuance of additional equity securities may have the effect, of diluting the economic and voting interests of our shareholders. in addition, the issuance of additional shares of common stock (including shares issued upon conversion of our mandatory convertible preferred stock) without a commensurate increase in our consolidated earnings would dilute, and the issuance of additional equity securities could dilute, our earnings per common share. any of the foregoing may have a material adverse effect on the market value of our common stock.
we have incurred significant indebtedness in connection with the merger and will likely incur additional indebtedness related to the merger. as a result, it may be more difficult for us to pay or refinance our debts or take other actions, and we may need to divert cash to fund debt service payments.
we have incurred significant additional indebtedness to finance a portion of the merger consideration and associated transaction costs. in january 2018, we issued $5 billion aggregate principal amount of fixed and floating rate notes in various series that mature between 2019 and 2048, and we expect to issue up to $2.7 billion aggregate principal amount of commercial paper, although we may reduce the amount of commercial paper by borrowings under our revolving credit facilities and cash from operations, to initially fund the merger consideration and associated transaction costs. moreover, although we intend to use equity financing after completion of the merger to repay a portion of the indebtedness incurred to finance the merger and associated transaction costs, to the extent we are unable to do so, the amount of indebtedness we have incurred to finance the merger and associated transaction costs will be higher than currently anticipated. accordingly, our debt service obligations resulting from such additional indebtedness could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations, financial condition and prospects of the combined company.
our increased indebtedness could
▪   make it more difficult and/or costly for us to pay or refinance our debts as they become due, particularly during adverse economic and industry conditions, because a decrease in revenues or increase in costs could cause cash flow from operations to be insufficient to make scheduled debt service payments;
▪   limit our flexibility to pursue other strategic opportunities or react to changes in our business and the industry sectors in which we operate and, consequently, put us at a competitive disadvantage to our competitors that have less debt;
▪   require a substantial portion of our available cash to be used for debt service payments, thereby reducing the availability of our cash to fund working capital, capital expenditures, development projects, acquisitions, dividend payments and other general corporate purposes, which could hinder our prospects for growth and the market price of our common stock, preferred stock and debt securities, among other things;
▪   result in a downgrade in the credit ratings on our indebtedness (including as discussed above under "risks related to sempra energy - certain credit rating agencies may downgrade our credit ratings or place those ratings on negative outlook, which may
62
adversely affect the market price of our common stock, preferred stock and debt securities."), which could limit our ability to borrow additional funds, increase the interest rates under our credit facilities and under any new indebtedness we may incur, and reduce the trading prices of our outstanding debt securities, common stock and preferred stock;
▪   make it more difficult for us to raise capital to fund working capital, make capital expenditures, pay dividends, pursue strategic initiatives or for other purposes;
▪   result in higher interest expense in the event of increases in interest rates on our current or future borrowings subject to variable rates of interest;
▪   require that additional materially adverse terms, conditions or covenants be placed on us under our debt instruments, which covenants might include, for example, limitations on additional borrowings; and
▪   result in specific restrictions on uses of our assets, as well as prohibitions or limitations on our ability to create liens, pay dividends, receive distributions from our subsidiaries, redeem or repurchase our stock or make investments, any of which could hinder our access to capital markets and limit or delay our ability to carry out our capital expenditure program.
based on the current and expected results of operations and financial condition of sempra energy and our subsidiaries and the currently anticipated financing structure for the merger, we believe that our cash flow from operations, together with the proceeds from borrowings, issuances of equity and debt securities, distributions from our equity method investments, project financing and equity sales (including tax equity and partnering in joint ventures) will generate sufficient cash on a consolidated basis to make all of the principal and interest payments when such payments are due under sempra energy's and our current subsidiaries' existing credit facilities, indentures and other instruments governing their outstanding indebtedness and under the indebtedness that we have incurred and that we may incur to fund the merger consideration and associated transaction costs. however, our expectation is subject to numerous estimates, assumptions and uncertainties, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to make such payments of principal and interest or repay or refinance such borrowings and obligations when due. oncor and its subsidiaries will not guarantee any indebtedness of sempra energy or any of our other subsidiaries, nor will any of them have any obligation to provide funds (nor will we have any ability to require them to provide funds), whether in the form of dividends, loans or otherwise, to enable sempra energy to pay dividends on its common stock or mandatory convertible preferred stock or to enable our other subsidiaries to make required debt service payments, particularly in light of the ring-fencing arrangements described below under "-certain "ring-fencing" measures and other existing governance mechanisms will limit our ability to influence the management and policies of oncor." as a result, the merger will substantially increase our debt service obligations without any assurance that we will receive any cash from oncor or any of its subsidiaries to assist us in servicing our indebtedness, paying dividends on our common stock and mandatory convertible preferred stock or meeting our other cash needs.
we are committed to maintaining our credit ratings at investment grade. to maintain these credit ratings, we may consider it appropriate to reduce the amount of our indebtedness outstanding following the merger. we may seek to reduce this indebtedness with the proceeds from the issuance of additional shares of common stock and, possibly, other equity securities, and the settlement of sales of our common stock pursuant to our forward sale agreements, cash from operations and proceeds from asset sales, which may dilute the voting rights and economic interests of holders of our common stock. however, our ability to raise additional equity financing after completion of the merger will be subject to market conditions and a number of other risks and uncertainties, including whether the results of operations of the combined company meet the expectations of investors and securities analysts. there can be no assurance that we will be able to issue additional shares of our common stock or other equity securities after the merger on terms that we consider acceptable or at all, or that we will be able to reduce the amount of our outstanding indebtedness after the merger, should we elect to do so, to a level that permits us to maintain our investment grade credit ratings.
the merger may not positively affect our results of operations and may cause a decrease in our earnings per share, which may negatively affect the market price of our common stock, preferred stock and debt securities.
we anticipate that the merger, if consummated on the terms and under our financing structure, will have a positive impact on our consolidated results of operations. this expectation is based on current market conditions and is subject to a number of assumptions, estimates, projections and other uncertainties, including assumptions regarding the results of operations of the combined company after the merger and the relative mix and timing of debt and equity financing necessary to ultimately fund the merger consideration and associated transaction costs. this expectation also assumes that oncor will perform in accordance with our expectations, and there can be no assurance that this will occur. in addition, we may encounter additional transaction costs and costs to manage our investment in oncor, may fail to realize some or any of the benefits anticipated in the merger, may be subject to currently unknown liabilities as a result of the merger, or may be subject to other factors that affect preliminary estimates. as a result, there can be no assurance that the merger will positively impact our results of operations, and it is possible that the merger may have an adverse effect, which could be material, on our results of operations, financial condition and prospects or may cause our earnings per share to decrease, any of which may materially adversely affect the market price of our common stock, preferred stock and debt securities.
63
certain "ring-fencing" measures and other existing governance mechanisms will limit our ability to influence the management and policies of oncor.
efh and oncor implemented various "ring-fencing" measures in 2007 to enhance oncor's separateness from its owners and to mitigate the risk that oncor would be negatively impacted in the event of a bankruptcy or other adverse financial developments affecting its owners. this ring-fence has created both legal and financial separation between oncor holdings, oncor and their subsidiaries, on the one hand, and efh and its affiliates and other subsidiaries, on the other hand.
pursuant to the agreements related to the merger, existing governance mechanisms, and commitments that we made as part of our application to the puct for approval of the merger and the related stipulation with key stakeholders in the proceeding, we have committed to certain "ring-fencing" measures and will be subject to certain restrictions following the merger. these measures, governance mechanisms and restrictions include the following, among other things:
▪   following consummation of the merger, the board of directors of oncor will consist of thirteen members, seven of which will be independent directors in all material respects under the rules of the new york stock exchange in relation to sempra energy and its subsidiaries and affiliated entities and any entity with a direct or indirect ownership interest in oncor or oncor holdings (and those directors must have no material relationship with sempra energy or its affiliates, or any other entity with a direct or indirect ownership interest in oncor or oncor holdings, at the time of the merger or within the previous 10 years), two of which will be designated by sempra energy, two of which will be appointed by oncor's minority owner, tti, which is an investment vehicle owned by third parties unaffiliated with efh and sempra energy and that owns approximately 19.75 percent of the outstanding membership interests in oncor, and two of which will be members of oncor management, initially robert s. shapard and e. allen nye, jr., who no later than the closing of the merger will be the chair of the oncor board and chief executive officer of oncor, respectively. in addition, oncor holdings will also continue to have a majority of independent directors following the consummation of the merger;
▪   if the credit rating on oncor's senior secured debt by any of the three major rating agencies falls below bbb (or the equivalent), oncor will suspend dividends and other distributions (except for contractual tax payments), unless otherwise allowed by the puct;
▪   we have agreed to make, within 60 days after the merger, our proportionate share of the aggregate equity investment in oncor in an amount necessary for oncor to achieve a capital structure consisting of 57.5 percent long-term debt and 42.5 percent equity, as calculated for regulatory purposes;
▪   oncor may not pay dividends or make any other distributions (except for contractual tax payments) to its owners, including sempra energy, if a majority of its independent directors or a minority member director determines that it is in the best interests of oncor to retain such amounts to meet expected future requirements (including continuing compliance with its debt-to-equity ratio required by the puct described above);
▪   certain transactions, including certain mergers and sales of substantially all assets, changes to the dividend policy and declarations of bankruptcy and liquidation, require the approval of all, or in certain circumstances a majority, of the independent directors of oncor and at least one, or in certain circumstances both, of the directors appointed by oncor's minority owner, tti; and
▪   there must be maintained certain "separateness measures" that reinforce the financial separation of oncor from efh and efh's owners, such as a prohibition on oncor providing guarantees or security for debt of efh or sempra energy.
pursuant to the stipulation, the current independent directors for oncor and oncor holdings will continue to serve for three years following the closing of the merger, and thereafter two of these independent directors will cease to be members of their respective boards every two years. each subsequent independent director will be elected for a term of four years. the stipulation also provides that oncor holdings will have a nominating committee comprised entirely of independent directors, who will nominate the independent director board member candidates of oncor and oncor holdings, subject to approval by a majority of the remaining independent directors of oncor holdings. if any independent director is removed, retires or is unable to serve, the stipulation provides that a replacement independent director must be chosen by the nominating committee of oncor holdings and approved by a majority of the remaining independent directors of oncor holdings. under the stipulation, the duties of the board members of oncor and oncor holdings will be to act in the best interests of oncor consistent with the approved ring-fence and delaware law. any future changes to the size, composition, structure or rights of the boards of oncor and oncor holdings must first be approved by the puct.
accordingly, we will not control oncor or oncor holdings and will have only a limited ability to direct the management, policies and operations of oncor, including the deployment or disposition of oncor assets, declarations of dividends, strategic planning and other important corporate actions and issues. the existence of these ring-fencing measures may increase our costs of financing and operating efh and its subsidiaries. further, the oncor directors have considerable autonomy and, as described in our commitments, have a duty to act in the best interest of oncor consistent with the approved ring-fence and delaware law, which may be contrary to our best interests or be in opposition to our preferred strategic direction for oncor. to the extent they
64
take actions that are not in our interests, the financial condition, results of operations and prospects of the combined company may be materially adversely affected.
certain key personnel at oncor may choose to depart oncor prior to, upon completion of or shortly after the merger, and any loss of key personnel may materially adversely affect the future business and operations of oncor and the anticipated benefits of the merger.
if, despite efforts to retain certain key personnel at oncor, any key personnel depart or fail to continue employment as a result of the merger, the loss of the services of such personnel and their experience and knowledge could adversely affect oncor's results of operations, financial condition and prospects and the successful ongoing operation of its business, which could also have a material adverse effect on the results of operations, financial condition and prospects of the combined company after completion of the merger.
if oncor fails to respond to challenges in the electric utility industry, including changes in regulation, its results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected, and this could materially adversely affect the combined company.
because oncor is regulated by both u.s. federal and texas state authorities, it has been and will continue to be affected by legislative and regulatory developments. the costs and burdens associated with complying with these regulatory requirements and adjusting oncor's business to legislative and regulatory developments may have a material adverse effect on oncor. moreover, potential legislative changes, regulatory changes or other market or industry changes may create greater risks to the predictability of utility earnings generally. if oncor does not successfully respond to these changes, it could suffer a deterioration in its results of operations, financial condition and prospects, which could materially adversely affect the results of operations, financial condition and prospects of the combined company after the merger.
oncor's operations are capital intensive and it could have liquidity needs that may require us to make additional investments in oncor.
oncor's business is capital intensive, and it relies on external financing as a significant source of liquidity for its capital requirements. in the past, oncor has financed a substantial portion of its cash needs with the proceeds from indebtedness. in the event that oncor fails to meet its capital requirements or if its credit ratings at closing by any one of the three major rating agencies are below the ratings as of june 30, 2017, we may be required to make additional investments in oncor or if oncor is unable to access sufficient capital to finance its ongoing needs, we may elect to make additional investments in oncor which could be substantial and which would reduce the cash available to us for other purposes, could increase our indebtedness and could ultimately materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and prospects after the merger. in that regard, our commitments to the puct prohibit us from making loans to oncor. as a result, if oncor requires additional financing and cannot obtain it from other sources, we may be required to make a capital contribution, rather than a loan, to oncor.
the market value of our common stock could decline if our existing shareholders sell large amounts of our common stock in anticipation of or following the merger, and the market prices of our common stock, preferred stock and debt securities may be affected by factors following the merger that are different from those affecting the market prices for our common stock, preferred stock and debt securities prior to the merger.
following the merger, shareholders of sempra energy will own interests in a combined company operating an expanded business with more assets and more indebtedness. current shareholders of sempra energy may not wish to continue to invest in the combined company, or may wish to reduce their investment in the combined company, for a number of reasons, which may include loss of confidence in the ability of the combined company to execute its business strategies, to comply with institutional investing guidelines, to increase diversification or to track any rebalancing of stock indices in which sempra energy common stock is included. if, before or following the merger, large amounts of sempra energy common stock are sold, the market price of our common stock could decline. in addition, we are more exposed to rising interest rates due to our use of floating rate notes and significant increase in the amount of debt outstanding to finance the merger.
if the merger is consummated, the risks associated with the combined company may affect the results of operations of the combined company and the market prices of our common stock, preferred stock and debt securities following the merger differently than they affected such results of operations and market prices prior to the merger. additionally, the results of operations of the combined company may be affected by additional or different risks than those that currently affect the results of operations of sempra energy. any of the foregoing matters could materially adversely affect the market prices of our common stock, preferred stock and debt securities following the merger.
settlement provisions contained in our equity forward sale agreements subject us to certain risks.
in january 2018, we completed the offering of 23,364,486 shares of our common stock pursuant to forward sale agreements (the forward sale agreements) to raise proceeds to fund a portion of the merger consideration. the counterparties to the forward sale
65
agreements (the forward purchasers) will have the right to accelerate the forward sale agreements (or, in certain cases, the portion thereof that they determine is affected by the relevant event) and require us to physically settle the forward sale agreements on a date specified by the forward purchasers if:
▪   they are unable to establish, maintain or unwind their hedge position with respect to the forward sale agreements;
▪   they determine that they are unable to, or it is commercially impracticable for them to, continue to borrow a number of shares of our common stock equal to the number of shares of our common stock underlying the forward sale agreements or that, with respect to borrowing such number of shares of our common stock, they would incur a rate that is greater than the borrow cost specified in the forward sale agreements, subject to a prior notice requirement;
▪   we declare or pay cash dividends on shares of our common stock in an amount in excess of amounts, or at a time before, those prescribed by the forward sale agreements or declare or pay certain other types of dividends or distributions on shares of our common stock;
▪   an event is announced that, if consummated, would result in an extraordinary event (including certain mergers and tender offers, our nationalization, our insolvency and the delisting of the shares of our common stock);
▪   an ownership event (as such term is defined in the forward sale agreements) occurs; or
▪   certain other events of default, termination events or other specified events occur, including, among other things, a change in law.
the forward purchasers' decision to exercise their right to accelerate the forward sale agreements (or, in certain cases, the portion thereof that they determine is affected by the relevant event) and to require us to settle the forward sale agreements will be made irrespective of our interests, including our need for capital. in such cases, we could be required to issue and deliver our common stock under the terms of the physical settlement provisions of the forward sale agreements irrespective of our capital needs, which would result in dilution to our earnings per share and may adversely affect the market price of our common stock, our mandatory convertible preferred stock, any other equity that we may issue, and our debt securities.
the forward sale agreements provide for settlement on a settlement date or dates to be specified at our discretion, but which we expect to occur in multiple settlements on or prior to december 15, 2019. subject to the provisions of the forward sale agreements, delivery of our shares upon physical or net share settlement of the forward sale agreements will result in dilution to our earnings per share and may adversely affect the market price of our common stock, mandatory convertible preferred stock and any other equity that we may issue.
we may elect, subject to certain conditions, cash settlement or net share settlement for all or a portion of our obligations under the forward sale agreements if we conclude that it is in our interest to do so. for example, we may conclude that it is in our interest to cash settle or net share settle the forward sale agreements if the merger does not close or if we otherwise have no current use for all or a portion of the net proceeds due upon physical settlement of the forward sale agreements.
if we elect to cash or net share settle all or a portion of the shares of our common stock underlying the forward sale agreements, we would expect the forward purchasers or one of their affiliates to purchase the number of shares necessary, based on the number of shares with respect to which we have elected cash or net share settlement, in order to satisfy their obligation to return the shares of our common stock they had borrowed in connection with sales of our common stock related to our january 2018 common stock offering and, if applicable in connection with net share settlement, to deliver shares of our common stock to us or take into account shares of our common stock to be delivered by us, as applicable. the purchase of our common stock by the forward purchasers or their affiliates to unwind the forward purchasers' hedge positions could cause the price of our common stock to increase over time, thereby increasing the amount of cash or the number of shares of our common stock that we would owe to the forward purchasers upon cash settlement or net share settlement, as the case may be, of the forward sale agreements, or decreasing the amount of cash or the number of shares of our common stock that the forward purchasers owe us upon cash settlement or net share settlement, as the case may be, of the forward sale agreements.
dividend requirements associated with the mandatory convertible preferred stock sempra energy issued to finance a portion of the merger consideration subject us to certain risks.
in january 2018, sempra energy issued 17,250,000 shares of its mandatory convertible preferred stock. any future payments of cash dividends, and the amount of any cash dividends we pay, on the mandatory convertible preferred stock will depend on, among other things, our financial condition, capital requirements and results of operations, and the ability of our subsidiaries and investments to distribute cash to us, as well as other factors that our board of directors (or an authorized committee thereof) may consider relevant. any failure to pay scheduled dividends on the mandatory convertible preferred stock when due would likely have a material adverse impact on the market price of the mandatory convertible preferred stock, our common stock and our debt securities and would prohibit us, under the terms of the mandatory convertible preferred stock, from paying cash dividends on or
66
repurchasing shares of our common stock (subject to limited exceptions) until such time as we have paid all accumulated and unpaid dividends on the mandatory convertible preferred stock.
the terms of the mandatory convertible preferred stock further provide that if dividends on any shares of the mandatory convertible preferred stock (i) have not been declared and paid, or (ii) have been declared but a sum of cash or number of shares of our common stock sufficient for payment thereof has not been set aside for the benefit of the holders thereof on the applicable record date, in each case, for the equivalent of six or more dividend periods, whether or not for consecutive dividend periods, the holders of shares of mandatory convertible preferred stock, voting together as a single class with holders of any and all other classes or series of our preferred stock ranking equally with the mandatory convertible preferred stock either as to dividends or the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up and having similar voting rights, will be entitled to elect a total of two additional members of our board of directors, subject to certain terms and limitations described in the certificate of determination applicable to the mandatory convertible preferred stock.
other risks sempra energy has substantial investments in and obligations arising from businesses that it does not control or manage or in which it shares control.
sempra energy makes investments in entities that we do not control or manage or in which we share control. as described above, sdg&e holds a 20-percent ownership interest in songs, which is in the process of being decommissioned by edison, its majority owner. sempra lng & midstream accounts for its investment in the cameron lng jv under the equity method, which investment is $997 million at december 31, 2017. at december 31, 2017, sempra renewables had investments totaling $813 million in several joint ventures to operate renewable generation facilities. sempra mexico has a 40-percent interest in a joint venture with a subsidiary of transcanada to build, own and operate the sur de texas-tuxpan natural gas marine pipeline in mexico, a 50-percent interest in a renewables wind project in baja california, and a 50-percent interest in the los ramones norte pipeline in mexico. at december 31, 2017, these various joint venture investments by sempra mexico totaled $624 million. sempra energy has an investment balance of $67 million at december 31, 2017 that reflects remaining distributions expected to be received from the rbs sempra commodities partnership as it is dissolved. the timing and amount of distributions may be impacted by the matters we discuss related to rbs sempra commodities in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. the failure to collect all or a substantial portion of our remaining investment in the rbs sempra commodities partnership could have a corresponding impact on our cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
sempra mexico, sempra renewables and sempra lng & midstream have provided guarantees related to joint venture financing agreements, and sempra south american utilities and sempra mexico have provided loans to joint ventures in which they have investments and to other affiliates. we discuss the guarantees in note 4 and affiliate loans in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
we have limited influence over these ventures and other businesses in which we do not have a controlling interest. in addition to the other risks inherent in these businesses, if their management were to fail to perform adequately or the other investors in the businesses were unable or otherwise failed to perform their obligations to provide capital and credit support for these businesses, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and/or prospects. we discuss our investments further in notes 3, 4 and 10 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
market performance or changes in other assumptions could require sempra energy, sdg&e and/or socalgas to make significant unplanned contributions to their pension and other postretirement benefit plans.
sempra energy, sdg&e and socalgas provide defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefits to eligible employees and retirees. a decline in the market value of plan assets may increase the funding requirements for these plans. in addition, the cost of providing pension and other postretirement benefits is also affected by other factors, including the assumed rate of return on plan assets, employee demographics, discount rates used in determining future benefit obligations, rates of increase in health care costs, levels of assumed interest rates and future governmental regulation. an adverse change in any of these factors could cause a material increase in our funding obligations which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and/or prospects.
67
impairment of goodwill would negatively impact our consolidated results of operations and net worth.
as of december 31, 2017, sempra energy had approximately $2.4 billion of goodwill, which represented approximately 4.8 percent of the total assets on its consolidated balance sheet, primarily related to the acquisitions of ienova pipelines and ventika in mexico, chilquinta energía in chile and luz del sur in peru. goodwill is not amortized, but we test it for impairment annually on october 1 or whenever events or changes in circumstances necessitate an evaluation, which could result in our recording a goodwill impairment loss. we discuss our annual goodwill impairment testing process and the factors considered in such testing in "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - critical accounting policies and estimates" and in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. a goodwill impairment loss could materially adversely affect our results of operations for the period in which such charge is recorded.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
73
key events and issues in 2017
below are key events and issues that affected our business in 2017; some of these may continue to affect our future results.
▪   in june 2017, sempra mexico reduced the carrying value of tdm by recognizing an impairment charge ($47 million earnings impact).
▪   in july 2017, sempra renewables acquired the great valley solar project located in fresno county, california for initial cash consideration of $124 million, with an expected investment totaling $375 million to $425 million once fully constructed.
▪   in august 2017, sempra energy entered into a merger agreement to acquire efh, the indirect owner of an 80.03-percent interest in oncor, for the merger consideration of $9.45 billion in cash. we expect the merger to close in the first half of 2018.
▪   in september 2017, sdg&amp;e recognized a charge for the write-off of a regulatory asset associated with wildfire costs ($208 million earnings impact).
▪   in november 2017, ienova purchased the remaining 50-percent interest in den, which owns a 50-percent interest in the los ramones norte pipeline through tag, for total consideration of $165 million, plus the assumption of $96 million of short-term debt.
▪   in december 2017, cameron lng jv entered into a settlement agreement with its epc contractor for the cameron lng jv liquefaction facility. we discuss the agreement below in "factors influencing future performance - cameron lng jv three-train liquefaction project."
▪   in december 2017, the tcja was signed into law, resulting in an $870 million increase in income tax expense at sempra energy consolidated in the fourth quarter of 2017 from the effects of the tcja. we discuss the impact of the tcja below in "changes in revenues, costs and earnings - income taxes" and in note 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
▪   socalgas has resumed injections and withdrawals, on a limited basis, at its aliso canyon natural gas storage facility. as of december 31, 2017, socalgas' cost estimate is $913 million related to the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility gas leak, which includes $887 million of costs recovered or probable of recovery from insurance, as we discuss in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
results of operations in 2017, our earnings decreased by approximately $1.1 billion (81%) to $256 million and our diluted eps decreased by $4.45 per share (82%) to $1.01 per share. in 2016 compared to 2015, our earnings increased by $21 million (2%) to $1.4 billion and our diluted eps increased by $0.09 per share (2%) to $5.46 per share. our earnings and diluted eps were impacted by variances discussed in "segment results" below and by the items included in the table "sempra energy adjusted earnings and adjusted earnings per share," also below.
74
segment results the following section presents earnings (losses) by sempra energy segment, as well as parent and other, and the related discussion of the changes in segment earnings (losses). variance amounts presented are the after-tax earnings impact (based on applicable statutory tax rates), unless otherwise noted, and before noncontrolling interests, where applicable.
sempra energy earnings (losses) by segment
(dollars in millions)
years ended december 31,
2017                                                                 2016                    2015
sempra utilities:
sdg&amp;e                              $407                    $570                    $587
socalgas(1)                             396                     349                     419
sempra south american utilities         186                     156                     175
sempra infrastructure:
sempra mexico                           169                     463                     213
sempra renewables                       252                      55                      63
sempra lng &amp; midstream              150                    (107     )                44
parent and other(2)                  (1,304     )              (116     )              (152     )
earnings                               $256                  $1,370                  $1,349
(1)   after preferred dividends.
(2)   includes $1,165 million income tax expense from the effects of the tcja in 2017, and after-tax interest expense ($170 million in 2017, $169 million in 2016 and $157 million in 2015), intercompany eliminations recorded in consolidation and certain corporate costs.
sempra utilities sdg&e the decrease in earnings of $163 million (29%) in 2017 was primarily due to:
▪   $208 million charge for the write-off of a regulatory asset associated with wildfire costs, which we discuss in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements;
▪   $28 million unfavorable impact from the remeasurement of certain u.s. federal deferred income tax assets from 35 percent to 21 percent as a result of the tcja; and
▪   $7 million income tax benefit in 2016 associated with excess tax benefits related to share-based compensation; offset by
▪   $31 million of charges in 2016 associated with 2012-2015 income tax benefits generated from income tax repairs deductions that were reallocated to ratepayers pursuant to the 2016 grc fd;
▪   $27 million higher cpuc base operating margin authorized for 2017 and lower non-refundable operating costs;
▪   $17 million increase in afudc related to equity; and
▪   $8 million favorable impact in 2017 from the resolution of prior years' income tax items.
the decrease in earnings of $17 million (3%) in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to:
▪   $31 million of charges associated with 2012-2015 income tax benefits generated from income tax repairs deductions that were reallocated to ratepayers pursuant to the 2016 grc fd;
▪   $15 million reduction to the loss from plant closure in 2015 primarily based on the cpuc approval of a compliance filing related to sdg&amp;e's authorized recovery of its investment in songs pursuant to an amended settlement agreement approved by the cpuc in 2014;
▪   $9 million lower favorable impact in 2016 related to the resolution of prior years' income tax items; and
▪   $7 million lower earnings from electric transmission primarily due to lower formulaic revenues associated with lower borrowing costs; offset by
▪   $23 million higher cpuc base operating margin authorized for 2016, including lower generation major maintenance costs, and lower non-refundable operating costs;
▪   $9 million increase in afudc related to equity;
▪   $7 million income tax benefit associated with excess tax benefits related to share-based compensation; and
▪   $7 million lower net interest expense.
75
socalgas the increase in earnings of $47 million (13%) in 2017 was primarily due to:
▪   $49 million of charges in 2016 associated with 2012-2015 income tax benefits generated from income tax repairs deductions that were reallocated to ratepayers pursuant to the 2016 grc fd;
▪   $16 million higher earnings associated with the psep and advanced metering assets; and
▪   $13 million impairment of assets in 2016 related to the southern gas system reliability project (also referred to as the north-south pipeline); offset by
▪   $20 million for aliso canyon litigation reserves; and
▪   $4 million income tax benefit in 2016 associated with excess tax benefits related to share-based compensation.
the decrease in earnings of $70 million (17%) in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to:
▪   $49 million of charges associated with 2012-2015 income tax benefits generated from income tax repairs deductions that were reallocated to ratepayers pursuant to the 2016 grc fd;
▪   $16 million charge associated with tracking the 2016 income tax benefit from certain flow-through items in relation to forecasted amounts in the 2016 grc fd;
▪   $16 million lower favorable impact in 2016 related to the resolution of prior years' income tax items;
▪   $13 million impairment of assets related to the southern gas system reliability project;
▪   $13 million lower regulatory awards;
▪   $11 million of earnings in 2015 from a cpuc-approved retroactive increase in authorized grc revenue requirement for years 2012 through 2014 due to increased rate base; and
▪   $8 million higher net interest expense primarily due to debt issuances in the second quarter of 2015; offset by
▪   $27 million higher cpuc base operating margin authorized for 2016, and lower non-refundable operating costs; and
▪   $23 million higher earnings associated with the psep and advanced metering assets.
sempra south american utilities because our operations in south america use their local currency as their functional currency, revenues and expenses are translated into u.s. dollars at average exchange rates for the period for consolidation in sempra energy consolidated's results of operations. the year-to-year variances discussed below are as adjusted for the difference in foreign currency translation rates between years. we discuss these and other foreign currency effects below in "impact of foreign currency and inflation rates on results of operations."
the increase in earnings of $30 million (19%) in 2017 was primarily due to:
▪   $16 million lower income tax expense, including $17 million income tax expense in 2016 related to peruvian tax reform, as we discuss below in "changes in revenues, costs and earnings - income taxes;"
▪   $8 million higher earnings from operations primarily due to an increase in rates and lower operating expenses at luz del sur; and
▪   $6 million higher earnings from foreign currency translation effects.
the decrease in earnings of $19 million (11%) in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to:
▪   $15 million higher income tax expense, including $17 million related to peruvian tax reform;
▪   $9 million lower earnings from foreign currency translation effects;
▪   $7 million business interruption insurance proceeds in 2015 for the santa teresa hydroelectric power plant, which was expected to begin commercial operation in september 2014, but did not commence operation until september 2015 due to construction delays; and
▪   $3 million lower capitalized interest primarily due to completion of construction of the santa teresa hydroelectric power plant in 2015; offset by
▪   $10 million higher earnings from operations mainly due to the start of operations of the santa teresa hydroelectric power plant in september 2015.
sempra infrastructure sempra mexico the decrease in earnings of $294 million in 2017 was primarily due to:
76
▪   $432 million noncash gain in 2016 associated with the remeasurement of our equity interest in ienova pipelines (formerly known as gdc);
▪   $36 million favorable impact in 2016 due to $55 million favorable foreign currency and inflation effects, offset by a $19 million loss from foreign currency derivatives, which we use to hedge sempra mexico's foreign currency exposure from its controlling interest in ienova, compared to $35 million unfavorable impact in 2017 due to $84 million unfavorable foreign currency and inflation effects, offset by a $49 million gain from foreign currency derivatives. we discuss these effects below in "impact of foreign currency and inflation rate on results of operations;"
▪   $28 million higher income tax expense in 2017 mainly related to a deferred income tax liability on an outside basis difference in joint venture investments; and
▪   $28 million higher interest expense, including $19 million at ventika and $8 million at ienova pipelines related to debt assumed in their respective acquisitions; offset by
▪   $98 million higher pipeline operational earnings, primarily attributable to the increase in ownership in ienova pipelines from 50 percent to 100 percent in september 2016 and from other pipeline assets placed in service;
▪   $73 million earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests at ienova in 2017, compared to $133 million in 2016, as we discuss below in "changes in revenues, costs and earnings - earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests;"
▪   $71 million impairment in 2017 of tdm assets held for sale, net of a $12 million income tax benefit that has been fully reserved, compared to a $111 million impairment in 2016 of such assets;
▪   $34 million higher operational earnings in 2017 from sempra mexico's renewables business, primarily due to ventika, which we acquired in december 2016; and
▪   $8 million tax benefit in 2017 from a reduction to the outside basis deferred tax liability on our investment in the tdm natural gas-fired power plant that is held for sale, compared to an $8 million tax expense in 2016.
the increase in earnings of $250 million in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to:
▪   $432 million noncash gain associated with the remeasurement of our 50-percent equity interest in ienova pipelines;
▪   $20 million incremental earnings from the increase in our ownership interest in ienova pipelines from 50 percent to 100 percent in september 2016; and
▪   $8 million increase in earnings from our natural gas local distribution company mainly associated with new distribution rates; offset by
▪   $111 million impairment of tdm assets held for sale;
▪   $80 million increase in earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests at ienova;
▪   $36 million favorable impact in 2016, compared to $49 million favorable impact in 2015 due primarily to transactional effects from foreign currency and inflation, including amounts in equity earnings from our joint ventures; and
▪   $8 million deferred income tax expense on our investment in tdm as a result of management's decision to hold the asset for sale.
sempra renewables the increase in earnings of $197 million in 2017 was primarily due to:
▪   $192 million favorable impact from the remeasurement of u.s. federal deferred income tax liabilities from 35 percent to 21 percent as a result of the tcja; and
▪   $14 million higher earnings from our solar tax equity investments, including $19 million of higher pretax losses attributed to solar tax equity investors reflected in noncontrolling interests, offset by $7 million associated income taxes; offset by
▪   $6 million higher general and administrative and development costs.
the decrease in earnings of $8 million (13%) in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to:
▪   $12 million lower solar itcs from projects placed in service in 2015; and
▪   $5 million gain in 2015 from the sale of the rosamond solar development project; offset by
▪   $8 million higher earnings from increased production at our wind and solar assets.
sempra lng & midstream the increase of $257 million in 2017 was primarily due to:
▪   $133 million favorable impact from the remeasurement of u.s. federal deferred income tax liabilities from 35 percent to 21 percent as a result of the tcja;
▪   $123 million loss in 2016 on permanent release of certain pipeline capacity;
▪   $40 million improved results in 2017 due to unfavorable results from midstream activities, including lng operations, in 2016;
77
▪   $34 million settlement proceeds received from a breach of contract claim against a counterparty in bankruptcy court, of which $28 million was related to the charge in 2016 from the permanent release of certain pipeline capacity, as we discuss in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements; and
▪   $27 million impairment charge in 2016 related to our investment in rockies express; offset by
▪   $78 million gain on the sale of energysouth in september 2016, net of related expenses;
▪   $11 million lower equity earnings resulting from the sale of our investment in rockies express in may 2016; and
▪   $6 million lower earnings in 2017 due to the sale of energysouth in september 2016.
the decrease of $151 million in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to:
▪   $123 million loss on permanent release of pipeline capacity;
▪   $36 million gain in 2015 on the sale of the remaining 625-mw block of the mesquite power plant, net of related expenses;
▪   $36 million lower equity earnings resulting from the sale of our investment in rockies express;
▪   $27 million impairment charge related to our investment in rockies express; and
▪   $15 million lower results primarily driven by changes in natural gas prices; offset by
▪   $78 million gain on the sale of energysouth, net of related expenses.
parent and other the increase in losses of $1.2 billion in 2017 was primarily due to:
▪   $1,147 million income tax expense in 2017 compared to a $54 million tax benefit in 2016, primarily due to:
◦   $1,165 million unfavorable impact from the tcja, including:
▪   $477 million from the remeasurement of u.s. federal deferred income tax balances from 35 percent to 21 percent,
▪   $360 million u.s. state and non-u.s. withholding tax expense on our expected repatriation of foreign undistributed earnings estimated for deemed repatriation, and
▪   $328 million of u.s. federal deemed repatriation tax,
◦   $20 million u.s. income tax benefit in 2016 as a result of a change in planned repatriation of earnings, as we discuss below in "changes in revenues, costs and earnings - income taxes," and
◦   $17 million income tax benefit in 2016 associated with excess tax benefits related to share-based compensation; and
▪   $20 million of costs in 2017 associated with foreign currency derivatives; offset by
▪   $31 million higher investment gains on dedicated assets in support of our executive retirement and deferred compensation plans, net of an increase in deferred compensation expense associated with those investments.
the decrease in losses of $36 million (24%) in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to:
▪   $32 million higher income tax benefits, including:
◦   $40 million lower u.s. tax expense in 2016 as a result of a change in planned repatriation, and
◦   $17 million income tax benefit associated with excess tax benefits related to share-based compensation, offset by
◦   $14 million income tax benefits in 2015 associated with the favorable resolution of prior years' income tax items, and
◦   $7 million income tax benefits in 2015 from a decrease in state valuation allowances; and
▪   $10 million higher investment gains in 2016 on dedicated assets in support of our executive retirement and deferred compensation plans, net of an increase in deferred compensation expense associated with those investments; offset by
▪   $10 million higher net interest expense.
adjusted earnings and adjusted earnings per share we prepare the consolidated financial statements in conformity with u.s. gaap. however, management may use earnings and eps adjusted to exclude certain items (referred to as adjusted earnings and adjusted eps) internally for financial planning, for analysis of performance and for reporting of results to the board of directors. we may also use adjusted earnings and adjusted eps when communicating our financial results and earnings outlook to analysts and investors. adjusted earnings and adjusted eps are non-gaap financial measures. because of the significance and/or nature of the excluded items, management believes that these non-gaap financial measures provide a meaningful comparison of the performance of business operations to prior and future periods. non-gaap financial measures are supplementary information that should be considered in addition to, but not as a substitute for, the information prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap.
78
the table below reconciles sempra energy adjusted earnings and adjusted diluted eps to gaap earnings and gaap diluted eps, which we consider to be the most directly comparable financial measures calculated in accordance with u.s. gaap, for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015.
sempra energy adjusted earnings and adjusted earnings per share
(dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
pretax amount                   income tax expense (benefit)(1)         non-controlling interests                     earnings              dilutedeps year ended december 31, 2017
sempra energy gaap earnings                                                                                                                                                              $256                   $1.01
excluded items:
impact from the tcja                                                 $-                                            $870                      $-                                           870                    3.45
write-off of wildfire regulatory asset                               351                                           (143            )         -                                            208                    0.82
impairment of tdm assets held for sale                               71                                               -                      (24                   )                       47                    0.19
aliso canyon litigation reserves                                     20                                               -                      -                                             20                    0.08
deferred income tax benefit associated with tdm                      -                                               (8            )                           3                           (5     )             (0.02     )
recoveries related to 2016 permanent release of pipeline capacity    (47           )      19                                                 -                                            (28     )             (0.11     )
sempra energy adjusted earnings                                                                                                                                                        $1,368                   $5.42
weighted-average number of shares outstanding, diluted (thousands)                                                                                                                                            252,300
year ended december 31, 2016
sempra energy gaap earnings                                                                                                                                                            $1,370                   $5.46
excluded items:
remeasurement gain in connection with gdc acquisition                $(617         )                               $185                      $82                                         (350     )             (1.39     )
gain on sale of energysouth                                          (130          )      52                                                 -                                            (78     )             (0.31     )
permanent release of pipeline capacity                               206                                            (83            )         -                                            123                    0.49
sdg&amp;e tax repairs adjustments related to 2016 grc fd             52                                             (21            )         -                                             31                    0.12
socalgas tax repairs adjustments related to 2016 grc fd              83                                             (34            )         -                                             49                    0.19
impairment of investment in rockies express                          44                                             (17            )         -                                             27                    0.11
impairment of tdm assets held for sale                               131                                            (20            )         (21                   )                       90                    0.36
deferred income tax expense associated with tdm                      -                    8                                                  (3                    )                        5                    0.02
sempra energy adjusted earnings                                                                                                                                                        $1,267                   $5.05
weighted-average number of shares outstanding, diluted (thousands)                                                                                                                                            251,155
year ended december 31, 2015
sempra energy gaap earnings                                                                                                                                                            $1,349                   $5.37
excluded items:
gain on sale of mesquite power block 2                               $(61          )                                $25                      $-                                           (36     )             (0.14     )
songs plant closure adjustment                                       (26           )      11                                                 -                                            (15     )             (0.06     )
sempra energy adjusted earnings                                                                                                                                                        $1,298                   $5.17
weighted-average number of shares outstanding, diluted (thousands)                                                                                                                                            250,923
(1)   income taxes were calculated based on applicable statutory tax rates, except for adjustments that are solely income tax. income taxes associated with tdm were calculated based on the applicable statutory tax rate, including translation from historic to current exchange rates. an income tax benefit of $12 million associated with the 2017 tdm impairment has been fully reserved.
the table below reconciles sdg&e adjusted earnings to gaap earnings, which we consider to be the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with u.s. gaap, for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015.
sdg&amp;e adjusted earnings
(dollars in millions)
pretax amount             income tax expense (benefit)(1)             earnings year ended december 31, 2017
sdg&amp;e gaap earnings                                                                                        $407
excluded items:
impact from the tcja                     $-                        $28                                    28
write-off of wildfire regulatory asset   351                       (143                      )            208
sdg&amp;e adjusted earnings                                                                                    $643
79
year ended december 31, 2016
sdg&amp;e gaap earnings                                                                               $570
excluded item:
sdg&amp;e tax repairs adjustments related to 2016 grc fd   $52                 $(21      )    31
sdg&amp;e adjusted earnings                                                                           $601
year ended december 31, 2015
sdg&amp;e gaap earnings                                                                               $587
excluded item:
songs plant closure adjustment                             $(26      )         $11                     (15    )
sdg&amp;e adjusted earnings                                                                           $572
(1)   income taxes were calculated based on applicable statutory tax rates, except for adjustments that are solely income tax.
the table below reconciles socalgas adjusted earnings to gaap earnings, which we consider to be the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with u.s. gaap, for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016. socalgas had no reconciling adjustments for the year ended december 31, 2015.
socalgas adjusted earnings
(dollars in millions)
pretax amount             income tax expense (benefit)(1)                 earnings year ended december 31, 2017
socalgas gaap earnings                                                                                                             $396
excluded items:
impact from the tcja                                      $-                        $2                                     2
aliso canyon litigation reserves                          20                        -                                      20
socalgas adjusted earnings                                                                                                         $418
year ended december 31, 2016
socalgas gaap earnings                                                                                                             $349
excluded item:
socalgas tax repairs adjustments related to 2016 grc fd   $83                       $(34                      )            49
socalgas adjusted earnings                                                                                                         $398
(1)   income taxes were calculated based on applicable statutory tax rates, except for adjustments that are solely income tax.
changes in revenues, costs and earnings this section contains a discussion of the differences between periods in the specific line items of the consolidated statements of operations for sempra energy, sdg&e and socalgas.
utilities revenues our utilities revenues include electric revenues at:
▪   sdg&amp;e
▪   sempra south american utilities' chilquinta energía and luz del sur natural gas revenues at:
▪   sdg&amp;e
▪   socalgas
▪   sempra mexico's ecogas
▪   sempra lng &amp; midstream's mobile gas and willmut gas (prior to the sale of energysouth on september 12, 2016)
intercompany revenues included in the separate revenues of each utility are eliminated in the sempra energy consolidated statements of operations.
socalgas and sdg&e currently operate under a regulatory framework that:
80
▪   permits sdg&amp;e to recover the actual cost incurred to generate or procure electricity based on annual estimates of the cost of electricity supplied to customers. the differences in cost between estimates and actual are recovered in subsequent periods through rates.
▪   permits the cost of natural gas purchased for core customers (primarily residential and small commercial and industrial customers) to be passed through to customers in rates substantially as incurred. however, socalgas' gcim provides socalgas the opportunity to share in the savings and/or costs from buying natural gas for its core customers at prices below or above monthly market-based benchmarks. this mechanism permits full recovery of costs incurred when average purchase costs are within a price range around the benchmark price. any higher costs incurred or savings realized outside this range are shared between the core customers and socalgas. we provide further discussion in "item 1. business."
▪   also permits the california utilities to recover certain expenses for programs authorized by the cpuc, or "refundable programs."
because changes in sdg&e's and socalgas' cost of electricity and/or natural gas are substantially recovered in rates, changes in these costs are offset in the changes in revenues, and therefore do not impact earnings. in addition to the changes in cost or market prices, electric or natural gas revenues recorded during a period are impacted by customer billing cycles causing a difference between customer billings and recorded or authorized costs. these differences are required to be balanced over time, resulting in over- and undercollected regulatory balancing accounts. we discuss balancing accounts and their effects further in note 14 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
the table below summarizes revenues and cost of sales for our utilities.
utilities revenues and cost of sales
(dollars in millions)
years ended december 31,
2017                                                                            2016                    2015
electric revenues:
sdg&amp;e                                       $3,935                  $3,754                  $3,719
sempra south american utilities                  1,486                   1,463                   1,447
eliminations and adjustments(1)                     (6     )                (6     )                (8     )
total                                            5,415                   5,211                   5,158
natural gas revenues:
socalgas                                         3,785                   3,471                   3,489
sdg&amp;e                                          541                     499                     500
sempra mexico                                      110                      88                      81
sempra lng &amp; midstream(2)                        -                      68                     103
eliminations and adjustments(1)                    (75     )               (76     )               (77     )
total                                            4,361                   4,050                   4,096
total utilities revenues                        $9,776                  $9,261                  $9,254
cost of electric fuel and purchased power:
sdg&amp;e                                       $1,293                  $1,187                  $1,151
sempra south american utilities                    988                   1,001                     985
total                                           $2,281                  $2,188                  $2,136
cost of natural gas:
socalgas                                        $1,025                    $891                    $921
sdg&amp;e                                          164                     127                     153
sempra mexico                                       70                      52                      49
sempra lng &amp; midstream(2)                        -                      17                      31
eliminations and adjustments(1)                    (69     )               (20     )               (20     )
total                                           $1,190                  $1,067                  $1,134
(1) includes eliminations of intercompany activity.
(2) in september 2016, we completed the sale of energysouth, the parent company of mobile gas and willmut gas.
electric revenues and cost of electric fuel and purchased power our electric revenues increased by $204 million (4%) to $5.4 billion in 2017 primarily due to:
▪   $181 million increase at sdg&amp;e, including:
◦   $106 million higher cost of electric fuel and purchased power, which we discuss below,
◦   $52 million of charges in 2016 associated with 2012-2015 income tax benefits generated from income tax repairs deductions that were reallocated to ratepayers pursuant to the 2016 grc fd,
◦   $52 million increase in 2017 due to an increase in rates permitted under the attrition mechanism in the 2016 grc fd, and
81
◦   $31 million higher authorized revenues from electric transmission, offset by
◦   $50 million charge in 2017 associated with tracking the income tax benefit from certain flow-through items in relation to forecasted amounts in the 2016 grc fd,
◦   $9 million lower recovery of costs associated with cpuc-authorized refundable programs, which revenues are fully offset in o&amp;m, and
◦   $5 million in 2016 to reduce estimated 2015 income tax benefits generated from income tax repairs deductions that were reallocated to ratepayers pursuant to the 2016 grc fd to actual deductions taken on the 2015 tax return; and
▪   $23 million increase at sempra south american utilities, including:
◦   $56 million due to foreign currency exchange rate effects, and
◦   $44 million due to higher rates at luz del sur, offset by lower rates at chilquinta energía, offset by
◦   $75 million lower volumes at luz del sur, primarily due to the migration of regulated and non-regulated customers to tolling customers, who pay only a tolling fee.
in 2016 compared to 2015, our electric revenues increased by $53 million (1%), remaining at $5.2 billion, primarily due to:
▪   $35 million increase at sdg&amp;e, including:
◦   $37 million higher authorized revenue in the 2016 grc fd,
◦   $36 million higher cost of electric fuel and purchased power, which we discuss below,
◦   $31 million higher recovery of costs associated with cpuc-authorized refundable programs, which revenues are fully offset in o&amp;m, and
◦   $5 million to reduce estimated 2015 income tax benefits generated from income tax repairs deductions that were reallocated to ratepayers pursuant to the 2016 grc fd to actual deductions taken on the 2015 tax return, offset by
◦   $52 million of charges associated with 2012-2015 income tax benefits generated from income tax repairs deductions that were reallocated to ratepayers pursuant to the 2016 grc fd; and
▪   $16 million increase at sempra south american utilities, including:
◦   $117 million due to higher rates at luz del sur and chilquinta energía primarily due to $81 million of increased costs passed through to customers, offset by
◦   $69 million due to foreign currency exchange rate effects,
◦   $24 million lower volumes at luz del sur, net of the effects of higher revenues from the santa teresa hydroelectric power plant, which began commercial operations in september 2015, and
◦   $9 million business interruption insurance proceeds in 2015.
our utilities' cost of electric fuel and purchased power increased by $93 million (4%) to $2.3 billion in 2017 due to:
▪   $106 million increase at sdg&amp;e, primarily due to an increase in the cost of purchased power due to higher natural gas prices, an increase from the incremental purchase of renewable energy at higher prices and an additional capacity contract; offset by
▪   $13 million decrease at sempra south american utilities primarily due to:
◦   $48 million lower volumes at luz del sur, offset by
◦   $38 million due to foreign currency exchange rate effects.
our utilities' cost of electric fuel and purchased power increased by $52 million (2%) to $2.2 billion in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to:
▪   $36 million increase at sdg&amp;e, including:
◦   an increase from the incremental purchase of renewable energy at higher prices, offset by
◦   a decrease in cost of purchased power due to declining natural gas prices, and
◦   a decrease in consumption due to increased rooftop solar installations, weather impacts and energy efficiency initiatives; and
▪   $16 million increase at sempra south american utilities primarily due to:
◦   $81 million of increased costs passed through to customers, offset by
◦   $48 million due to foreign currency exchange rate effects, and
◦   $28 million lower volumes at luz del sur, net of the effects of increased costs at the santa teresa hydroelectric power plant.
natural gas revenues and cost of natural gas
82
the table below summarizes average cost of natural gas sold by the california utilities and included in cost of natural gas. the average cost of natural gas sold at each utility is impacted by market prices, as well as transportation, tariff and other charges.
california utilities average cost of natural gas
(dollars per thousand cubic feet)
years ended december 31,
2017                             2016                        2015
socalgas    $3.44                       $3.05                       $3.18
sdg&amp;e   4.08                 3.20                        4.05
in 2017, our natural gas revenues increased by $311 million (8%) to $4.4 billion primarily due to:
▪   $314 million increase at socalgas, which included
◦   $134 million increase in cost of natural gas sold, which we discuss below,
◦   $83 million of charges in 2016 associated with 2012-2015 income tax benefits generated from income tax repairs deductions that were reallocated to ratepayers pursuant to the 2016 grc fd,
◦   $57 million increase due to 2017 attrition,
◦   $49 million higher revenues primarily associated with the psep,
◦   $10 million higher recovery of costs associated with cpuc-authorized refundable programs, which revenues are fully offset in o&amp;m, and
◦   $5 million gcim award approved by the cpuc in january 2017, offset by
◦   $19 million in 2016 to reduce estimated 2015 income tax benefits generated from income tax repairs deductions that were reallocated to ratepayers pursuant to the 2016 grc fd to actual deductions taken on the 2015 tax return, and
◦   $14 million charge in 2017 associated with tracking the income tax benefit from certain flow-through items in relation to forecasted amounts in the 2016 grc fd;
▪   $42 million increase at sdg&amp;e, which included
◦   $37 million increase in cost of natural gas sold, which we discuss below, and
◦   $21 million higher revenues primarily associated with the psep, offset by
◦   $13 million lower recovery of costs associated with cpuc-authorized refundable programs, which revenues are fully offset in o&amp;m; and
▪   $22 million increase at sempra mexico primarily due to higher natural gas prices and higher rates for distribution at ecogas; offset by
▪   $68 million decrease at sempra lng &amp; midstream due to the sale of energysouth in september 2016.
in 2016 compared to 2015, our natural gas revenues decreased by $46 million (1%) remaining at $4.1 billion, and the cost of natural gas decreased by $67 million (6%) remaining at $1.1 billion. the decrease in natural gas revenues included
▪   $35 million decrease at sempra lng &amp; midstream primarily due to the sale of energysouth in september 2016;
▪   $18 million decrease at socalgas, which included
◦   $83 million of charges associated with 2012-2015 income tax benefits generated from income tax repairs deductions that were reallocated to ratepayers pursuant to the 2016 grc fd,
◦   $30 million decrease in cost of natural gas sold, due to $38 million from lower average prices offset by $8 million from higher volume,
◦   $27 million charge associated with tracking the 2016 income tax benefit from certain flow-through items in relation to forecasted amounts in the 2016 grc fd,
◦   $21 million lower regulatory awards, and
◦   $19 million increase in 2015 from a cpuc-approved retroactive increase in authorized grc revenue requirement for years 2012 through 2014 due to increased rate base, offset by
◦   $56 million higher revenues primarily associated with the psep and advanced metering assets,
◦   $52 million higher recovery of costs associated with cpuc-authorized refundable programs, which revenues are fully offset in o&amp;m,
◦   $49 million higher authorized revenue in the 2016 grc fd, and
◦   $19 million to reduce estimated 2015 income tax benefits generated from income tax repairs deductions that were reallocated to ratepayers pursuant to the 2016 grc fd to actual deductions taken on the 2015 tax return; and
▪   $1 million decrease at sdg&amp;e, which included
83
◦   $26 million decrease in cost of natural gas sold, due to $34 million from lower average prices offset by $8 million from higher volume, offset by
◦   $9 million higher recovery of costs associated with cpuc-authorized refundable programs, which revenues are fully offset in o&amp;m, and
◦   $8 million higher revenues primarily associated with the psep.
our cost of natural gas increased by $123 million (12%) to $1.2 billion in 2017 primarily due to:
▪   $134 million increase at socalgas, due to $114 million from higher average prices and $20 million from higher volumes driven by weather;
▪   $37 million increase at sdg&amp;e primarily due to higher average prices; and
▪   $18 million increase at sempra mexico, primarily due to higher natural gas prices at ecogas; offset by
▪   $49 million primarily from higher elimination of intercompany costs at sempra mexico.
energy-related businesses: revenues and cost of sales the table below shows revenues and cost of sales for our energy-related businesses.
energy-related businesses: revenues and cost of sales
(dollars in millions)
years ended december 31,
2017                                                                                                2016                        2015
revenues sempra south american utilities                                   $81                         $93                         $97
sempra mexico                                                   1,086                         637                         588
sempra renewables                                                  94                          34                          36
sempra lng &amp; midstream                                        540                         440                         550
eliminations and adjustments(1)                                  (370      )                 (282      )                 (294      )
total revenues                                                 $1,431                        $922                        $977
cost of sales(2)
cost of natural gas, electric fuel and purchased power:
sempra south american utilities                                   $20                         $13                         $22
sempra mexico                                                     252                         200                         221
sempra lng &amp; midstream                                        382                         337                         375
eliminations and adjustments(1)                                  (315      )                 (273      )                 (283      )
total                                                            $339                        $277                        $335
other cost of sales:
sempra south american utilities                                   $52                         $69                         $64
sempra mexico                                                       9                          10                          15
sempra lng &amp; midstream                                        (30      )                  251                          79
eliminations and adjustments(1)                                    (7      )                   (8      )                  (10      )
total                                                             $24                        $322                        $148
(1)   includes eliminations of intercompany activity.
(2)   excludes depreciation and amortization, which are presented separately on the sempra energy consolidated statements of operations.
revenues from our energy-related businesses increased by $509 million (55%) to $1.4 billion in 2017. the increase included
▪   $449 million increase at sempra mexico primarily due to:
◦   $293 million from the acquisition of the remaining 50-percent interest in ienova pipelines in september 2016 and from other pipeline assets placed in service,
◦   $96 million from the acquisition of ventika in december 2016,
◦   $30 million higher revenues primarily due to higher natural gas prices and customer base in its gas business, and
◦   $28 million increase at tdm due to higher power prices and volumes;
▪   $100 million increase at sempra lng &amp; midstream, which included
◦   $51 million primarily from natural gas marketing activities, including an increase in sales of natural gas, and from changes in natural gas prices,
◦   $29 million from higher natural gas and lng sales to sempra mexico primarily due to higher natural gas prices,
◦   $12 million from non-delivery of lng cargoes due to higher natural gas prices, and
84
◦   $10 million attributable to cameron interstate pipeline; and
▪   $60 million increase at sempra renewables primarily due to solar and wind assets placed in service during 2016; offset by
▪   $88 million primarily from higher intercompany eliminations associated with sales between sempra lng &amp; midstream and sempra mexico.
in 2016 compared to 2015, revenues from our energy-related businesses decreased by $55 million (6%) to $922 million. the decrease included
▪   $110 million decrease at sempra lng &amp; midstream, which included
◦   $63 million primarily driven by changes in natural gas prices and lower volumes,
◦   $34 million lower power revenues due to the sale of the second block of mesquite power in april 2015, and
◦   $13 million from lower natural gas sales to sempra mexico; offset by
▪   $49 million higher revenues at sempra mexico primarily due to:
◦   $82 million due to the acquisition of the remaining 50-percent interest in ienova pipelines in september 2016, offset by
◦   $30 million lower power volumes at the tdm power plant; and
▪   $12 million primarily from lower intercompany eliminations associated with sales between sempra lng &amp; midstream and sempra mexico.
the cost of natural gas, electric fuel and purchased power for our energy-related businesses increased by $62 million (22%) to $339 million in 2017 primarily due to:
▪   $52 million increase at sempra mexico primarily due to higher natural gas costs and customer base in its gas business; and
▪   $45 million increase at sempra lng &amp; midstream primarily due to higher natural gas costs; offset by
▪   $42 million from higher intercompany eliminations of costs associated with sales between sempra lng &amp; midstream and sempra mexico.
other cost of sales for our energy-related businesses decreased by $298 million in 2017 primarily due to:
▪   $206 million charge in 2016 related to sempra lng &amp; midstream's permanent release of certain pipeline capacity;
▪   $57 million settlement proceeds received by sempra lng &amp; midstream in may 2017 from a breach of contract claim against a counterparty, of which $47 million was related to the charge in 2016 from permanent release of pipeline capacity;
▪   $18 million capacity costs in 2016 on the rockies express pipeline that have since been permanently released; and
▪   $16 million due to lower sales of electrical services and materials at tecnored.
the cost of natural gas, electric fuel and purchased power for our energy-related businesses decreased by $58 million (17%) to $277 million in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to:
▪   $38 million decrease at sempra lng &amp; midstream primarily due to lower natural gas costs and lower electric fuel costs due to the sale of the remaining block of mesquite power in april 2015; and
▪   $21 million decrease at sempra mexico primarily due to lower natural gas volumes and costs; offset by
▪   $10 million primarily from lower intercompany eliminations of costs associated with sales between sempra lng &amp; midstream and sempra mexico.
other cost of sales for our energy-related businesses increased by $174 million to $322 million in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to the $206 million charge related to sempra lng & midstream's permanent release of pipeline capacity in the second quarter of 2016, offset by $33 million of capacity costs in 2015 on the rockies express pipeline.
85
operation and maintenance in the table below, we provide a breakdown of o&m by segment.
operation and maintenance
(dollars in millions)
years ended december 31,
2017                                                              2016                  2015
sempra utilities:
sdg&amp;e                            $1,020                $1,048                $1,017
socalgas                              1,479                 1,385                 1,361
sempra south american utilities         170                   172                   160
sempra infrastructure:
sempra mexico                           234                   150                   126
sempra renewables                        73                    54                    50
sempra lng &amp; midstream              123                   156                   177
parent and other(1)                      18                     5                    (5    )
total operation and maintenance      $3,117                $2,970                $2,886
(1)   includes eliminations of intercompany activity.
our o&m increased by $147 million (5%) to $3.1 billion in 2017 primarily due to:
▪   $94 million increase at socalgas, which included
◦   $54 million higher non-refundable operating costs primarily associated with higher safety-related maintenance and inspection activity, as well as other labor, contract services and administrative and support costs,
◦   $20 million aliso canyon litigation reserves in 2017, and
◦   $10 million higher expenses associated with cpuc-authorized refundable programs;
▪   $84 million increase at sempra mexico primarily due to the consolidation of ienova pipelines and ventika in 2016, from the growth in sempra mexico's businesses, and from scheduled major maintenance at tdm in the second quarter of 2017; and
▪   $19 million increase at sempra renewables primarily due to solar and wind assets placed in service in the fourth quarter of 2016 and higher general and administrative and development costs; offset by
▪   $33 million decrease at sempra lng &amp; midstream, $25 million of which was due to the sale of energysouth in september 2016; and
▪   $28 million decrease at sdg&amp;e, which included
◦   $22 million lower expenses associated with cpuc-authorized refundable programs,
◦   $12 million decrease at otay mesa vie primarily due to scheduled major maintenance in 2016 at the omec plant, and
◦   $11 million reimbursement of litigation costs associated with the arbitration ruling over the songs replacement steam generators, as we discuss in note 13 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, offset by
◦   $16 million higher non-refundable operating costs, including labor, contract services and administrative and support costs.
our o&m increased by $84 million (3%) to $3.0 billion in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to:
▪   $31 million increase at sdg&amp;e, which included
◦   $40 million higher expenses associated with cpuc-authorized refundable programs, and
◦   $10 million at otay mesa vie primarily due to scheduled major maintenance at the omec plant in the second quarter of 2016, offset by
◦   $14 million lower litigation expense, and
◦   $8 million lower non-refundable operating costs, including labor, contract services and administrative and support costs;
▪   $24 million increase at socalgas, which included
◦   $52 million higher expenses associated with cpuc-authorized refundable programs, offset by
◦   $33 million lower non-refundable operating costs, including labor, contract services and administrative and support costs; and
▪   $24 million increase at sempra mexico primarily from $17 million higher operating costs due to the acquisition of the remaining 50-percent interest in ienova pipelines in september 2016; offset by
▪   $21 million decrease at sempra lng &amp; midstream, $9 million of which is attributable to the sale of energysouth.
86
depreciation and amortization our depreciation and amortization expense was
▪   $1,490 million in 2017
▪   $1,312 million in 2016
▪   $1,250 million in 2015
the increase of $178 million (14%) in 2017 was primarily due to:
▪   $79 million increase at sempra mexico primarily due to the consolidation of ienova pipelines and ventika in the second half of 2016;
▪   $39 million increase at socalgas from depreciation on higher utility plant base;
▪   $32 million increase at sempra renewables due to solar and wind assets placed in service in the fourth quarter of 2016; and
▪   $24 million increase at sdg&amp;e primarily from depreciation on higher utility plant base.
the increase of $62 million (5%) in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to:
▪   $42 million increase at sdg&amp;e from depreciation on higher utility plant base, higher depreciation at otay mesa vie and higher amortization; and
▪   $15 million increase at socalgas from depreciation on higher utility plant base.
write-off of wildfire regulatory asset in the third quarter of 2017, sdg&e recorded a $351 million charge for the write-off of a regulatory asset associated with wildfire costs. we discuss this further in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
impairment losses sempra mexico reduced the carrying value of tdm by recognizing noncash impairment charges of $71 million in 2017 and $131 million in 2016, as we discuss in notes 3 and 10 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. in 2016, socalgas recorded a $21 million impairment of assets related to the southern gas system reliability project.
plant closure adjustment in 2015, sdg&e recorded a $26 million pretax reduction to the loss from songs plant closure. we discuss songs further in note 13 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
gain on sale of assets gain on sale of assets includes, in 2016, $130 million from the sale of energysouth, and in 2015, $61 million from the sale of the remaining 625-mw block of the mesquite power plant and a related power sale contract, and $8 million from the sale of the rosamond solar development project.
equity earnings, before income tax equity earnings from our equity method investments were
▪   $34 million in 2017
▪   $6 million in 2016
▪   $104 million in 2015
the increase of $28 million in equity earnings in 2017 was primarily attributable to $26 million equity losses in 2016 from sempra lng & midstream's investment in rockies express, including a $44 million impairment charge in the first quarter of 2016.
the decrease of $98 million in equity earnings in 2016 was primarily due to the $44 million impairment charge related to sempra lng & midstream's investment in rockies express in the first quarter of 2016, and $61 million lower equity earnings as a result of the sale of our 25-percent interest in rockies express in may 2016.
we provide further details about equity method investments in note 4 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
87
remeasurement of equity method investment in the third quarter of 2016, sempra mexico recorded a $617 million noncash gain associated with the remeasurement of its 50-percent equity interest in ienova pipelines. we discuss the transaction further in notes 3 and 10 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
other income, net other income, net, was
▪   $254 million in 2017
▪   $132 million in 2016
▪   $126 million in 2015
other income, net, includes equity-related afudc at the california utilities and regulated entities at sempra mexico and sempra lng & midstream; interest on regulatory balancing accounts; gains and losses from our investments and interest rate swaps; foreign currency transaction gains and losses; electrical infrastructure relocation income in peru and chile; and other, sundry amounts. the investment activity is on dedicated assets in support of certain executive benefit plans, as we discuss in note 7 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
as part of our central risk management function, we enter into foreign currency derivatives to hedge sempra mexico parent's exposure to movements in the mexican peso from its controlling interest in ienova. the gains associated with these derivatives are included in other income, net, as described below, and partially mitigate the transactional effects of foreign currency and inflation included in income taxes and in earnings from sempra mexico's equity method investments. we discuss policies governing our risk management in "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" below.
other income, net, increased by $122 million to $254 million in 2017 and included the following activity:
▪   $47 million net gains in 2017 on interest rate and foreign exchange instruments, compared to $32 million net losses in 2016 primarily as a result of significant fluctuation of the mexican peso;
▪   $52 million increase in equity-related afudc, including:
◦   $17 million increase at sdg&amp;e, and
◦   $32 million increase at sempra mexico primarily from the ojinaga and san isidro pipeline projects; and
▪   $33 million higher investment gains in 2017 on dedicated assets in support of our executive retirement and deferred compensation plans; offset by
▪   $34 million higher foreign currency transactional losses in 2017, primarily related to a mexican peso-denominated note receivable due from img jv.
in 2016 compared to 2015, other income, net, increased by $6 million (5%) to $132 million and included the following activity:
▪   $20 million higher investment gains in 2016 on dedicated assets in support of our executive retirement and deferred compensation plans;
▪   $9 million increase in equity-related afudc, including:
◦   $9 million increase at sdg&amp;e, and
◦   $4 million increase at socalgas, offset by
◦   $6 million decrease at sempra mexico; and
▪   $6 million lower foreign currency losses in 2016; offset by
▪   $28 million higher losses on interest rate and foreign exchange instruments in 2016; and
▪   $6 million lower income from the sale of other investments.
we provide further details of the components of other income, net, in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
interest expense interest expense was
▪   $659 million in 2017
▪   $553 million in 2016
▪   $561 million in 2015
the increase of $106 million (19%) in 2017 was primarily due to:
▪   $84 million increase at sempra mexico, which included
88
◦   $40 million increase due to interest on debt assumed in the ienova pipelines and ventika acquisitions in the second half of 2016,
◦   $28 million increase due to lower capitalized interest due to the recognition of afudc mainly related to the ojinaga and san isidro pipeline projects in 2017,
◦   $10 million increase in short-term debt at ienova; and
▪   $11 million increase at sempra renewables primarily due to lower capitalized interest as a result of solar and wind assets placed into service in the fourth quarter of 2016.
the decrease of $8 million (1%) in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to:
▪   $26 million higher capitalized interest primarily due to:
◦   $18 million increase at sempra renewables primarily for solar projects, and
◦   $10 million increase at sempra mexico primarily for the ojinaga and san isidro pipeline projects; offset by
▪   $13 million increase at socalgas primarily due to debt issuances in 2015 and 2016; and
▪   $6 million higher lease interest on our downtown headquarters building.
income taxes the table below shows the income tax expense and etrs for sempra energy, sdg&e and socalgas.
income tax expense and effective income tax rates
(dollars in millions)
years ended december 31,
2017                                                                    2016                                   2015
income taxexpense              effective        income                effective        income                effective income        tax                      income        tax                      income tax rate        expense                tax rate        expense                tax rate sempra energy consolidated   $1,276                         81   %           $389                  21   %           $341                  20   %
sdg&amp;e                    155                            27          280                        33          284                        32
socalgas                     160                            29          143                        29          138                        25
on december 22, 2017, the tcja was signed into law. as discussed below, we recorded additional income tax expense of $870 million from the effects of the tcja in 2017.
following are the key provisions of the tcja, its impact on us in 2017 and how we expect it may impact us in the future:
▪   lower u.s. statutory corporate income tax rate: the tcja reduces the u.s. statutory corporate income tax rate from 35 percent to 21 percent, effective january 1, 2018, which will be applied to our future u.s. earnings. we expect the resultant lower income tax expense at sdg&amp;e and socalgas to be allocated to ratepayers.
▪   deemed repatriation: the tcja imposes a one-time tax for deemed repatriation of cumulative undistributed earnings of non-u.s. subsidiaries. under the deemed repatriation provision of the tcja, a u.s. shareholder must include in taxable income its pro-rata share of cumulative foreign undistributed earnings, which are taxed at 15.5 percent on cash or cash equivalents and 8 percent on cumulative other earnings.
▪   territorial tax system: the tcja adopts a territorial system of taxation that replaces the previous worldwide taxation approach. the tcja provides for a 100 percent dividends received deduction for foreign source dividends, effectively resulting in no federal income taxes on repatriation of foreign earnings after 2017.
▪   full expensing of depreciable property: property placed in service after september 27, 2017 is generally eligible for full expensing. regulated public utilities, including sdg&amp;e and socalgas, are not eligible for this treatment.
▪   limitation of interest deductions: the tcja limits the deduction for interest expense that exceeds adjusted taxable income. any disallowed interest expense can be carried forward indefinitely. regulated public utilities, including sdg&amp;e and socalgas, are excepted from this limitation.
▪   executive compensation deduction limitation: the tcja amends the definition of a covered employee and eliminates certain exceptions previously allowed under prior law, limiting the annual deductible compensation expense for a covered employee to $1 million.
▪   nol deductions: u.s. federal nol carryforwards generated in years starting in 2018 are limited to 80 percent of taxable income. the tcja permits new nols to be carried forward indefinitely, but no longer allows any carryback.
our 2017 income tax expense was materially impacted by the effects of the tcja primarily relating to two provisions:
89
▪   lower u.s. statutory corporate income tax rate: the remeasurement of deferred income taxes at the new u.s. statutory corporate federal income tax rate of 21 percent resulted in additional income tax expense of $182 million, $28 million and $2 million for the year ended december 31, 2017 for sempra energy consolidated, sdg&amp;e and socalgas, respectively. due to regulation by the cpuc and ferc, remeasurement impacts at sdg&amp;e and socalgas were largely offset by adjustments to regulatory liabilities.
▪   deemed repatriation: sempra energy recorded income tax expense of $328 million associated with the deemed repatriation tax for the year ended december 31, 2017. in addition, we now anticipate that we will repatriate our foreign undistributed earnings (estimated to be approximately $4 billion) that have now been taxed at the u.s. federal level as a result of the deemed repatriation tax. we expect to repatriate approximately $1.6 billion from 2018 through 2022, as cash is generated by our businesses at the local level. we currently anticipate electing to use our existing nols to offset the deemed repatriation tax. however, as provided under the tcja, at the time of filing our tax return in 2018, should we determine that we will pay the deemed repatriation tax over a period of eight years instead of utilizing our nols, our income tax expense and cash tax payments would increase. in addition to the deemed repatriation tax, we accrued $360 million of u.s. state and non-u.s. withholding tax on our expected future repatriation of foreign undistributed earnings. this liability could change as a result of various factors, such as interpretation and clarification of the tcja provisions, changes in foreign tax laws, foreign currency movements, the source of cash to be repatriated, or adjustments to our provisional estimates, as we discuss below.
we have not recorded deferred income tax with respect to remaining basis differences of approximately $1 billion between financial statement and income tax investment amounts in our non-u.s. subsidiaries as of december 31, 2017 because we consider them to be indefinitely reinvested. it is not practicable to determine the hypothetical amount of tax that might be payable if the underlying basis differences were realized. if these basis differences were realized, we would need to adjust our income tax provision in the period we determine that they are no longer indefinitely reinvested.
we recorded the effects of the tcja in 2017 using our best estimates and the information available to us through the date the financial statements were issued. however, our analysis is ongoing and as such, the income tax effects that we have recorded are provisional.
as permitted by and in accordance with guidance issued by the sec, we may adjust our provisional estimates in reporting periods throughout 2018 as we complete our analysis and as more information becomes available, and these adjustments may affect earnings. events and information that may result in adjustments to our provisional estimates include interpretations or rulings by the u.s. department of the treasury or states, the filing of our 2017 income tax return and the finalization of our calculation of foreign undistributed earnings.
we discuss the tcja and its impacts further in note 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
sempra energy consolidated sempra energy's income tax expense increased in 2017 due to a higher etr, partially offset by lower pretax income. the higher etr was primarily due to:
•   $870 million from effects of the tcja, as follows:
◦   $688 million income tax expense in 2017 related to future repatriation of foreign earnings, including $328 million of u.s. federal income tax expense pertaining to the deemed repatriation tax and $360 million u.s. state and non-u.s. withholding tax expense on our expected future repatriation of foreign undistributed earnings estimated for deemed repatriation, and
◦   $182 million deferred income tax expense from remeasurement of our u.s. federal deferred income tax balances from 35 percent to 21 percent;
▪   $62 million income tax expense in 2017, compared to $38 million income tax benefit in 2016, from foreign currency and inflation effects, primarily as a result of significant fluctuation of the mexican peso in 2017; and
▪   $34 million income tax benefit in 2016 associated with excess tax benefits related to share-based compensation; offset by
▪   $33 million income tax benefit in 2017, compared to $3 million income tax expense in 2016, related to the resolution of prior years' income tax items.
sempra energy's income tax expense increased in 2016 compared to 2015 due to higher pretax income and a higher etr. the higher etr was primarily due to:
▪   $3 million income tax expense in 2016, compared to $56 million income tax benefit in 2015, from the resolution of prior years' income tax items. the amount in 2016 included $14 million income tax expense from lower actual repairs deductions at sdg&amp;e and socalgas taken on the 2015 tax return compared to amounts estimated in 2015, as discussed in note 14 of the notes to consolidated financial statements; and
▪   $17 million income tax expense from the remeasurement of our peruvian deferred income tax balances as a result of tax reform in peru as discussed below; offset by
90
▪   $34 million income tax benefit in 2016 associated with excess tax benefits related to share-based compensation; and
▪   $40 million lower u.s. income tax expense as a result of a change in planned repatriation from certain non-u.s. subsidiaries.
we report as part of our pretax results the income or loss attributable to noncontrolling interests. however, we do not record income taxes for a portion of this income or loss, as some of our entities with noncontrolling interests are currently treated as partnerships for income tax purposes, and thus we are only liable for income taxes on the portion of the earnings that are allocated to us. our pretax income, however, includes 100 percent of these entities. as our entities with noncontrolling interests grow, and as we may continue to invest in such entities, the impact on our etr may become more significant.
sdg&e sdg&e's income tax expense decreased in 2017 due to lower pretax income and a lower etr. the pretax income in 2017 included the $351 million ($208 million after-tax) write-off of wildfire regulatory asset. the lower etr was primarily due to:
▪   $12 million higher income tax benefit in 2017 from the resolution of prior years' income tax items; and
▪   higher flow-through deductions in 2017, including higher afudc that is non-taxable; offset by
▪   $28 million deferred income tax expense from remeasurement of u.s. federal deferred income tax balances from 35 percent to 21 percent, primarily from the deferred tax asset relating to the impairments of songs sgrp in prior years. we discuss the impairment of songs sgrp in note 13 of the notes to consolidated financial statements; and
▪   $7 million income tax benefit in 2016 associated with excess tax benefits related to share-based compensation.
sdg&e's income tax expense decreased in 2016 compared to 2015 due to lower pretax income, offset by a higher etr. the higher etr was primarily due to:
▪   $11 million lower income tax benefit in 2016 from the resolution of prior years' income tax items, including $3 million income tax expense in 2016 from lower actual repairs deductions taken on the 2015 tax return compared to amounts estimated in 2015; offset by
▪   $7 million income tax benefit in 2016 associated with excess tax benefits related to share-based compensation.
socalgas socalgas' income tax expense increased in 2017 due to higher pretax income. socalgas' etr remained the same in 2017, but was affected by:
▪   $12 million income tax benefit in 2017, compared to $10 million income tax expense in 2016, from the resolution of prior years' income tax items; offset by
▪   $4 million income tax benefit in 2016 associated with excess tax benefits related to share-based compensation.
socalgas' income tax expense increased in 2016 compared to 2015 due to a higher etr, offset by lower pretax income. the higher etr was primarily due to:
▪   $10 million income tax expense in 2016, compared to $18 million income tax benefit in 2015, from the resolution of prior years' income tax items. the amount in 2016 included $11 million income tax expense from lower actual repairs deductions taken on the 2015 tax return compared to amounts estimated in 2015; offset by
▪   $4 million income tax benefit in 2016 associated with excess tax benefits related to share-based compensation.
peruvian tax legislation on december 10, 2016, the peruvian president, through a presidential decree, enacted income tax law changes that became effective on january 1, 2017. among other changes, the new law imposes an increase in the corporate income tax rate from 28 percent in 2016 to 29.5 percent in 2017 and beyond, as well as a decrease in the dividend withholding tax rate from 6.8 percent in 2016 to 5 percent in 2017 and beyond. as a result of the increase to the peruvian corporate income tax rate to 29.5 percent, we remeasured our peruvian deferred income tax balances, resulting in $17 million income tax expense recorded in 2016.
equity earnings, net of income tax equity earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries, net of income tax, which are all from sempra south american utilities' and sempra mexico's equity method investments, were
▪   $42 million in 2017
▪   $78 million in 2016
▪   $85 million in 2015
91
the decrease of $36 million in 2017 was primarily due to:
▪   $64 million of equity earnings in 2016 from ienova pipelines, including $19 million from den, prior to ienova's acquisition of the remaining 50-percent interest in ienova pipelines in september 2016; and
▪   $13 million equity losses in 2017 from den, prior to ienova's acquisition of the remaining 50-percent interest in den in november 2017, compared to $5 million of equity earnings in 2016, primarily from foreign currency and inflation effects; offset by
▪   $45 million equity earnings from img, primarily from afudc equity and foreign currency effects, offset by interest expense.
the decrease of $7 million in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to ienova's acquisition of the remaining 50-percent interest in ienova pipelines, increasing ienova's ownership in ienova pipelines to 100 percent, offset by higher equity earnings at the eletrans joint venture.
earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests were $94 million for 2017 compared to $148 million for 2016. the net change of $54 million included
▪   $60 million at sempra mexico, primarily due to:
◦   $50 million lower earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests as a result of the decrease in earnings, excluding the effects of foreign currency and inflation, as we discuss above in "segment results - sempra mexico," and
◦   $28 million losses attributable to noncontrolling interests in 2017 from foreign currency and inflation effects without the corresponding benefit from foreign currency derivatives that are not subject to noncontrolling interests compared to $14 million earnings in 2016, offset by
◦   $32 million higher earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests, excluding the effects of foreign currency and inflation, from the decrease in our controlling interest from 81.1 percent to 66.4 percent following ienova's equity offering in october 2016, which we discuss in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements; and
▪   $19 million higher pretax losses attributed to tax equity investors at sempra renewables in 2017; offset by
▪   $14 million earnings at sdg&amp;e compared to $5 million losses in 2016, primarily due to an increase in operating expenses as a result of scheduled major maintenance at the omec plant in 2016.
earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests were $148 million for 2016 compared to $98 million for 2015. the net change of $50 million included
▪   $80 million at sempra mexico, primarily due to:
◦   $82 million gain associated with the remeasurement of our 50-percent equity interest in ienova pipelines, and
◦   $14 million due to the decrease in our controlling interest from 81.1 percent to 66.4 percent following ienova's equity offerings in october 2016, offset by
◦   $21 million impairment of tdm assets held for sale; offset by
▪   $24 million decrease at sdg&amp;e, primarily as a result of scheduled major maintenance at the omec plant in 2016.
transactions with affiliates we provide information about our related party transactions in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
impact of foreign currency and inflation rates on results of operations foreign currency translation our operations in south america and our natural gas distribution utility in mexico use their local currency as their functional currency. the assets and liabilities of these foreign operations are translated into u.s. dollars at current exchange rates at the end of the reporting period, and revenues and expenses are translated at average exchange rates for the reporting period. the resulting noncash translation adjustments do not enter into the calculation of earnings or retained earnings, but are reflected in oci and in aoci. however, any difference in average exchange rates used for the translation of income statement activity from year to year can cause a variance in sempra energy's comparative results of operations. changes in foreign currency translation rates between years impacted our comparative reported results as follows:
92
translation impact from change in average foreign currency exchange rates
(dollars in millions)
2017compared to2016                         2016
compared to
2015
higher (lower) earnings from foreign currency translation:
sempra south american utilities                                         $6                                          $(8                   )
sempra mexico - ecogas                                                  -                                           (2                    )
total                                                                   $6                                          $(10                  )
transactional impacts some income statement activities at our foreign operations and their joint ventures are also impacted by transactional gains and losses, which we discuss below. a summary of these foreign currency transactional gains and losses included in our reported results are as follows:
transactional gains (losses) from foreign currency and inflation
(dollars in millions)
total reported amounts                                       transactionalgains (losses) includedin reported amounts years ended december 31,
2017                                                   2016                    2015                    2017                                                   2016                            2015
other income, net                         $254                    $132                    $126                         $14                            $(33   )                        $(11       )
income tax expense                      (1,276     )              (389     )              (341     )                   (62       )                      38                              43
equity earnings, net of income tax          42         78                      85                      14                                               23                              17
net income                                 351                   1,519                   1,448                         (53       )                      39                              50
earnings                                   256                   1,370                   1,349                         (25       )                      25                              40
foreign currency exchange rate and inflation impacts on income taxes and related hedging activity our mexican subsidiaries have u.s. dollar-denominated cash balances, receivables, payables and debt (monetary assets and liabilities) that are affected by mexican currency exchange rate movements for mexican income tax purposes. they also have deferred income tax assets and liabilities, which are significant, denominated in the mexican peso that must be translated to u.s. dollars for financial reporting purposes. in addition, monetary assets and liabilities and certain nonmonetary assets and liabilities are adjusted for mexican inflation for mexican income tax purposes. as a result, fluctuations in both the currency exchange rate for the mexican peso against the u.s. dollar and mexican inflation may expose us to fluctuations in income tax expense and equity earnings, net of income tax. we use foreign currency derivatives as a means to manage exposure to the currency exchange rate on our monetary assets and liabilities. however, we generally do not hedge our deferred income tax assets and liabilities, which makes us susceptible to volatility in income tax expense caused by exchange rate fluctuations and inflation. the derivative activity impacts other income, net.
the income tax expense of our south american subsidiaries is similarly impacted by inflation and currency exchange rate movements related to u.s. dollar-denominated monetary assets and liabilities.
other transactions although the financial statements of most of our mexican subsidiaries and joint ventures (energía sierra juárez and img) have the u.s. dollar as the functional currency, some transactions may be denominated in the local currency; such transactions are remeasured into u.s. dollars. this remeasurement creates transactional gains and losses that are included in other income, net, for our consolidated subsidiaries and in equity earnings, net of income tax, for our joint ventures (including ienova pipelines until september 26, 2016 and den until november 15, 2017).
we utilize cross-currency swaps that exchange our mexican-peso denominated principal and interest payments into the u.s. dollar and swap mexican variable interest rates for u.s. fixed interest rates. the impacts of these cross-currency swaps are offset in oci and are reclassified from aoci into earnings through interest expense as settlements occur.
certain of our mexican pipeline projects (namely los ramones i at ienova pipelines and los ramones norte within our tag joint venture) generate revenue based on tariffs that are set by government agencies in mexico, with contracts denominated in mexican pesos that are indexed to the u.s. dollar, adjusted annually for inflation and fluctuation in the exchange rate. the
93
resultant gains and losses from remeasuring the local currency amounts into u.s. dollars and the settlement of foreign currency forwards and swaps related to these contracts are included in revenues: energy-related businesses or equity earnings, net of income tax.
our joint ventures in chile (eletrans) use the u.s. dollar as the functional currency, but have certain construction commitments that are denominated in clf. eletrans entered into forward exchange contracts to manage the foreign currency exchange risk of the clf relative to the u.s. dollar. the forward exchange contracts settle based on anticipated payments to vendors, generally monthly, ending in 2018, with activity recorded in equity earnings, net of income tax.
capital resources and liquidity overview we expect to meet cash requirements of our operations through cash flows from operations, unrestricted cash and cash equivalents, borrowings under our credit facilities, distributions from our equity method investments, issuances of debt and equity securities, project financing and other equity sales, including tax equity and partnering in joint ventures. we discuss the anticipated financing and cash flow impacts of our pending acquisition of efh below.
our lines of credit provide liquidity and support commercial paper. as we discuss in note 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, sempra energy, sempra global and the california utilities each have five-year revolving credit facilities expiring in 2020. the table below shows the amount of available funds, including available unused credit on these three credit facilities, at december 31, 2017. our foreign operations have additional general purpose credit facilities aggregating $1.8 billion, with $1.4 billion available unused credit at december 31, 2017.
available funds at december 31, 2017
(dollars in millions)
sempra energyconsolidated              sdg&amp;e               socalgas unrestricted cash and cash equivalents(1)   $288                                   $12                     $8
available unused credit(2)(3)               3,035                            497                     634
(1)   amounts at sempra energy consolidated include $140 million held in non-u.s. jurisdictions. we discuss repatriation in "results of operations - changes in revenues, costs and earnings - income taxes" above.
(2)   available unused credit is the total available on sempra energy's, sempra global's and the california utilities' credit facilities that we discuss in note 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. borrowings on the shared line of credit at sdg&amp;e and socalgas are limited to $750 million for each utility and a combined total of $1 billion.
(3)   because the commercial paper programs are supported by these lines, we reflect the amount of commercial paper outstanding as a reduction to the available unused credit.
on january 17, 2018, pursuant to the terms of the sempra energy and sempra global credit facilities, the amounts available under the lines of credit were increased by $250 million for sempra energy and $850 million for sempra global. this additional borrowing capacity is available to us for working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes, and is intended to provide us with additional liquidity and to support commercial paper that we may utilize from time to time to fund our strategic and growth initiatives.
sempra energy consolidated we believe that these available funds, combined with cash flows from operations, distributions from our equity method investments, issuances of debt and equity securities, project financing and other equity sales, including tax equity and partnering in joint ventures, will be adequate to fund our current operations, including to:
▪   finance capital expenditures
▪   meet liquidity requirements
▪   fund shareholder dividends
▪   fund new business or asset acquisitions or start-ups, including our pending acquisition of efh
▪   repay maturing long-term debt
94
▪   fund expenditures related to the natural gas leak at socalgas' aliso canyon natural gas storage facility sempra energy and the california utilities currently have ready access to the long-term debt markets and are not currently constrained in their ability to borrow at reasonable rates. however, changing economic conditions and matters related to our pending acquisition of efh could negatively affect the availability and cost of both short-term and long-term financing. also, cash flows from operations may be impacted by the timing of commencement and completion of large projects. if cash flows from operations were to be significantly reduced or we were unable to borrow under acceptable terms, we would likely first reduce or postpone discretionary capital expenditures (not related to safety) and investments in new businesses. if these measures were necessary, they would primarily impact our sempra infrastructure businesses before we would reduce funds necessary for the ongoing needs of our utilities. we monitor our ability to finance the needs of our operating, investing and financing activities in a manner consistent with our intention to maintain our investment-grade credit ratings and capital structure.
we have significant investments in several trusts to provide for future payments of pensions and other postretirement benefits, and nuclear decommissioning. changes in asset values, which are dependent on the activity in the equity and fixed income markets, have not affected the trust funds' abilities to make required payments. however, changes in asset values may, along with a number of other factors such as changes to discount rates, assumed rates of return, mortality tables, and regulations, impact funding requirements for pension and other postretirement benefit plans and sdg&e's ndt. at the california utilities, funding requirements are generally recoverable in rates. in 2017 and 2016, sale and purchase activities in our ndt increased significantly compared to prior years as a result of a change to our asset mix intended to reduce the overall risk profile of the ndt in anticipation of significant cash withdrawals over the next 10 years to fund the songs decommissioning. we discuss our employee benefit plans and sdg&e's ndt, including our investment allocation strategies for assets in these trusts, in notes 7 and 13, respectively, of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
we discuss matters regarding sempra energy, sdg&e and socalgas common stock dividends below in "dividends."
short-term borrowings our short-term debt is primarily used to meet liquidity requirements, fund shareholder dividends, and temporarily finance capital expenditures and acquisitions or start-ups. our corporate short-term, unsecured promissory notes, or commercial paper, were our primary sources of short-term debt funding in 2017. at our california utilities, short-term debt is used primarily to meet working capital needs.
the following table shows selected statistics for our commercial paper borrowings for 2017:
commercial paper statistics
(dollars in millions)
sempra energy consolidated             sdg&amp;e           socalgas amount outstanding at december 31, 2017                                $1,300                       $253                $116
weighted-average interest rate at december 31, 2017                     1.709          %           1.646     %         1.636    %
maximum month-end amount outstanding during 2017(1)                    $2,433                       $437                $116
monthly weighted-average amount outstanding during 2017                $1,594                       $220                 $19
monthly weighted-average interest rate during 2017                      1.371          %           1.059     %         1.225    %
(1)   the largest amount outstanding at the end of the last day of any month during the year.
pending acquisition of energy future holdings corp.
on august 21, 2017, sempra energy entered into a merger agreement to acquire efh, the indirect owner of an 80.03-percent interest in oncor (the merger). under the merger agreement, we will pay merger consideration of $9.45 billion in cash. we discuss our registered public offerings of common stock (including shares offered pursuant to forward sale agreements), mandatory convertible preferred stock and long-term debt completed in january 2018 below and in note 18 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. these offerings provided total initial net proceeds of approximately $7.0 billion for partial funding of the merger consideration, of which approximately $800 million was used to pay down commercial paper pending the closing of the merger.
on january 9, 2018, we completed an offering of 23,364,486 shares of our common stock pursuant to forward sale agreements with each of morgan stanley & co. llc, an affiliate of rbc capital markets, llc and an affiliate of barclays capital inc. we also sold 3,504,672 shares of our common stock directly to the underwriters of the offering as a result of the underwriters fully
95
exercising their option to purchase shares from us solely to cover overallotments, and received $368 million in net proceeds (net of underwriting discounts, but before deducting related expenses). we did not initially receive any proceeds from the offering of our common stock offered pursuant to the forward sale agreements. we expect to settle a portion of the forward sale agreements and receive proceeds from the delivery of shares of common stock concurrently with, or prior to, the closing of the merger. we expect to settle the remaining portion of the forward sale agreements after the merger, if completed, in multiple settlements on or prior to december 15, 2019, which is the scheduled final settlement date under the forward sale agreements. at the initial forward sale price of $105.074 per share, we expect the net proceeds from full physical settlement of the forward sale agreements to be approximately $2.46 billion (after deducting underwriting discounts, but before deducting expenses, and subject to forward price adjustments under the forward sale agreements). if we elect to cash settle the forward sale agreements, we would expect to receive an amount of net proceeds that is significantly lower than estimated above, and we may not receive any net proceeds (or may owe cash, which could be a significant amount, to the forward purchasers). if we elect to net share settle the forward sale agreements in full, we would not receive any cash proceeds from the forward purchasers (and we may be required to deliver shares of our common stock to the forward purchasers).
also on january 9, 2018, we sold to underwriters 17,250,000 shares of our 6% mandatory convertible preferred stock, series a, at $100.00 per share (or $98.20 per share after deducting underwriting discounts, but before deducting related expenses), including 2,250,000 shares purchased by the underwriters as a result of the underwriters fully exercising their option to purchase shares from us solely to cover overallotments. net proceeds were approximately $1.69 billion (net of underwriting discounts, but before deducting related expenses). if for any reason the merger has not closed on or prior to december 1, 2018, or the merger agreement is terminated at any time prior to such date, then we expect to use the net proceeds from these offerings for general corporate purposes, which may include, in our sole discretion, voluntary redemption of the mandatory convertible preferred stock, debt repayment (including repayment of commercial paper), capital expenditures, investments and possibly repurchases of our common stock at the discretion of our board of directors.
on january 12, 2018, we issued $5 billion aggregate principal amount of various series of fixed and floating rate notes maturing at various times from 2019 through 2048. if we do not consummate the merger on or prior to december 1, 2018, or if, on or prior to such date, the merger agreement is terminated, we will be required to redeem all of the outstanding notes (other than the $1 billion aggregate principal amount of notes maturing in 2028) at a redemption price equal to 101 percent of the principal amount of the notes plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any.
in addition to the net proceeds we received from the registered public offering of common stock, mandatory convertible preferred stock, and debt described above, we expect to settle a portion of the forward sale agreements and receive proceeds from the delivery of shares of common stock concurrently with, or prior to, the closing of the merger to fund a portion of the merger consideration. we expect to raise the remaining portion of the merger consideration through multiple issuances of up to $2.7 billion aggregate principal amount of commercial paper, which we started issuing on february 23, 2018, although we may reduce this amount through borrowings under our revolving credit facilities and cash from operations. the commercial paper will be issued at prevailing market rates with varying maturity dates. as of february 26, 2018, we have issued approximately $275 million aggregate principal amount of commercial paper to fund a portion of the merger consideration, with a weighted-average maturity of 86 days and a weighted-average interest rate of 2.14 percent per annum.
we intend to ultimately fund approximately 65 percent of the merger consideration and associated transaction costs with net proceeds from sales of sempra energy equity securities, including proceeds from the offerings in january 2018 and from settlements of our forward sale agreements, and approximately 35 percent with the net proceeds from issuances of sempra energy debt securities, although we may use cash from operations and proceeds from asset sales in place of some equity financing. some of the equity financing (including proceeds we receive from the settlement of our forward sale agreements and from other sales of common stock) may be obtained after completion of the merger and used to repay indebtedness incurred to finance a portion of the merger consideration and associated transaction costs.
we anticipate that the merger, if consummated on the terms and under the financing structure currently contemplated, will have a positive impact on our consolidated results of operations. this expectation is based on current market conditions and is subject to a number of assumptions, estimates, projections and other uncertainties, including assumptions regarding the results of operations of the combined company after the merger, the relative mix and timing of debt and equity financing obtained to ultimately fund the merger consideration, the price and interest rates of these financings and the date we close the merger. this expectation also assumes that oncor will perform in accordance with our expectations, and there can be no assurance that this will occur. in addition, we may encounter additional transaction costs and costs to manage our investment in oncor, may fail to realize some or any of the benefits anticipated in the merger, may be subject to currently unknown liabilities as a result of the merger, or may be subject to other factors that affect preliminary estimates.
96
we provide additional discussion regarding the merger and financing risks in notes 3 and 18 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, in "factors influencing future performance" below and in "item 1a. risk factors." we discuss the potential effects of the merger on our credit ratings in "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
impacts of the tcja in the fourth quarter of 2017, we recorded certain effects of the tcja, resulting in an increase to income tax expense of $870 million at sempra energy consolidated for the remeasurement of u.s. federal deferred income tax assets and liabilities at the new federal income tax rate of 21 percent, the one-time deemed repatriation tax on cumulative undistributed earnings of u.s.-owned foreign corporations, and the related accrual of incremental u.s. state and foreign withholding taxes on expected future repatriation of our undistributed earnings subject to deemed repatriation. although there is no cash impact in 2017, these effects represent future tax payments or other cash outflow and, in the case of sdg&e and socalgas, the remeasurement of their u.s. federal deferred income tax balances will result in cash outflow primarily for refunds to ratepayers in the future. however, the federal and state income taxes and withholding taxes we accrued allow us to repatriate approximately $4 billion of undistributed non-u.s. earnings without further material tax expense expected. we expect to repatriate approximately $1.6 billion from 2018 to 2022, as cash is generated by our businesses at the local level. we currently anticipate electing to use our existing nols to offset the deemed repatriation tax. however, as provided under the tcja, at the time of filing our tax return in 2018, should we determine that we will pay the deemed repatriation tax over a period of eight years instead of utilizing our nols, our income tax expense and cash tax payments would increase.
certain financial metrics used by credit rating agencies, such as our funds from operations-to-debt percentage, could be negatively impacted as a result of certain provisions of the tcja and in particular by an anticipated decrease in income tax reimbursement payments to us from sdg&e and socalgas due the reduction in the u.s statutory corporate income tax rate to 21 percent.
certain provisions of the tcja, such as 100-percent expensing of capital expenditures and impacts on utilization of our nols, may also influence how we fund capital expenditures, the timing of capital expenditures and possible redeployment of capital through sales or monetization of assets, the timing of repatriation of foreign earnings and the use of equity financing to reduce our future use of debt.
as we discuss in note 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements and above in "changes in revenues, costs and earnings - income taxes," our analysis and interpretation of the effects of the tcja and our assessment of strategies to manage the cash and earnings impacts on our businesses are ongoing.
loans to/from affiliates at december 31, 2017, sempra energy has provided loans to unconsolidated affiliates totaling $598 million, and has received a $35 million loan from an unconsolidated affiliate, which we discuss in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
california utilities sdg&e and socalgas expect that available funds described above, cash flows from operations, and debt issuances will continue to be adequate to fund their respective operations.
as we discuss in note 14 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, changes in balancing accounts for significant costs at sdg&e and socalgas, particularly a change between over- and undercollected status, may have a significant impact on cash flows, as these changes generally represent the difference between when costs are incurred and when they are ultimately recovered in rates through billings to customers. sdg&e uses the erra commodity balancing account to record the net of its actual cost incurred for electric fuel and purchased power. sdg&e's erra balance was undercollected by $51 million and $25 million at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the increase in the erra undercollected balance in 2017 has been primarily due to lower electric volume in conjunction with seasonalized electric rates. the cpuc authorized an erra trigger mechanism in conjunction with california state law that allows for recovery of erra balances that exceed 5 percent of the prior year's electric commodity revenues. in august 2017, the cpuc approved sdg&e's request to amortize $120 million in rates over a 14-month period beginning november 2017.
sdg&e also uses the electric distribution fixed cost account (edfca) balancing account to record the difference between the authorized margin and other costs allocated to electric distribution customers. sdg&e's edfca balance was undercollected by $112 million and $96 million at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the increase resulted from lower electric volumes sold in 2017.
socalgas and sdg&e use the cfca balancing account to record the difference between the authorized margin and other costs allocated to core customers. because mild weather experienced in 2016 and 2017 resulted in lower natural gas consumption compared to authorized levels, socalgas' cfca balance was undercollected by $164 million and $114 million at december 31,
97
2017 and 2016, respectively. sdg&e's cfca balance was undercollected by $26 million and $66 million at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
we discuss matters regarding sdg&e and socalgas common stock dividends below in "dividends."
socalgas aliso canyon natural gas storage facility gas leak we provide information on the natural gas leak at the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, in "factors influencing future performance" below, and in "item 1a. risk factors." the costs of defending against the related civil and criminal lawsuits and cooperating with related investigations, and any damages, restitution, and civil, administrative and criminal fines, costs and other penalties, if awarded or imposed, as well as costs of mitigating the actual natural gas released, could be significant, and to the extent not covered by insurance (including any costs in excess of applicable policy limits), or if there were to be significant delays in receiving insurance recoveries, such costs could have a material adverse effect on socalgas' and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. also, higher operating costs and additional capital expenditures incurred by socalgas as a result of new laws, orders, rules and regulations arising out of this incident or our responses thereto could be significant and may not be recoverable in customer rates, which may have a material adverse effect on socalgas' and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, if it is determined that the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility was out of service for more than nine consecutive months, we may be unable to recover this investment in rates.
the costs incurred to remediate and stop the leak and to mitigate local community impacts were significant and may increase, and to the extent not covered by insurance (including any costs in excess of applicable policy limits), or if there were to be significant delays in receiving insurance recoveries, such costs could have a material adverse effect on socalgas' and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
sempra south american utilities we expect to fund operations at chilquinta energía and luz del sur and dividends at luz del sur with available funds, including credit facilities, funds internally generated by those businesses, issuances of corporate bonds and other external borrowings.
sempra mexico we expect to fund operations and dividends at ienova with available funds, including credit facilities, and funds internally generated by the sempra mexico businesses, as well as funds from ienova's securities issuances, project financing, interim funding from the parent or affiliates, and partnering in joint ventures.
in 2017, 2016 and 2015, ienova paid dividends of $67 million, $26 million and $32 million, respectively, to its noncontrolling shareholders.
sempra renewables we expect sempra renewables to require funds for the development of and investment in electric renewable energy projects. projects at sempra renewables may be financed through a combination of operating cash flow, project financing, funds from the parent, partnering in joint ventures, and other forms of equity sales, including tax equity. the varying costs and structure of these alternative financing sources impact the projects' returns and their earnings profiles.
sempra lng & midstream we expect sempra lng & midstream to require funding for the development and expansion of its portfolio of projects, which may be financed through a combination of operating cash flow, funding from the parent, project financing and partnering in joint ventures.
sempra lng & midstream, through its interest in cameron lng jv, is developing a natural gas liquefaction export facility at the cameron lng jv terminal. the majority of the current three-train liquefaction project is project-financed, with most or all of the remainder of the capital requirements to be provided by the project partners, including sempra energy, through equity contributions under a joint venture agreement. we expect that our remaining equity requirements to complete the project will be met by a combination of our share of cash generated from each liquefaction train as it comes on line and additional cash contributions. sempra energy signed guarantees for 50.2 percent of cameron lng jv's obligations under the financing agreements for a maximum amount of up to $3.9 billion. the project financing and guarantees became effective on october 1, 2014, the effective date of the joint venture formation. the guarantees will terminate upon satisfaction of certain conditions,
98
including all three trains achieving commercial operation and meeting certain operational performance tests. we anticipate that the guarantees will be terminated approximately nine months after all three trains achieve commercial operation.
we discuss cameron lng jv and the joint venture financing further in note 4 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, below in "factors influencing future performance," and in "item 1a. risk factors."
cash flows from operating activities cash provided by operating activities
(dollars in millions)
2017                                                               2017 change                  2016(1)           2016 change                                 2015(1)
sempra energy consolidated      $3,625                  $1,314          57   %              $2,311                $(587     )       (20   )%              $2,898
sdg&amp;e                        1,547           224                    17                   1,323                (338      )       (20   )                1,661
socalgas                         1,306           635                    95           671                          (209      )       (24   )        880
(1) reflects the adoption of asu 2016-15 and asu 2016-18, as we discuss in note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
sempra energy consolidated cash provided by operating activities at sempra energy increased in 2017 primarily due to:
▪   $1.1 billion higher net income, adjusted for noncash items included in earnings, in 2017 compared to 2016, primarily due to improved results at our operating segments;
▪   $188 million net decrease in insurance receivable for aliso canyon costs in 2017 compared to a $281 million net increase in 2016. the $188 million net decrease in 2017 primarily includes $300 million in insurance proceeds received, offset by $112 million of additional accruals. we discuss the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility leak further in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements and in "item 1a. risk factors;"
▪   $31 million net increase in reserve for aliso canyon costs in 2017 compared to a $221 million net decrease in 2016. the $31 million net increase in 2017 includes $130 million of additional accruals (including $20 million of litigation reserves charged to earnings), offset by $99 million of cash paid;
▪   $66 million decrease in ndt at sdg&amp;e in 2017 as a result of cpuc authorization to withdraw trust funds for songs decommissioning costs incurred in the current year; and
▪   $17 million decrease in accounts receivable in 2017 compared to a $42 million increase in 2016; offset by
▪   $54 million increase in net overcollected regulatory balancing accounts (including long-term amounts) at socalgas in 2017 compared to a $293 million increase in 2016. over- and undercollected regulatory balancing accounts reflect the difference between customer billings and recorded or cpuc-authorized costs. these differences are required to be balanced over time;
▪   $145 million increase in permanent pipeline capacity release liability at sempra lng &amp; midstream in 2016. we discuss the permanent pipeline capacity releases in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements;
▪   $28 million increase in net undercollected regulatory balancing accounts (including long-term amounts) at sdg&amp;e in 2017 compared to a $55 million decrease in 2016;
▪   $70 million increase in income taxes receivable in 2017 compared to a $3 million decrease in 2016; and
▪   $83 million increase in accounts payable in 2017 compared to a $122 million increase in 2016.
cash provided by operating activities at sempra energy decreased in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to:
▪   $221 million net decrease in reserve for aliso canyon costs in 2016 compared to a $274 million increase in 2015. the $221 million net decrease includes $654 million of cash expenditures, offset by $433 million of additional accruals;
▪   $268 million lower net income, adjusted for noncash items included in earnings, in 2016 compared to 2015, including charges for income tax benefits previously generated from income tax repairs deductions that were reallocated to ratepayers pursuant to the 2016 grc fd, as well as lower results at sempra lng &amp; midstream;
▪   $348 million net decrease in undercollected regulatory balancing accounts (including long-term amounts) in 2016 at the california utilities compared to a $544 million net decrease in 2015;
▪   $93 million higher income tax payments in 2016; and
▪   $20 million increase in inventory in 2016 compared to a $65 million decrease in 2015; offset by
▪   $122 million increase in accounts payable in 2016 compared to a $157 million decrease in 2015, primarily due to higher average cost of natural gas purchased at socalgas, as well as higher gas purchases as a result of the moratorium on natural gas injections at the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility;
99
▪   $145 million increase in permanent pipeline capacity release liability at sempra lng &amp; midstream;
▪   $42 million increase in accounts receivable in 2016 compared to a $99 million increase in 2015. the 2015 increase was primarily due to an increase in physical gas sales at socalgas;
▪   $281 million net increase in insurance receivable for aliso canyon costs in 2016 compared to a $325 million increase in 2015. the $281 million net increase in 2016 included $450 million of additional accruals, offset by $169 million in insurance proceeds;
▪   $36 million net decrease in ghg allowance purchases at the california utilities; and
▪   $23 million reduction to the songs regulatory asset due to cash received for sdg&amp;e's portion of the doe settlement with edison related to spent fuel storage, as we discuss in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
sdg&e cash provided by operating activities at sdg&e increased in 2017 primarily due to:
▪   $136 million decrease in income taxes receivable in 2017 compared to a $115 million increase in 2016, primarily due to timing of tax payments;
▪   $66 million decrease in ndt in 2017 as a result of cpuc authorization to withdraw trust funds for songs decommissioning costs incurred in the current year;
▪   $15 million in purchases of ghg allowances in 2017 compared to $58 million in 2016; and
▪   $75 million increase in accounts payable in 2017 compared to a $39 million increase in 2016; offset by
▪   $28 million increase in net undercollected regulatory balancing accounts (including long-term amounts) in 2017 compared to a $55 million decrease in 2016;
▪   $76 million increase in accounts receivable in 2017 compared to a $31 million increase in 2016; and
▪   $23 million lower net income, adjusted for noncash items included in earnings, in 2017 compared to 2016.
cash provided by operating activities at sdg&e decreased in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to:
▪   $55 million decrease in net undercollected regulatory balancing accounts (including long-term amounts) in 2016 compared to a $474 million decrease in 2015, primarily due to changes in electric commodity accounts;
▪   $49 million higher income tax payments in 2016; and
▪   $19 million increase in receivables due from affiliates in 2016 compared to a $21 million decrease in 2015; offset by
▪   $72 million higher net income, adjusted for noncash items included in earnings, in 2016 compared to 2015;
▪   $58 million in purchases of ghg allowances in 2016 compared to $117 million in 2015; and
▪   $23 million reduction to the songs regulatory asset due to cash received for sdg&amp;e's portion of the doe settlement with edison related to spent fuel storage.
socalgas cash provided by operating activities at socalgas increased in 2017 primarily due to:
▪   $188 million net decrease in insurance receivable for aliso canyon costs in 2017 compared to a $281 million net increase in 2016. the $188 million net decrease in 2017 primarily includes $300 million in insurance proceeds received, offset by $112 million of additional accruals;
▪   $31 million net increase in reserve for aliso canyon costs in 2017 compared to a $221 million net decrease in 2016. the $31 million net increase in 2017 includes $130 million of additional accruals (including $20 million of litigation reserves charged to earnings), offset by $99 million of cash paid;
▪   $135 million higher net income, adjusted for noncash items included in earnings, in 2017 compared to 2016;
▪   $20 million net source of cash due to changes in other current assets and liabilities in 2017 compared to a $38 million net use of cash in 2016; and
▪   $72 million decrease in accounts receivable in 2017 compared to a $37 million decrease in 2016; offset by
▪   $54 million increase in net overcollected regulatory balancing accounts (including long-term amounts) in 2017 compared to a $293 million increase in 2016; and
▪   $66 million increase in inventory in 2017 compared to a $4 million decrease in 2016.
cash provided by operating activities at socalgas decreased in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to:
▪   $221 million net decrease in reserve for aliso canyon costs in 2016 compared to a $274 million increase in 2015. the $221 million net decrease includes $654 million of cash expenditures, offset by $433 million of additional accruals;
100
▪   $4 million decrease in inventory in 2016 compared to a $102 million decrease in 2015. the decrease in 2015 was primarily due to the moratorium on natural gas injections at the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility;
▪   $72 million lower net income, adjusted for noncash items included in earnings, in 2016 compared to 2015;
▪   $40 million higher income tax payments in 2016;
▪   $10 million decrease in accrued compensation in 2016 compared to a $31 million increase in 2015; and
▪   $85 million in purchases of ghg allowances in 2016 compared to $62 million in 2015; offset by
▪   $36 million increase in accounts payable in 2016 compared to a $143 million decrease in 2015. the 2015 decrease was primarily due to the moratorium on natural gas injections at the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility, as well as lower average cost of natural gas purchased;
▪   $293 million increase in net overcollected regulatory balancing accounts (including long-term amounts) in 2016 compared to a $70 million decrease in net undercollected regulatory balancing accounts in 2015, primarily due to changes in fixed-cost balancing accounts;
▪   $37 million decrease in accounts receivable in 2016 compared to a $90 million increase in 2015. the increase in 2015 was primarily due to an increase in physical gas sales; and
▪   $281 million net increase in insurance receivable for aliso canyon costs in 2016 compared to a $325 million increase in 2015. the $281 million net increase in 2016 included $450 million of additional accruals, offset by $169 million in insurance proceeds.
cash flows from investing activities cash used in investing activities
(dollars in millions)
2017                                                 2017 change                         2016(1)                                 2016 change           2015(1)
sempra energy consolidated   $(4,700     )           $(135     )       (3   )%           $(4,835     )               $1,967           69   %           $(2,868     )
sdg&amp;e                    (1,515      )       191                   14                (1,324      )        247                     23               (1,077      )
socalgas                     (1,363      )       94                     7                (1,269      )                 (133   )       (9   )           (1,402      )
(1)   reflects the adoption of asu 2016-15 and asu 2016-18, as we discuss in note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
sempra energy consolidated cash used in investing activities at sempra energy decreased in 2017 primarily due to:
▪   $1.2 billion decrease in expenditures for investments and acquisition of businesses, as we discuss below; and
▪   $265 million decrease in capital expenditures, as we discuss below; offset by
▪   $506 million higher advances to unconsolidated affiliates, mainly to the img joint venture to finance construction of a natural gas marine pipeline;
▪   $443 million net proceeds received from sempra lng &amp; midstream's sale of its 25-percent interest in rockies express in 2016;
▪   $318 million net proceeds received from sempra lng &amp; midstream's sale of energysouth in 2016; and
▪   $100 million decrease in ndt assets in 2016 as a result of cpuc authorization to withdraw trust funds for songs decommissioning costs incurred in prior years.
cash used in investing activities at sempra energy increased in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to:
▪   $1.3 billion increase in expenditures for investments and acquisition of businesses;
▪   $1.1 billion increase in capital expenditures;
▪   $347 million of net proceeds received in 2015 from sempra lng &amp; midstream's sale of the remaining 625-mw block of its mesquite power plant and a related power sale contract; and
▪   $63 million lower repayments of advances to unconsolidated affiliates; offset by
▪   $443 million net proceeds received from sempra lng &amp; midstream's sale of its investment in rockies express in 2016;
▪   $318 million net proceeds from sempra lng &amp; midstream's sale of energysouth in 2016; and
▪   $100 million decrease in ndt assets in 2016 as a result of cpuc authorization to withdraw trust funds for songs decommissioning costs incurred in prior years, compared to a $60 million decrease in 2015.
sdg&e
101
cash used in investing activities at sdg&e increased in 2017 primarily due to:
▪   $156 million increase in capital expenditures; and
▪   $100 million decrease in ndt assets in 2016 as a result of cpuc authorization to withdraw trust funds for songs decommissioning costs incurred in prior years; offset by
▪   $31 million decrease in advances to sempra energy in 2017 compared to a $31 million increase in 2016.
cash used in investing activities at sdg&e increased in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to:
▪   $266 million increase in capital expenditures; and
▪   $31 million net advances to sempra energy; offset by
▪   $100 million decrease in ndt assets in 2016 as a result of cpuc authorization to withdraw trust funds for songs decommissioning costs incurred in prior years, compared to a $60 million decrease in 2015.
socalgas cash used in investing activities at socalgas increased in 2017 primarily due to:
▪   $50 million net decrease in advances to sempra energy in 2016; and
▪   $48 million increase in capital expenditures.
cash used in investing activities at socalgas decreased in 2016 compared to 2015 due to:
▪   $50 million net decrease in advances to sempra energy in 2016 compared to a $50 million net increase in 2015; and
▪   $33 million lower capital expenditures.
capital expenditures and investments sempra energy consolidated expenditures for pp&e
102
the following table summarizes capital expenditures for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015.
expenditures for pp&amp;e
(dollars in millions)
years ended december 31,
2017                                                                                                                               2016                  2015
sdg&amp;e:
improvements to electric and natural gas distribution systems, including certain pipeline safety and generation systems                                                                                  $966                  $727                  $639
psep                                                                                                      48                   121                    98
improvements to electric transmission systems                                                            527                   513                   396
electric generation plants and equipment                                                                  14                    38                     -
socalgas:
improvements to natural gas distribution, transmission and storage systems, and for certain pipeline safety                                                                                        1,145                   932                   785
psep                                                                                                     194                   292                   361
advanced metering infrastructure                                                                          28                    95                   206
sempra south american utilities:
improvements to electric transmission and distribution systems and generation projects in peru                                                                                         151                   134                    98
improvements to electric transmission and distribution infrastructure in chile                            93                    60                    56
sempra mexico:
construction of the sonora, ojinaga and san isidro pipeline projects                                     183                   302                   278
construction of other natural gas pipeline and renewables projects, and capital expenditures at ecogas                                                                                                 65                    28                    24
sempra renewables:
construction costs for wind projects                                                                     133                   198                    16
construction costs for solar projects                                                                    364                   637                    65
sempra lng &amp; midstream:
cameron interstate pipeline and other lng liquefaction development costs                                  18                    98                    55
other                                                                                                      2                    19                    32
parent and other                                                                                          18                    20                    47
total                                                                                                 $3,949                $4,214                $3,156
sempra energy consolidated investments and acquisitions during the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, sempra energy invested in various joint ventures and other businesses, summarized in the following table.
expenditures for investments and acquisitions(1)
(dollars in millions)
years ended december 31,
2017                                                            2016(2)                                2015(2)
sempra south american utilities:
eletrans                            $1                          $-                                   $-
sempra mexico:
den                                 147                         -                                     -
ienova pipelines                    -                           1,078                                 -
img                                 72                                  100                           -
ventika                             -                                   242                           -
sempra renewables:
expenditures for wind projects(3)   -                                    21                          19
expenditures for solar projects     -                           -                                     5
other                               -                                    15                           -
sempra lng &amp; midstream:
cameron lng jv(4)                   48                                   47                          59
mississippi hub(5)                  -                           -                                     2
rockies express(6)                  -                           -                                   113
103
parent and other         2   1              -
total                 $270         $1,504   $198
(1)   net of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash acquired.
(2)   reflects the adoption of asu 2016-15 and asu 2016-18, as we discuss in note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
(3)   excludes accrued purchase price of $5 million in 2015.
(4)   includes capitalized interest of $47 million, $47 million and $49 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, on sempra lng &amp; midstream's investment, as the joint venture has not commenced planned principal operations.
(5)   investment in industrial development bonds.
(6)   repayment of project debt that matured in early 2015.
sempra energy consolidated distributions from investments sempra energy's distributions from investments, which represent the return of investment capital from equity method investments at sempra renewables, totaled $26 million, $25 million and $15 million for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. these amounts do not include distributions of earnings from equity method investments that represent returns on investments, which are included in cash flows from operations.
future construction expenditures and investments the amounts and timing of capital expenditures and certain investments are generally subject to approvals by various regulatory and other governmental and environmental bodies, including the cpuc and the ferc. in 2018, we expect to make capital expenditures and investments of approximately $13.3 billion, as summarized in the following table.
future construction expenditures and investments
(dollars in millions)
year ended december 31, 2018
sdg&amp;e:
improvements to electric and natural gas distribution systems, including certain pipeline safety and generation systems                                                                                                                   $835
psep                                                                                                                                    5
improvements to electric transmission systems                                                                                         420
socalgas:
improvements to natural gas distribution, transmission and storage systems, and for certain pipeline safety                         1,000
psep                                                                                                                                  200
energy future holdings:
merger consideration                                                                                                                9,450
capital contribution and transaction costs                                                                                            250
sempra south american utilities:
improvements to electric transmission and distribution systems and generation projects in peru                                        140
improvements to electric transmission and distribution infrastructure in chile                                                         80
sempra mexico:
construction of the pima, la rumorosa and tepezalá ii solar projects                                                                  160
construction of liquid fuels terminals                                                                                                240
improvements to natural gas transmission and distribution systems                                                                     120
sempra renewables:
construction costs for wind and solar projects                                                                                        100
sempra lng &amp; midstream:
development of lng and natural gas transportation projects                                                                            320
total                                                                                                                             $13,320
we discuss significant capital projects, planned and in progress, at each of our segments in "factors influencing future performance" below.
over the next five years, 2018 through 2022, and subject to the factors described below which could cause these estimates to vary substantially, sempra energy expects to make aggregate capital expenditures and investments of approximately $12.9 billion at the california utilities and $11.9 billion at its other subsidiaries.
104
capital expenditure amounts include capitalized interest. at the california utilities, the amounts also include the portion of afudc related to debt, but exclude the portion of afudc related to equity. at sempra mexico and sempra lng & midstream, the amounts also exclude afudc related to equity. we provide further details about afudc in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
periodically, we review our construction, investment and financing programs and revise them in response to changes in regulation, economic conditions, competition, customer growth, inflation, customer rates, the cost and availability of capital, and safety and environmental requirements. we discuss these considerations in more detail in notes 13, 14 and 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
our level of capital expenditures and investments in the next few years may vary substantially and will depend on the cost and availability of financing, regulatory approvals, changes in u.s. federal tax law and business opportunities providing desirable rates of return. we intend to finance our capital expenditures in a manner that will maintain our investment-grade credit ratings and capital structure.
cash flows from financing activities cash flows from financing activities
(dollars in millions)
2017                                                 2017 change                      2016(1)               2016 change           2015(1)
sempra energy consolidated      $1,007               $(1,495     )                $2,502                   $2,678                 $(176     )
sdg&amp;e                          (23   )           (1          )                   (22    )       546                           (568      )
socalgas                            53               (499        )         552                      57                        495
(1)   reflects the adoption of asu 2016-15 and asu 2016-18, as we discuss in note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
sempra energy consolidated cash provided by financing activities at sempra energy decreased in 2017 primarily due to:
▪   $1.2 billion proceeds received in 2016 from the ienova follow-on common stock offerings, net of offering costs and sempra energy's participation, as we discuss in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements;
▪   $743 million higher payments on debt with maturities greater than 90 days, including:
◦   $828 million higher payments of commercial paper and other short-term debt ($1.9 billion in 2017 compared to $1.07 billion in 2016), offset by
◦   $85 million lower payments on long-term debt ($906 million in 2017 compared to $991 million in 2016);
▪   $36 million net decrease in short-term debt in 2017 compared to a $692 million net increase in 2016;
▪   $196 million net proceeds from tax equity funding from certain wind and solar power generation projects at sempra renewables in 2017 compared to $474 million in 2016;
▪   $69 million increase in common stock dividends paid in 2017; and
▪   $67 million increase in net distributions to noncontrolling interests; offset by
▪   $1.6 billion higher issuances of debt with maturities greater than 90 days, including:
◦   $1.4 billion for long-term debt ($3 billion in 2017 compared to $1.6 billion in 2016), and
◦   $172 million for commercial paper and other short-term debt ($1.6 billion in 2017 compared to $1.4 billion in 2016).
financing activities at sempra energy were a net source of cash in 2016 compared to a net use of cash in 2015, primarily due to:
▪   $692 million net increase in short-term debt in 2016 compared to a $622 million net decrease in 2015;
▪   $1.2 billion proceeds received from the ienova follow-on common stock offerings, net of offering costs and sempra energy's participation; and
▪   $474 million net proceeds from tax equity funding from certain wind and solar power generation projects at sempra renewables; offset by
▪   $203 million higher payments of debt with maturities greater than 90 days, including:
◦   $255 million higher payments of long-term debt ($991 million in 2016 compared to $736 million in 2015), offset by
◦   $52 million lower payments of commercial paper and other short-term debt ($1.07 billion in 2016 compared to $1.12 billion in 2015);
▪   $58 million increase in common stock dividends paid in 2016;
105
▪   $52 million from excess tax benefits related to share-based compensation in 2015. in connection with the adoption of a new accounting standard related to share-based compensation, $34 million of similar excess tax benefits are now recorded to earnings and included as an operating activity beginning in 2016; and
▪   $41 million lower issuances of debt with maturities greater than 90 days, including:
◦   $812 million lower issuances of long-term debt ($1.6 billion in 2016 compared to $2.4 billion in 2015), offset by
◦   $771 million higher issuances of commercial paper and other short-term debt ($1.4 billion in 2016 compared to $633 million in 2015).
sdg&e cash used in financing activities at sdg&e increased in 2017 primarily due to:
▪   $275 million increase in common stock dividends paid in 2017; and
▪   $100 million lower issuances of long-term debt in 2017; offset by
▪   $253 million net increase in short-term debt in 2017 compared to a $114 million net decrease in 2016.
cash used in financing activities at sdg&e decreased in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to:
▪   $343 million lower payments on long-term debt in 2016;
▪   $125 million decrease in common stock dividends paid in 2016; and
▪   $54 million higher issuances of long-term debt in 2016.
socalgas cash provided by financing activities at socalgas decreased in 2017 primarily due to a $499 million issuance of long-term debt in 2016.
cash provided by financing activities at socalgas increased in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to:
▪   $62 million increase in short-term debt in 2016 compared to a $50 million decrease in 2015; and
▪   $50 million common stock dividends paid in 2015; offset by
▪   $100 million lower issuances of long-term debt in 2016.
long-term debt long-term debt(1)
(dollars in millions)
weighted-average at december 31, 2017
december 31,                maturity   interest
2017                                         2016                2015                            (in years)   rate sempra energy consolidated     $17,872             $15,342             $14,041             10.8   4.18                    %
sdg&amp;e                        5,555               4,849               4,505             14.8   4.25
socalgas                         2,986               2,982               2,490             12.3   3.72
(1)   includes current portion of long-term debt.
issuances of long-term debt major issuances of long-term debt in 2017, 2016 and 2015 include the following:
issuances of long-term debt
(dollars in millions)
amount at issuance          maturity
2017:
sempra energy variable-rate notes (2.038% at december 31, 2017)              $850                       2021
sempra energy 3.25% notes                                                     750                       2027
sdg&amp;e 3.75% first mortgage bonds                                          400                       2047
luz del sur 6.375% corporate bonds                                             50                       2023
luz del sur 5.9375% corporate bonds                                            50                       2027
sempra mexico 4.875% notes                                                    540                       2048
sempra mexico 3.75% notes                                                     300                       2028
106
2016:
sempra energy 1.625% notes                                                     500      2019
sdg&amp;e 2.50% first mortgage bonds                                           500      2026
socalgas 2.60% first mortgage bonds                                            500      2026
luz del sur 6.50% corporate bonds                                               50      2025
2015:
sempra energy 2.40% notes                                                      500      2020
sempra energy 2.85% notes                                                      400      2020
sempra energy 3.75% notes                                                      350      2025
sdg&amp;e 1.914% first mortgage bonds                                          250      2022
sdg&amp;e variable-rate first mortgage bonds (1.151% at december 31, 2016)     140      2017
socalgas 3.20% first mortgage bonds                                            350      2025
socalgas 1.55% first mortgage bonds                                            250      2018
sempra energy and sempra mexico used the proceeds from their issuances of long-term debt primarily to repay outstanding commercial paper and short-term debt and for general corporate purposes. we discuss issuances of long-term debt further in note 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
the california utilities used the proceeds from their issuances of long-term debt:
▪   for general working capital purposes;
▪   to support their electric (at sdg&amp;e) and natural gas (at sdg&amp;e and socalgas) procurement programs;
▪   to repay commercial paper, maturing long-term debt and certain long-term debt prior to maturity; and
▪   to replenish amounts expended and to fund future expenditures for the expansion and improvement of their utility plants.
payments on long-term debt major payments of principal on long-term debt in 2017, 2016 and 2015 included the following:
payments on long-term debt
(dollars in millions)
payments           maturity
2017:
sempra energy 2.3% notes                                                            $600                      2017
sdg&amp;e variable-rate first mortgage bonds (1.151% at december 31, 2016)           140                      2017
sdg&amp;e 1.914% amortizing first mortgage bonds                                      36                      2022
luz del sur 5.81%-5.97% corporate bonds                                               43                      2017
sempra mexico fixed and variable-rate notes                                           52                 2024-2032
2016:
sempra energy 6.5% notes                                                             750                      2016
sdg&amp;e 5% industrial development revenue bonds                                    105                      2027
sdg&amp;e 1.914% amortizing first mortgage bonds                                      35                      2022
luz del sur 5.05%-6% bank loans                                                       62                      2016
2015:
sdg&amp;e 5.3% first mortgage bonds                                                  250                      2015
sdg&amp;e 4.9%-5.5% notes and industrial development revenue bonds                   169                 2021-2027
sdg&amp;e 366-day commercial paper                                                   100                      2015
sdg&amp;e 1.914% amortizing first mortgage bonds                                      18                      2022
sempra mexico variable-rate notes                                                     51                      2017
sempra lng &amp; midstream variable-rate industrial development bonds                 55                      2037
in note 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, we provide information about our lines of credit and additional information about debt activity.
107
capital stock transactions sempra energy cash provided by employee stock option exercises and newly issued shares under our dividend reinvestment and direct stock purchase plan and our 401(k) saving plan was
▪   $47 million in 2017
▪   $51 million in 2016
▪   $52 million in 2015
dividends sempra energy sempra energy paid cash dividends on common stock of:
▪   $755 million in 2017
▪   $686 million in 2016
▪   $628 million in 2015
on december 15, 2017, sempra energy declared a quarterly dividend of $0.8225 per share of common stock that was paid on january 16, 2018.
dividends declared have increased in each of the last three years due to an increase in the per-share quarterly dividends approved by our board of directors from $0.70 in 2015 ($2.80 annually) to $0.755 in 2016 ($3.02 annually) to $0.8225 in 2017 ($3.29 annually).
on february 22, 2018, our board of directors approved an increase in sempra energy's quarterly common stock dividend to $0.895 per share ($3.58 annually). declarations of dividends on our common stock are made at the discretion of the board of directors. while we view dividends as an integral component of shareholder return, the amount of future dividends will depend on earnings, cash flows, financial and legal requirements, and other relevant factors at that time.
in addition, on february 22, 2018, our board of directors declared a dividend of $1.60 per share on our mandatory convertible preferred stock, payable on april 15, 2018.
sdg&e in 2017, 2016 and 2015, sdg&e paid dividends to enova and enova paid corresponding dividends to sempra energy of $450 million, $175 million and $300 million, respectively. sdg&e's dividends on common stock declared on an annual historical basis may not be indicative of future declarations, and could be impacted over the next few years in order for sdg&e to maintain its authorized capital structure while managing its capital investment program (over $1.2 billion per year).
enova, a wholly owned subsidiary of sempra energy, owns all of sdg&e's outstanding common stock. accordingly, dividends paid by sdg&e to enova and dividends paid by enova to sempra energy are both eliminated in sempra energy's consolidated financial statements.
socalgas socalgas declared and paid common stock dividends to pe and pe paid corresponding dividends to sempra energy of $50 million in 2015. as a result of socalgas' capital investment program of over $1 billion per year, socalgas has not declared or paid common stock dividends since 2015. socalgas' common stock dividends in the next few years will be impacted by its ability to maintain its authorized capital structure while managing its capital investment program.
pe, a wholly owned subsidiary of sempra energy, owns all of socalgas' outstanding common stock. accordingly, dividends paid by socalgas to pe and dividends paid by pe to sempra energy are both eliminated in sempra energy's consolidated financial statements.
dividend restrictions the board of directors for each of sempra energy, sdg&e and socalgas has the discretion to determine the payment and amount of future dividends by each such entity. the cpuc's regulation of sdg&e's and socalgas' capital structures limits the amounts that are available for loans and dividends to sempra energy. at december 31, 2017, based on these regulations, sempra energy could have received loans and dividends of approximately $469 million from sdg&e and $736 million from socalgas.
108
we provide additional information about dividend restrictions in "restricted net assets" in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
book value per share sempra energy's book value per share on the last day of each year was
▪   $50.40 in 2017
▪   $51.77 in 2016
▪   $47.56 in 2015
the decrease in 2017 was primarily the result of dividends exceeding comprehensive income, partially offset by an increase in equity from share-based compensation. in 2016, the increase was attributable to comprehensive income in excess of dividends, ienova's follow-on equity offerings and a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings for previously unrecognized excess tax benefits from share-based compensation.
capitalization our debt to capitalization ratio, calculated as total debt as a percentage of total debt and equity, was as follows:
total capitalization and debt-to-capitalization ratios
(dollars in millions)
sempra energy consolidated(1)                sdg&amp;e(1)                socalgas december 31, 2017
total capitalization           $34,552                        $11,434                     $7,009
debt-to-capitalization ratio   56              %       51                   %      44                   %
december 31, 2016
total capitalization           $32,362                        $10,527                     $6,554
debt-to-capitalization ratio   53              %       46                   %      46                   %
(1)   includes otay mesa vie with no significant impact.
significant changes during 2017 that affected capitalization included the following:
▪   sempra energy consolidated: increase in long-term debt as well as dividends exceeding comprehensive income, partially offset by the sale of noncontrolling interests and a decrease in short-term debt.
▪   sdg&amp;e: increase in both long-term and short-term debt as well as dividends exceeding comprehensive income.
▪   socalgas: comprehensive income exceeding an increase in short-term debt.
we provide additional information about these significant changes in notes 1 and 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
109
commitments the following tables summarize principal contractual commitments, primarily long-term, at december 31, 2017 for sempra energy consolidated, sdg&e and socalgas. we provide additional information about commitments above and in notes 5, 7, 13 and 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
principal contractual commitments - sempra energy consolidated
(dollars in millions)
2018                                                                      2019 and 2020              2021 and 2022              thereafter                   total long-term debt                                  $1,412                    $2,452                     $1,993                  $11,282                 $17,139
interest on long-term debt(1)                      686                     1,202                      1,072                    5,494                   8,454
operating leases                                    98                       132                        115                      346                     691
capital leases(2)                                   17                        35                         45                    1,192                   1,289
purchased-power contracts                          702                     1,321                      1,231                    5,726                   8,980
natural gas contracts                              292                       194                         92                      127                     705
lng contract(3)                                    302                       774                        814                    2,935                   4,825
construction commitments                           257                       106                         40                      124                     527
build-to-suit lease                                 10                        21                         22                      234                     287
songs decommissioning                               72                       141                        139                      255                     607
other asset retirement obligations                  73                       170                        152                    1,875                   2,270
sunrise powerlink wildfire mitigation fund           3                         6                          6                      104                     119
pension and other postretirement benefit obligations(4)                                     235                       310                        468                    1,338                   2,351
environmental commitments(5)                        12                        18                          4                       19                      53
other                                              161                        54                         30                       71                     316
total                                           $4,332                    $6,936                     $6,223                  $31,122                 $48,613
(1)   we calculate expected interest payments using the stated interest rate for fixed-rate obligations, including floating-to-fixed interest rate swaps. we calculate expected interest payments for variable-rate obligations based on forward rates in effect at december 31, 2017.
(2)   present value of the net minimum lease payments includes $550 million at sdg&amp;e that will be recorded as a capital lease obligation when construction of the power plant facility subject to the lease is completed and delivery of contracted power commences, which is scheduled to occur in 2018.
(3)   sempra lng &amp; midstream has a purchase agreement with a major international company for the supply of lng to the eca terminal. the commitment amount is calculated using a predetermined formula based on estimated forward prices of the index applicable from 2018 to 2029. we provide more information about this contract in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
(4)   amounts represent expected company contributions to the plans for the next 10 years.
(5)   excludes amounts related to the natural gas leak at socalgas' aliso canyon natural gas storage facility.
principal contractual commitments - sdg&amp;e
(dollars in millions)
2018                                                                    2019 and 2020             2021 and 2022             thereafter                 total long-term debt                                    $207                    $357                      $403                  $3,901                 $4,868
interest on long-term debt(1)                      206                     382                       360                   2,342                  3,290
operating leases                                    24                      45                        41                      57                    167
capital leases(2)                                   14                      34                        45                   1,189                  1,282
purchased-power contracts                          577                   1,081                     1,006                   5,457                  8,121
construction commitments                            79                      30                         6                       5                    120
songs decommissioning                               72                     141                       139                     255                    607
other asset retirement obligations                   5                       9                         8                     210                    232
sunrise powerlink wildfire mitigation fund           3                       6                         6                     104                    119
pension and other postretirement benefit obligations(3)                                      51                      25                        95                     247                    418
environmental commitments                            3                       4                         3                      18                     28
other                                                4                       8                         9                      10                     31
total                                           $1,245                  $2,122                    $2,121                 $13,795                $19,283
(1)   sdg&amp;e calculates expected interest payments using the stated interest rate for fixed-rate obligations, including floating-to-fixed interest rate swaps.
(2)   present value of the net minimum lease payments includes $550 million that will be recorded as a capital lease obligation when construction of the power plant facility subject to the lease is completed and delivery of contracted power commences, which is scheduled to occur in 2018.
(3)   amounts represent expected sdg&amp;e contributions to the plans for the next 10 years.
110
principal contractual commitments - socalgas
(dollars in millions)
2018                                                                2019 and 2020             2021 and 2022             thereafter                 total long-term debt                                $500                      $-                        $-                  $2,509                 $3,009
interest on long-term debt(1)                  100                     189                       189                   1,055                  1,533
natural gas contracts                          108                      88                        56                      81                    333
operating leases                                40                      65                        53                      79                    237
capital leases                                   1                       -                         -                       -                      1
construction commitments                         3                       4                         -                       -                      7
environmental commitments(2)                     7                      14                         1                       2                     24
pension and other postretirement benefit obligations(3)                                 115                     220                       301                     994                  1,630
asset retirement obligations                    68                     161                       144                   1,580                  1,953
other                                            1                       3                         3                      24                     31
total                                         $943                    $744                      $747                  $6,324                 $8,758
(1)   socalgas calculates interest payments using the stated interest rate for fixed-rate obligations.
(2)   excludes amounts related to the natural gas leak at the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility.
(3)   amounts represent expected socalgas contributions to the plans for the next 10 years.
the tables exclude
▪   contracts between consolidated affiliates
▪   intercompany debt
▪   employment contracts the tables also exclude income tax liabilities at december 31, 2017 of:
▪   $57 million for sempra energy consolidated
▪   $10 million for sdg&amp;e
▪   $35 million for socalgas these liabilities relate to uncertain tax positions and were excluded from the tables because we are unable to reasonably estimate the timing of future payments due to uncertainties in the timing of the effective settlement of tax positions. we provide additional information about unrecognized tax benefits in note 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
off-balance sheet arrangements the maximum aggregate amount of guarantees provided by sempra energy on behalf of related parties at december 31, 2017 is $4.5 billion. we discuss these guarantees in note 4 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
we have bilateral unsecured standby letter of credit capacity with select lenders that is uncommitted and supported by reimbursement agreements. at december 31, 2017, we had approximately $629 million in standby letters of credit outstanding under these agreements.
sdg&e has entered into ppas which are variable interests. sempra renewables has entered into tax equity arrangements which are variable interests. sempra energy's other businesses may also enter into arrangements which could include variable interests. we discuss variable interests in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
factors influencing future performance sempra energy pending acquisition of energy future holdings corp.
on august 21, 2017, sempra energy entered into a merger agreement to acquire efh, the indirect owner of an 80.03-percent interest in oncor, for merger consideration of $9.45 billion in cash. oncor is a regulated electric distribution and transmission
111
business that operates the largest distribution and transmission system in texas. we expect the merger to close in the first half of 2018. upon consummation of the acquisition, although we will consolidate efh, we will account for our ownership in oncor holdings and oncor as an equity method investment. we discuss this merger and related financing in notes 3 and 18 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, "capital resources and liquidity" above, "item 1. business," "item 1a. risk factors" and "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
the merger is subject to customary closing conditions, including the approval of the puct. certain conditions, such as approval from the bankruptcy court, the ferc, the vermont department of financial regulation and receipt of a private letter ruling from the irs, have been satisfied. if the required governmental consents and approvals are not received, or if they are not received on terms that satisfy the conditions in the agreements governing the merger, the merger could be abandoned, delayed or restructured. the agreements governing the merger may require us to accept conditions from regulators that could materially adversely impact the results of operations, financial condition and prospects of sempra energy (which after giving effect to the assumed completion of our proposed acquisition of efh, we refer to as the "combined company").
oncor performance the success of the merger will depend, in part, on the ability of oncor to successfully execute its business strategy, including several objectives that are capital intensive, and to respond to challenges in the electric utility industry. if oncor is not able to achieve these objectives, is not able to achieve these objectives on a timely basis, or otherwise fails to perform in accordance with our expectations, the anticipated benefits of the merger may not be realized fully or at all and the merger may materially adversely affect the results of operations, financial condition and prospects of the combined company and, consequently, the market value of sempra energy common stock, preferred stock and debt securities. in addition, if oncor fails to meet its capital requirements or if its credit ratings at closing by any one of the three major rating agencies are below the ratings as of june 30, 2017, we may be required to make additional equity investments in oncor, or if oncor is unable to access sufficient capital to finance its ongoing needs, we may elect to make additional equity investments in oncor, which could be substantial and which would reduce the cash available to us for other purposes, could increase our indebtedness and could ultimately materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and prospects after the merger. in addition, we have agreed that, within 60 days after the merger, we will contribute our proportionate share of the aggregate investment in oncor in an amount necessary for oncor to achieve a capital structure consisting of 57.5 percent long-term debt and 42.5 percent equity, as calculated for regulatory purposes.
financing and dilution we intend to ultimately finance the merger consideration of $9.45 billion, along with the associated transaction costs, with approximately 65 percent from issuances of common stock and other equity securities and approximately 35 percent from issuances of debt securities, although we may use cash from operations and proceeds from asset sales in place of some equity financing. on january 9, 2018, we issued approximately $1.69 billion (net of underwriting discounts, but before deducting related expenses) of our mandatory convertible preferred stock and $368 million of common stock (net of underwriting discounts, but before deducting related expenses), and we completed an offering of 23,364,486 common shares subject to forward sale agreements, which we expect to settle in whole or in part by the issuance of common stock in the future. these equity issuances and contemplated equity issuances will have the effect of diluting the economic and voting interests of our shareholders and, without a commensurate increase in sempra energy's earnings, would dilute our eps.
absence of control in accordance with the ring-fencing measures, existing governance mechanisms and commitments we made as part of the joint application and the stipulation, we will be subject to certain restrictions following the merger. the stipulation includes regulatory commitments by sempra energy, most of which are similar to the regulatory commitments made by sempra energy as part of the joint application and are consistent with the ring-fencing measures currently in place. the ring-fencing measures, commitments, governance mechanisms and restrictions include the following, among others:
▪   a majority of the independent directors of oncor must approve any annual or multi-year budget if the aggregate amount of capital expenditures or operating and maintenance expenditures in such budget is more than a 10 percent increase or decrease from the corresponding amounts of such expenditures in the budget for the preceding fiscal year or multi-year period, as applicable;
▪   oncor will make minimum aggregate capital expenditures equal to at least $7.5 billion over the period from january 1, 2018 through december 31, 2022 (subject to certain possible adjustments);
▪   sempra energy has agreed to make, within 60 days after the merger, its proportionate share of the aggregate equity investment in oncor in an amount necessary for oncor to achieve a capital structure consisting of 57.5 percent long-term debt and 42.5
112
percent equity, as calculated for regulatory purposes (until recently, oncor's regulatory capital structure required 40 percent equity, with the remaining 60 percent as debt);
▪   oncor may not pay any dividends or make any other distributions (except for contractual tax payments) if a majority of its independent directors or a minority member director determines that it is in the best interests of oncor to retain such amounts to meet expected future requirements;
▪   at all times, oncor will remain in compliance with the debt-to-equity ratio established by the puct from time to time for ratemaking purposes, and oncor will not pay dividends or other distributions (except for contractual tax payments), if that payment would cause its debt-to-equity ratio to exceed the debt-to-equity ratio approved by the puct;
▪   sempra energy will ensure that, as of the closing of the merger, oncor's credit rating by all three major rating agencies will be at or above oncor's credit ratings as of june 30, 2017;
▪   if the credit rating on oncor's senior secured debt by any of the three major rating agencies falls below bbb (or the equivalent), oncor will suspend dividends and other distributions (except for contractual tax payments), unless otherwise allowed by the puct;
▪   without the prior approval of the puct, neither sempra energy nor any of its affiliates (excluding oncor) will incur, guarantee or pledge assets in respect of any indebtedness that is dependent on the revenues of oncor in more than a proportionate degree than the other revenues of sempra energy or on the stock of oncor, and there will be no debt at efh or efih at any time following the closing of the merger;
▪   neither oncor nor oncor holdings will lend money to or borrow money from sempra energy or any of its affiliates (other than oncor subsidiaries), or any entity with a direct or indirect ownership interest in oncor or oncor holdings, and neither oncor nor oncor holdings will share credit facilities with sempra energy or any of its affiliates (other than oncor subsidiaries), or any entity with a direct or indirect ownership interest in oncor or oncor holdings;
▪   oncor will not seek recovery in rates of any expenses or liabilities related to efh's bankruptcy, or (1) any tax liabilities resulting from efh's spinoff of its former subsidiary texas competitive electric holdings company llc, (2) any asbestos claims relating to non-oncor operations of efh or (3) any make-whole claims by holders of debt securities issued by efh or efih, and sempra energy must file with the puct a plan providing for the extinguishment of the liabilities described in items (1) through (3) above, which protects oncor from any harm;
▪   there must be maintained certain "separateness measures" that reinforce the financial separation of oncor from efh and efh's owners, including a requirement that dealings between oncor, oncor holdings and their subsidiaries and sempra energy, any of sempra energy's other affiliates or any entity with a direct or indirect ownership interest in oncor or oncor holdings, must be on an arm's-length basis, limitations on affiliate transactions, separate recordkeeping requirements and a prohibition on pledging oncor assets or stock for any entity other than oncor;
▪   no transaction costs or transition costs related to the merger (excluding oncor employee time) will be borne by oncor's customers nor included in oncor's rates;
▪   sempra energy will continue to hold indirectly at least 51 percent of the ownership interests in oncor and oncor holdings for at least five years following the closing of the merger, unless otherwise specifically authorized by the puct; and
▪   oncor will provide bill credits to customers in an amount equal to 90 percent of any interest rate savings achieved due to any improvement in its credit ratings or market spreads compared to those as of june 30, 2017 until final rates are set in the next oncor base rate case filed after puct docket no. 46957 (except that savings will not be included in credits if already realized in rates); and one year after the merger, oncor will provide bill credits to its customers equal to 90 percent of any synergy savings until final rates are set in the next oncor base rate proceeding after puct docket no. 46957, at which time any total synergy savings shall be reflected in oncor's rates.
as a result of these regulatory commitments, governance mechanisms and restrictions, we will not control oncor holdings or oncor, and we will have limited ability to direct the management, policies and operations of oncor holdings and oncor, including the deployment or disposition of their assets, declarations of dividends, strategic planning and other important corporate issues and actions. we will have limited representation on the oncor holdings and oncor boards of directors, which will be controlled by independent directors. in addition, we will not be allowed to make loans to oncor or oncor holdings. the existence of these ring-fencing measures and other limitations may increase our costs of financing. further, the oncor directors have considerable autonomy and, as described in our commitments, have a duty to act in the best interest of oncor consistent with the approved ring-fence and delaware law, which may be contrary to our best interests or be in opposition to our preferred strategic direction for oncor. to the extent that they take actions that are not in our interests, the financial condition, results of operations and prospects of the combined company may be materially adversely affected.
113
key personnel at oncor if, despite efforts to retain certain key personnel at oncor, any key personnel depart or fail to continue employment as a result of the merger, the loss of the services of such personnel and their experience and knowledge could adversely affect oncor's results of operations, financial condition and prospects and the successful ongoing operation of its business, which could also have a material adverse effect on the results of operations, financial condition and prospects of the combined company.
tax cuts and jobs act of 2017
we discuss the tcja that was signed into law on december 22, 2017 in note 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements and above in "changes in revenues, costs and earnings - income taxes" and "capital resources and liquidity - impacts of the tcja."
sdg&e sdg&e's operations have historically provided relatively stable earnings and liquidity. its performance will depend primarily on the ratemaking and regulatory process, environmental regulations, economic conditions, actions by the california legislature and the changing energy marketplace.
114
capital project updates we summarize below information regarding certain major capital projects at sdg&e.
capital projects - sdg&amp;e project description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                estimated capital cost (in millions)                                                                                                                                            status cleveland national forest electric line replacement projects
§                                may 2016 cpuc final decision followed approval by the u.s. forest service and granted a permit to construct various electric transmission line replacement projects in and around cnf to promote fire safety, at an estimated total cost of $680 million: $455 million for the various transmission-level facilities and $225 million for associated distribution-level facilities, including distribution circuits and additional undergrounding, as required by the u.s. forest service final environmental impact statement.                          $680                       §                                                                                                                             estimated completion: in phases through 2020
§         in july 2016, the cnf foundation and the protect our communities foundation filed a joint application request for rehearing of the final decision. the cpuc does not have a specific deadline to rule on the request and has not yet acted.
sycamore-peñasquitos transmission project
§                                october 2016 cpuc final decision granted a cpcn to construct a 230-kv transmission project to provide 16.7-mile connection between sycamore canyon and peñasquitos substations to ensure grid reliability and access to renewable energy, at an estimated cost not to exceed $260 million.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               $260                       §                                                                                                                             estimated completion: 2018
south orange county reliability enhancement
§                                december 2016 cpuc final decision granted a cpcn to replace/upgrade existing 230-kv electric transmission lines and substation infrastructure to enhance the capacity and reliability of electric service to the south orange county area, at an estimated cost not to exceed $381 million.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              $381                       §                                                                                                                             construction began in the fourth quarter of 2017.
§         in june 2017, the city of san juan capistrano filed a complaint to challenge the cpuc's approval of the project in the u.s. district court for the central district of california. the federal district court dismissed the complaint in october 2017.
§                                                                                                                             in october 2017, a cpuc order denied rehearing requests filed by the city of san juan capistrano and a local opposition group.
§                                                                                                                             in november 2017, the city of san juan capistrano appealed the federal district court's dismissal to the u.s. court of appeals for the ninth circuit.
§                                                                                                                             in february 2018, the city of san juan capistrano filed with the ninth circuit to stay the cpuc's authorization to construct the project pending review of the appeal by the court.
electric vehicle charging
§                                january 2016 cpuc final decision authorizes a 3-year, $45 million program providing up to 3,500 ev charging units.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        $45                       §                                                                                                                             estimated completion: 2020
§                                january 2017 application, pursuant to sb 350, to perform various activities and make investments in support of residential ev charging with an estimated implementation cost of $51 million of o&amp;m.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  $322                       §                                                                                                                             application amended in the fourth quarter of 2017 and is pending.
§         received approval of $20 million for six priority projects in january 2018. draft decision expected in the first half of 2018 for remaining $302 million.
§                                january 2018 application, pursuant to sb 350, to make investments to support medium-duty and high-duty evs with an estimated implementation cost of $7 million of o&amp;m.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               $226                       §                                                                                                                             application pending: draft decision expected in first quarter of 2019.
115
capital projects - sdg&amp;e (continued)
project description                                                                                                                                                                             estimated capital cost (in millions)                  status energy storage projects
§                              2016 expedited application to own and operate two energy storage projects totaling 37.5 mw to enhance electric reliability in the san diego service territory.   not disclosed                                     §   completed in first quarter of 2017.
§                              april 2017 application to procure up to 70 mw of utility-owned energy storage to provide local capacity.                                                         not disclosed                                     §   application pending; draft decision expected in first half of 2018.
utility billing and customer information systems software
§                              april 2017 application to replace the software, with an estimated implementation cost of $76 million of o&amp;m.                                                           $222                                    §   application pending; joint party settlement filed january 2018; draft decision expected in first half of 2018.
sunrise powerlink project cost cap in august 2015, sdg&e filed a petition with the cpuc requesting that it revise and confirm the project cost cap for the sunrise powerlink, a 500-kv electric transmission line between the imperial valley and the san diego region that was energized and placed in service in june 2012. while post-energization construction activities for the project were completed in 2013, certain matters relating to outstanding claims were not resolved until the first quarter of 2015. the filing requested cpuc approval of the final expenditure report for the project and the proposed revisions to the total project cost cap. as evidenced in the final report, actual expenditures for the project totaled $1.9 billion (in 2012 dollars, on a net present value basis), which exceeds the total project cost cap approved by the cpuc in 2008 by $4.4 million.
in june 2017, the cpuc dismissed sdg&e's petition as moot since the sunrise powerlink transmission project has been fully constructed and found that, although the cpuc may establish a cost cap for electric transmission projects, the recovery of the associated costs is under ferc jurisdiction. the decision also found that sdg&e complied with the cpuc's quarterly reporting requirements, resolving the issue of whether the adequacy of such reporting should be further investigated.
electric rate reform - california assembly bill 327
ab 327 became law on january 1, 2014 and restores the authority to establish electric residential rates for electric utility companies in california to the cpuc and removes the rate caps established in ab 1x adopted in early 2001 during california's energy crisis and in sb 695 adopted in 2009. additionally, the bill provides the cpuc the authority to adopt a monthly fixed charge for all residential customers. in july 2015, the cpuc adopted a decision that established comprehensive reform and a framework for rates that are more transparent, fair and sustainable. the decision directed changes beginning in the summer of 2015 and provides a path for continued reforms through 2020. the changes also included fewer rate tiers and a gradual reduction in the difference between the tiered rates, similar to the tier differential that existed prior to the 2000-2001 energy crisis. for sdg&e, the number of tiers was reduced from four to three in 2015 and was reduced to two on july 1, 2016. the rate differential between the highest and lowest tiers was reduced in 2016, with further reductions intended to reach a differential of 1.25 times as early as 2019. the decision also directs the utilities to pursue expanded tou rates and implemented a high usage surcharge in 2017 for usage that exceeds average customer usage by approximately 400 percent. the decision allows the utilities to seek a fixed charge for residential customers, but sets certain conditions for its implementation, which would be no sooner than 2020. in january 2017, the cpuc also approved a tou rulemaking that provides a framework and guiding principles for designing, implementing, and modifying the time periods in tou rates for residential customers. in december 2017, sdg&e filed an application with the cpuc requesting approval to implement residential default tou rates effective january 1, 2019, and a new residential fixed charge and a higher minimum bill effective january 1, 2020. these changes, if and when fully implemented, should result in significant rate relief for higher-use sdg&e customers who do not exceed the high usage surcharge threshold and should result in a rate structure that better aligns rates with the actual cost to serve customers.
in july 2014, the cpuc initiated a rulemaking proceeding to develop a successor tariff to the state's existing nem program pursuant to the provisions of ab 327. the nem program was originally established in 1995 and is an electric billing tariff mechanism designed to promote the installation of on-site renewable generation. under nem, qualifying customer-generators receive a full retail-rate for the energy they generate that is fed back to the utility's power grid. this occurs during times when the customer's generation exceeds its own energy usage. in addition, if a nem customer generates any electricity over the annual
116
measurement period that exceeds its annual consumption, the customer receives compensation at a rate equal to a wholesale energy price.
in january 2016, the cpuc adopted modest changes to the nem program to require nem customers to pay some costs that would otherwise be borne by non-nem customers and moves new nem customers to tou rates. together with a reduction in tiered rate differentials and the potential implementation of a fixed charge discussed above, the nem successor tariff begins a process of reducing the cost burden on non-nem customers. in 2016, sdg&e implemented the cpuc-adopted successor nem tariff, after reaching the 617-mw cap established for the prior nem program.
appropriate nem reform is necessary to help ensure that sdg&e is authorized to recover, from nem customers, the costs incurred in providing grid and energy services, as well as mandated legislative and regulatory public policy programs. sdg&e believes this design would be preferable to recovering these costs from customers not participating in nem. if nem self-generating installations were to increase substantially through 2019 when more significant reforms are to take effect, the rate structure adopted by the cpuc could have a material effect on sdg&e's business, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects. for additional discussion, see "item 1a. risk factors."
distributed energy storage - california assembly bill 2868
ab 2868, signed into law in september 2016, requires the cpuc to direct electrical corporations, including sdg&e, to file applications for programs and investments to accelerate the widespread deployment of distributed energy storage systems. ab 2868 sets a cap of 500 mw statewide, divided equally among the state's three largest electrical corporations (sdg&e's share being 166 mw); requires that no more than 25 percent of the capacity of distributed energy storage systems be on the customer side of the utility meter; and requires the cpuc to prioritize these programs and investments for the public sector and low-income customers.
potential impacts of community choice aggregation and direct access sdg&e provides electric services, including the commodity of electricity, to the majority of its customers ("bundled customers"). sdg&e enters into long-term contracts to procure electricity on behalf of these bundled customers. sdg&e's earnings are "decoupled" from electric sales volumes. one aspect of decoupling is that commodity costs for electricity are directly passed through to bundled customers (see discussion in "revenues - california utilities" in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements). sdg&e's bundled customers have the option to purchase the commodity of electricity from alternate suppliers under defined programs, including cca and da. in such cases, california law (sb 350) prohibits remaining bundled customers from experiencing any cost increase as a result of departing customers' choice to receive electric commodity from an alternate supplier. under the existing cost allocation mechanism approved by the cpuc, customers opting to have a cca procure their electricity must absorb a portion of above-market cost of electricity procurement commitments already made by sdg&e on their behalf. the existing cost allocation rate mechanisms may not be sufficient to ensure that remaining bundled customers do not experience any cost increase as a result of departing customers. sdg&e, pg&e and edison filed a joint application with the cpuc in april 2017 to replace the existing cost allocation mechanisms to help ensure compliance with state law intended to protect bundled customers. in june 2017, the cpuc initiated a rulemaking proceeding to address the existing cost allocation mechanism and dismissed the joint application without prejudice, directing that the proposal be addressed in the rulemaking proceeding. we expect a decision on a revised cost allocation mechanism in 2018, with implementation in 2019.
currently, da in sdg&e's service area is limited by state law and is approximately 17 percent of sdg&e's annual demand. there are no large cca providers in sdg&e's service area. however, several local political jurisdictions, including the city of san diego and a few other municipalities, are considering the formation of a cca which, if implemented, could result in the departure of more than half of sdg&e's bundled load. for example, solana beach (representing less than 1 percent of sdg&e's customer accounts) has elected to begin cca service in 2018. if an effective cost allocation mechanism is not in place at the time of potentially significant reductions in sdg&e's served load, remaining bundled customers of sdg&e could bear a disproportionate share of above-market costs of long-term electricity procurement contracts entered into before the load departed. thus, bundled customers could potentially experience large increases in rates for commodity costs under long-term commitments made on behalf of the cca customers prior to their departure. if legislative, regulatory or legal action were taken to prevent the timely recovery of these procurement costs, the unrecovered costs could have a material adverse effect on sdg&e's and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
renewable energy procurement sdg&e is subject to the rps program administered by both the cpuc and the cec, which requires each california utility to procure 50 percent of its annual electric energy requirements from renewable energy sources by 2030.
117
the rps program currently contains flexible compliance mechanisms that can be used to comply with or meet the rps program mandates. the mechanisms provide for a cpuc waiver under certain conditions, including: 1) a finding of inadequate transmission; 2) delays in the start-up of commercial operations of renewable energy projects due to permitting or interconnection; or 3) unexpected curtailment by an electric system balancing authority, such as the caiso.
sdg&e has procured renewable energy supplies from certain suppliers whose assets are not yet online. some of these assets remain contingent on electric transmission infrastructure, regulatory approval, project permitting and financing, and the implementation of new technologies.
sdg&e believes it will continue to comply with the rps program requirements based on its contracting activity and, if necessary, application of the flexible compliance mechanisms. sdg&e's failure to comply with the rps program requirements could subject it to cpuc-imposed penalties, which could materially adversely affect its business, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects. the cpuc has neither audited our rps program compliance nor provided us with clearance for any compliance periods.
clean energy and pollution reduction act - california senate bill 350
sb 350 creates new requirements in the areas of renewable energy procurement, energy efficiency, resource planning, and ev infrastructure. the measure requires all load serving entities, including sdg&e, to file integrated resource plans that will ultimately enable the electric sector to achieve reductions in ghg emissions of 40 percent compared to 1990 levels by 2030. sb 350 also clearly specifies that the utilities will file applications with the cpuc that highlight how they can help with the development and expansion of the electric charging infrastructure necessary to support the growth of the ev market expected due to the state's alternative fuel vehicle policy initiative. we expect to meet the higher rps and ghg emissions reductions requirements and are supportive of greater infrastructure development to promote ev charging.
songs sdg&e has a 20-percent ownership interest in songs, formerly a 2,150-mw nuclear generating facility near san clemente, california, that is in the process of being decommissioned by edison, the majority owner of songs. in note 13 of the notes to consolidated financial statements and in "item 1a. risk factors," we discuss regulatory and other matters related to songs, including:
▪   the revised settlement agreement, which is subject to cpuc approval, that provides a different cost allocation among ratepayers and shareholders associated with the premature shutdown of songs units 2 and 3 than the 2014 agreement;
▪   matters concerning the ability to timely withdraw funds from trust accounts for the payment of decommissioning costs; and
▪   the arbitration decision finding mhi liable for breach of contract in connection with the replacement steam generators at the songs nuclear power plant, subject to a contractual limitation of liability, and awarding mhi 95 percent of its arbitration costs as mhi was found to be the prevailing party.
wildfire claims cost recovery in september 2015, sdg&e filed an application with the cpuc requesting rate recovery of an estimated $379 million in costs related to the october 2007 wildfires that had been recorded as a wildfire regulatory asset, as we discuss in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. in response to our application seeking recovery, the cpuc issued a final decision on december 6, 2017, upholding the proposed decision denying sdg&e's request to recover the 2007 wildfire costs submitted in our application. accordingly, sdg&e wrote off the wildfire regulatory asset, resulting in a charge of $351 million ($208 million after-tax) in the third quarter of 2017, in write-off of wildfire regulatory asset on the consolidated statements of operations for sempra energy and sdg&e. sdg&e will continue to vigorously pursue recovery of these costs, which were incurred through settling claims brought under inverse condemnation principles, after the trial court denied sdg&e's motion to dismiss the plaintiffs' inverse condemnation claims and the appellate courts declined to review the trial court's ruling. sdg&e applied to the cpuc for rehearing of its decision on january 2, 2018. the cpuc may grant a rehearing, modify its decision, or deny the request and affirm its original decision. we will appeal the decision with the california courts of appeal seeking to reverse the cpuc's decision, if necessary.
with respect to the 2007 wildfires, based on the trial court's ruling that inverse condemnation claims would apply, we were subject to a strict liability standard. however, at this point, we have been denied recovery by the cpuc of our non-ferc related costs. insurance coverage for wildfires has significantly increased in cost and may become prohibitively expensive, may be disputed by the insurers, or may become unavailable, and any insurance proceeds we receive for wildfire events may be insufficient to cover our losses or liabilities due to the inability to procure a sufficient amount of insurance and/or the existence of limitations, exclusions, high deductibles, failure to comply with procedural requirements, and other factors, which could
118
materially adversely affect sdg&e's and sempra energy's business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects.
socalgas socalgas' operations have historically provided relatively stable earnings and liquidity. its performance will depend primarily on the ratemaking and regulatory process, environmental regulations, economic conditions, actions by the california legislature and the changing energy marketplace. socalgas' performance will also depend on the resolution of the legal, regulatory and other matters concerning the leak at the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility, which we discuss below, in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements and in "item 1a. risk factors."
in addition to general recurring improvements to its transmission and storage systems, over the next several years, socalgas expects to make significant capital expenditures for pipeline safety projects pursuant to the psep. we discuss these capital projects in "california utilities - joint matters" below.
aliso canyon natural gas storage facility gas leak in october 2015, socalgas discovered a leak at one of its injection-and-withdrawal wells, ss25, at its aliso canyon natural gas storage facility (the leak) located in los angeles county, which socalgas has operated as a natural gas storage facility since 1972. socalgas worked closely with several of the world's leading experts to stop the leak. in february 2016, doggr confirmed that the well was permanently sealed.
local community mitigation efforts pursuant to a stipulation and order by the la superior court, socalgas provided temporary relocation support to residents in the nearby community who requested it before the well was permanently sealed. following the permanent sealing of the well, the dph conducted testing in certain homes in the porter ranch community, and concluded that indoor conditions did not present a long-term health risk and that it was safe for residents to return home. in may 2016, the la superior court ordered socalgas to offer to clean residents' homes at socalgas' expense as a condition to ending the relocation program. socalgas completed the residential cleaning program and the relocation program ended in july 2016.
in may 2016, the dph also issued a directive that socalgas additionally professionally clean (in accordance with the proposed protocol prepared by the dph) the homes of all residents located within the porter ranch neighborhood council boundary, or who participated in the relocation program, or who are located within a five-mile radius of the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility and experienced symptoms from the leak (the directive). socalgas disputes the directive, contending that it is invalid and unenforceable, and has filed a petition for writ of mandate to set aside the directive.
the costs incurred to remediate and stop the leak and to mitigate local community impacts have been significant and may increase, and we may be subject to potentially significant damages, restitution, and civil, administrative and criminal fines, penalties and other costs. to the extent any of these costs are not covered by insurance (including any costs in excess of applicable policy limits), or if there were to be significant delays in receiving insurance recoveries, such costs could have a material adverse effect on socalgas' and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
insurance excluding directors' and officers' liability insurance, we have four kinds of insurance policies that together provide between $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion in insurance coverage, depending on the nature of the claims. these policies are subject to various policy limits, exclusions and conditions. we have been communicating with our insurance carriers and intend to pursue the full extent of our insurance coverage. through december 31, 2017, we have received $469 million of insurance proceeds for portions of control-of-well expenses, lost gas and temporary relocation costs. there can be no assurance that we will be successful in obtaining additional insurance recovery for costs related to the leak under the applicable policies, and to the extent we are not successful in obtaining coverage or these costs exceed the amount of our coverage, such costs could have a material adverse effect on socalgas' and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
at december 31, 2017, socalgas estimates that its costs related to the leak are $913 million, which includes $887 million of costs recovered or probable of recovery from insurance. this estimate may rise significantly as more information becomes available. in addition, costs not included in the cost estimate of $913 million could be material. the actions against us seek compensatory and punitive damages, restitution, and civil, administrative and criminal fines, penalties and other costs, which except for the amounts paid or estimated to settle certain actions, are not included in the $913 million cost estimate as it is not
119
possible at this time to predict the outcome of these actions or reasonably estimate the amount of damages, restitution or civil, administrative or criminal fines, penalties or other costs. the recorded amounts above also do not include costs to clean additional homes pursuant to the directive, future legal costs to defend litigation, and other potential costs that we currently do not anticipate incurring or that we cannot reasonably estimate. furthermore, our cost estimate of $913 million does not include certain other costs expensed by sempra energy through december 31, 2017 associated with defending shareholder derivative lawsuits (for which we would seek recovery under our directors' and officers' liability insurance policies). to the extent not covered by insurance (including any costs in excess of applicable policy limits), or if there were to be significant delays in receiving insurance recoveries, such costs could have a material adverse effect on socalgas' and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, we provide further detail regarding costs related to the leak.
litigation in connection with the leak, as of february 22, 2018, 373 lawsuits, including over 45,000 plaintiffs, are pending against socalgas, some of which have also named sempra energy. derivative and securities claims have also been filed on behalf of sempra energy and/or socalgas or their shareholders against certain officers and directors of sempra energy and/or socalgas. in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, we provide further detail on these cases, as well as on complaints filed by the california attorney general, acting in an independent capacity and on behalf of the people of the state of california and the carb, together with the los angeles city attorney; and a complaint filed by the county of los angeles, on behalf of itself and the people of the state of california; and on a misdemeanor criminal complaint filed by the los angeles county district attorney's office. additional litigation may be filed against us in the future related to the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility incident or our responses thereto.
the costs of defending against these civil and criminal lawsuits, cooperating with these investigations, and any damages, restitution, and civil, administrative and criminal fines, penalties and other costs, if awarded or imposed, as well as the costs of mitigating the actual natural gas released, could be significant and to the extent not covered by insurance (including any costs in excess of applicable policy limits), or if there were to be significant delays in receiving insurance recoveries, such costs could have a material adverse effect on socalgas' and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
governmental investigations various governmental agencies have investigated or are investigating this incident.
▪   in january 2016, the governor of the state of california issued an order (the governor's order) proclaiming a state of emergency in los angeles county due to the leak. the governor's order imposes various orders with respect to: stopping the leak; protecting public health and safety; ensuring accountability; and strengthening oversight. we provide further detail regarding the governor's order and the carb's aliso canyon methane leak climate impacts mitigation program, issued pursuant to the governor's order, in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
▪   in january 2016, doggr and the cpuc selected blade energy partners to conduct an independent analysis under their direction and supervision to be funded by socalgas to investigate the technical root cause of the leak. the timing of the root cause analysis is under the control of blade energy partners, doggr and the cpuc.
▪   in february 2017, the cpuc opened a proceeding pursuant to sb 380 to determine the feasibility of minimizing or eliminating use of the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility, while still maintaining energy and electric reliability for the region, as we discuss below in "regulatory proceedings" and "sb 380."
regulatory proceedings in february 2017, the cpuc opened a proceeding pursuant to sb 380 to determine the feasibility of minimizing or eliminating the use of the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility while still maintaining energy and electric reliability for the region. the cpuc indicated it intends to conduct the proceeding in two phases, with phase 1 undertaking a comprehensive effort to develop the appropriate analyses and scenarios to evaluate the impact of reducing or eliminating the use of the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility and phase 2 evaluating the impacts of reducing or eliminating the use of the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility using the scenarios and models adopted in phase 1. in accordance with the phase 1 schedule, public participation hearings began in april 2017, and workshops and additional public participation hearings are expected to occur.
section 455.5 of the california public utilities code, among other things, directs regulated utilities to notify the cpuc if all or any portion of a major facility has been out of service for nine consecutive months. although socalgas does not believe the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility or any portion of the facility was out of service for nine consecutive months, socalgas provided notification out of an abundance of caution to demonstrate its commitment to regulatory compliance and transparency, and because obtaining authorization to resume injection operations at the facility required more time than initially contemplated. in response, and as required by section 455.5, the cpuc issued an oii to address whether the aliso canyon natural gas storage
120
facility or any portion of the facility was out of service for nine consecutive months within the meaning of section 455.5, and if so, whether the cpuc should disallow the costs for such period from socalgas' rates. under section 455.5, hearings on the investigation are to be held, if necessary, in conjunction with socalgas' 2019 grc proceeding. if the cpuc determines that all or any portion of the facility was out of service for nine consecutive months, the amount of any refund to ratepayers and the inability to earn a return on those assets could have a material adverse effect on socalgas' and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
in march 2016, the cpuc ordered socalgas to establish a memorandum account to prospectively track its authorized revenue requirement and all revenues that it receives for its normal, business-as-usual costs to own and operate the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility and, in september 2016, approved socalgas' request to begin tracking these revenues as of march 17, 2016. the cpuc will determine later whether, and to what extent, the authorized revenues tracked in the memorandum account may be refunded to ratepayers.
natural gas storage operations and reliability natural gas withdrawn from storage is important for service reliability during peak demand periods, including peak electric generation needs in the summer and heating needs in the winter. the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility, with a storage capacity of 86 bcf (which represents 63 percent of socalgas' natural gas storage inventory capacity), is the largest socalgas storage facility and an important element of socalgas' delivery system. beginning october 25, 2015, pursuant to orders by doggr and the governor of the state of california, and in accordance with sb 380, socalgas suspended injection of natural gas into the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility. in april and june of 2017, socalgas advised the caiso, cec, cpuc and phmsa of its concerns that the inability to inject natural gas into the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility posed a risk to energy reliability in southern california. limited withdrawals of natural gas from the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility were made in 2017 to augment natural gas supplies during critical demand periods.
on july 19, 2017, doggr issued its order to: test and take temporary actions upon resuming injection: aliso canyon gas storage facility, lifting the prohibition on injection at the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility, subject to certain requirements after injection resumed, including limitations on the rate at which socalgas may withdraw natural gas from the field. the cpuc additionally issued a directive to socalgas to maintain a range of working gas in the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility at a target of 23.6 bcf (approximately 28 percent of its maximum capacity), and at all times above 14.8 bcf, later amended to require the range be maintained from zero bcf to 24.6 bcf of working gas. in july 2017, the county of los angeles sought a temporary restraining order to block doggr's order; the superior court ruled that it lacks jurisdiction to rule on the county's application. we provide further detail regarding doggr's order and the county of los angeles' petition in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. having completed the steps outlined by state agencies to safely begin injections at the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility, as of july 31, 2017, socalgas resumed limited injections.
if the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility were determined to have been out of service for any meaningful period of time or permanently closed, or if future cash flows were otherwise insufficient to recover its carrying value, it could result in an impairment of the facility and significantly higher than expected operating costs and/or additional capital expenditures, and natural gas reliability and electric generation could be jeopardized. at december 31, 2017, the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility has a net book value of $644 million, including $252 million of construction work in progress for the project to construct a new compressor station. any significant impairment of this asset could have a material adverse effect on socalgas' and sempra energy's results of operations for the period in which it is recorded. higher operating costs and additional capital expenditures incurred by socalgas may not be recoverable in customer rates, and could have a material adverse effect on socalgas' and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
increased regulation phmsa, doggr, scaqmd, epa and carb each commenced separate rulemaking proceedings to adopt further regulations covering natural gas storage facilities and injection wells. doggr issued new draft regulations for all storage fields in california, and in 2016, the california legislature enacted four separate bills providing for additional regulation of natural gas storage facilities. additional hearings in the california legislature, as well as with various other federal and state regulatory agencies, may be scheduled, and additional laws, orders, rules and regulations may be adopted. the los angeles county board of supervisors has formed a task force to review and potentially implement new, more stringent land use (zoning) requirements and associated regulations and enforcement protocols for oil and gas activities, including natural gas storage field operations, which could materially affect new or modified uses of the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility and other natural gas storage fields located in los angeles county.
121
pipes act of 2016
in june 2016, the "protecting our infrastructure of pipelines and enhancing safety act of 2016" or the "pipes act of 2016" was enacted. among other things, the pipes act of 2016:
▪   requires phmsa to issue, within two years of passage, "minimum safety standards for underground natural gas storage facilities;"
▪   imposes a "user fee" on underground storage facilities as needed to implement the safety standards;
▪   grants phmsa authority to issue emergency orders and impose emergency restrictions, prohibitions and safety measures on owners and operators of gas or hazardous liquid pipeline facilities without prior notice or an opportunity for hearing, if the u.s. secretary of energy determines that an unsafe condition or practice, or a combination of unsafe conditions and practices, constitutes or is causing an imminent hazard; and
▪   directs the u.s. secretary of energy to establish an interagency task force comprised of representatives from various federal agencies and representatives of state and local governments.
in december 2016, phmsa published an interim final rule pursuant to the pipes act of 2016 that revises the federal pipeline safety regulations relating to underground natural gas storage facilities. the interim final rule incorporates consensus safety measures for the construction, maintenance, risk-management, and integrity-management procedures for natural gas storage. socalgas began the process of implementing such safety measures prior to formal adoption by phmsa and is developing the associated documents and procedures required to demonstrate compliance with the standards.
sb 380
in may 2016, sb 380 became law and required, as conditions for the resumption of natural gas injections into the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility, a comprehensive review of the safety of the gas storage wells at the facility, and reconfiguration of all gas storage wells returning to service such that natural gas flows only through the interior metal tubing and not through the annulus between the tubing and the well casing. both conditions were completed in july 2017. sb 380 further requires a cpuc proceeding (which was opened in february 2017) to determine the feasibility of minimizing or eliminating the use of the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility, while still maintaining energy and electric reliability for the region, and the cpuc to consult with various governmental agencies and other entities in making its determination. the order establishing the scope of the proceeding expressly excludes issues with respect to air quality, public health, causation, culpability or cost responsibility regarding the leak.
in july 2017, doggr issued an order lifting the prohibition of the injection of natural gas into the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility and the cpuc's executive director issued his concurrence with that determination, subject to certain conditions. the county of los angeles filed a petition for writ of mandate against doggr and its state oil and gas supervisor and the cpuc and its executive director, as to which socalgas is the real party in interest, alleging that doggr failed to properly conduct the comprehensive safety review required by sb 380 and failed to perform an eir pursuant to ceqa. the petition seeks a writ of mandate requiring doggr and the state oil and gas supervisor to comply with sb 380 and ceqa, as well as declaratory and injunctive relief against any authorization to inject natural gas.
socalgas completed the steps outlined by state agencies to safely begin injections at the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility and, as of july 31, 2017, resumed limited injections. we provide further detail regarding doggr's order and the petition filed by the county of los angeles above under the heading "natural gas storage operations and reliability" and in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
sb 888
in september 2016, sb 888 became law, which requires that a penalty assessed against a gas corporation by the cpuc with regard to a natural gas storage facility leak must at least equal the amount necessary to fully offset the impact on the climate from the ghgs emitted by the leak, as determined by the carb. the cpuc also must consider the extent to which the gas corporation has mitigated or is in the process of mitigating the impact on the climate from ghg emissions resulting from the leak.
additional safety enhancements in february 2017, socalgas notified the cpuc that it is accelerating its well integrity assessments on the natural gas storage wells at its la goleta, honor rancho and playa del rey natural gas storage fields consistent with the testing prescribed by sb 380 for the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility, proposed new doggr regulations, and socalgas' storage risk management plan. in addition, socalgas indicated its plan to reconfigure its operating natural gas storage wells such that natural gas will be injected or produced only through the interior metal tubing and not through the annulus between the tubing and the well casing to maintain a double barrier and additional layer of safety, which is consistent with the direction of federal and state regulations. socalgas anticipates that this work will reduce the injection and withdrawal capacity of each of these other storage fields.
122
depending on the volume of natural gas in storage in each field at the time natural gas is injected or withdrawn, the reduction could be significant and could impact natural gas reliability and electric generation. in march 2017, socalgas revised its plan, as directed by the cpuc, for converting all wells to tubing-only operation to maintain a prescribed withdrawal capacity through the summer. on december 1, 2017, socalgas sent a letter to the cpuc and doggr informing them that it is proceeding with its planned acceleration of well integrity assessments on the natural gas storage wells at its la goleta, honor rancho and playa del rey natural gas storage fields. as such, socalgas now only operates storage wells in the tubing-only operational configuration at all of its storage fields.
higher operating costs and additional capital expenditures incurred by socalgas as a result of new laws, orders, rules and regulations arising out of the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility incident or our responses thereto could be significant and may not be recoverable in customer rates, and socalgas' and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected by any such new laws, orders, rules and regulations.
socalgas billing practices in may 2017, the cpuc issued an oii to determine whether socalgas violated any provisions of the california public utilities code, general orders, cpuc decisions, or other requirements pertaining to billing practices from 2014 through 2016. in particular, the cpuc is examining the timeliness of monthly bills, extending the billing period for customers, and issuing estimated bills. under the oii, the cpuc will also examine socalgas' gas tariff rules and consider whether to impose penalties or other remedies. we expect a decision on the oii in 2018.
california utilities - joint matters we refer to sdg&e and socalgas collectively as the california utilities, which do not include the utilities in our other segments.
capital project updates we summarize below information regarding certain joint capital projects of the california utilities.
joint capital projects - california utilities project description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    estimated capital cost(in millions)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               status pipeline safety &amp; reliability project
§                      september 2015 application and march 2016 amended application seeking authority to recover the estimated $633 million cost of the project, involving construction of an approximately 47-mile, 36-inch natural gas transmission pipeline in san diego county.             $633                                                                                                                                                       §                                                                                                                            procedural schedule set for two phases to address (1) long-term need and planning assumptions, and (2) costs, alternatives and environmental impacts. we expect a phase 1 draft decision in the first half of 2018, a draft eir by august 2018, and phase 2 to follow the draft eir.
§                      would implement pipeline safety requirements and modernize system; improve system reliability and resiliency by minimizing dependence on a single pipeline; and enhance operational flexibility to manage stress conditions by increasing system capacity.
pipeline safety enhancement plan
§                      march 2017 application filed with the cpuc to recover forecasted costs associated with twelve phase 1b and phase 2a pipeline safety projects.                                                                                                                             $198                                                                                                                                                       §                                                                                                                            application pending; draft decision expected in second half of 2018.
§                      estimated implementation cost of $57 million of o&amp;m at socalgas.
mobile home park utility upgrade program
§                      may 2017 application filed with the cpuc to convert an additional 20 percent of eligible units to direct utility service, for a total of 30 percent of mobile homes.                                                                                                      $471                                                                                                                                                       §                                                                                                                            application pending to                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            §         september 2017 resolution approved extension of pilot program through the earlier of 2019 or the issuance of a cpuc decision on pending applications, while also allowing an increase from 10 percent to 15 percent of mobile homes to be converted.
$508
§                      estimated implementation cost of $2 million of o&amp;m at sdg&amp;e and $3 million to $4 million of o&amp;m at socalgas.
123
cpuc general rate case the cpuc uses a grc proceeding to set sufficient rates to allow the california utilities to recover their reasonable cost of o&m and to provide the opportunity to realize their authorized rates of return on their investment.
2019 general rate case on october 6, 2017, sdg&e and socalgas filed their 2019 grc applications requesting cpuc approval of test year revenue requirements for 2019 and attrition year adjustments for 2020 through 2022. as part of the 2019 grc, the cpuc will review the california utilities' interim accountability reports which compare the authorized and actual spending for certain safety-related activities for 2014 through 2016. in june 2017, sdg&e and socalgas filed their first interim accountability reports comparing authorized and actual spending in 2014 and 2015 for certain safety-related activities. similar data for 2016 was provided with the 2019 grc filings in a second interim accountability report. the stated purpose of the interim accountability reports is to provide data and metrics for key safety and risk mitigation areas that will be considered in the 2019 grc. the results of the rate case may materially and adversely differ from what is contained in the grc applications.
2016 general rate case in june 2016, the cpuc approved a 2016 grc fd in the california utilities' 2016 grc, which was effective retroactive to january 1, 2016 and established their authorized 2016 revenue requirements and the ratemaking mechanisms by which those requirements would change on an annual basis over the applicable three-year (2016-2018) period. the adopted revenue requirements associated with the seven-month period through july 2016 were recovered in rates over a 17-month period, beginning in august 2016.
the 2016 grc fd also resulted in certain accounting and financial impacts associated with bonus depreciation, flow-through income tax repairs deductions related to prior years, and the treatment of differences between income tax incurred and income tax forecasted in the grc for 2016 through 2018.
we discuss the 2019 and 2016 grcs in note 14 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
cost of capital update in july 2017, the cpuc issued a final decision that provides a two-year extension for each of the utilities to file its next respective cost of capital application, extending the filing date to april 2019 for a 2020 test year. the final decision also reduced the roe for sdg&e from 10.30 percent to 10.20 percent and for socalgas from 10.10 percent to 10.05 percent, for the period from january 1, 2018 through december 31, 2019. sdg&e's and socalgas' ratemaking capital structures will remain at current levels until modified, if at all, by a future cost of capital decision by the cpuc. in september 2017, sdg&e and socalgas filed advice letters to update their cost of capital for the actual cost of long-term debt through august 2017 and forecasted cost through 2018. sdg&e and socalgas did not file for changes to preferred stock costs, because no issuances of preferred stock through 2018 are anticipated.
in october 2017, the cpuc approved the embedded cost of debt presented in the filed advice letters, resulting in a revised return on rate base for sdg&e from 7.79 percent to 7.55 percent and for socalgas from 8.02 percent to 7.34 percent, effective january 1, 2018. the automatic ccm will be in effect to adjust 2019 cost of capital, if necessary. unless changed by the operation of the ccm, the updated costs of long-term debt and the new roes will remain in effect through december 31, 2019. the cost of capital changes will also apply to capital expenditures in 2018 and 2019 for incremental projects not funded through the grc revenue requirement. we provide further detail regarding cost of capital in note 14 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
incentive mechanisms we describe cpuc incentive mechanisms in "item 1. business - ratemaking mechanisms - incentive mechanisms." incentive awards are included in revenues when we receive required cpuc approval of the award, the timing of which may not be consistent from year to year. we would record penalties for results below the specified benchmarks against revenues when we believe it is probable that the cpuc would assess a penalty.
124
energy efficiency the cpuc has established incentive mechanisms that are based on the effectiveness of energy efficiency programs.
energy efficiency awards recorded in revenues
(dollars in millions)
sdg&amp;e                                                   socalgas award period (program years)                     2017(1)        2016                2015                     2017(1)                 2016            2015
for second half of 2015 and first half of 2016   $3                  $-                  $-                  $1                 $-                 $-
for second half of 2014 and first half of 2015   -              4                        -                   -                      4               -
for second half of 2013 and first half of 2014   -                   -              7                        -                  -                   4
(1)   2017 awards reflect settlement reductions as approved by the cpuc, as discussed below.
in march 2017, the cpuc approved the settlement agreements reached with the ora and turn regarding the incentive awards for program years 2006 through 2008, wherein the parties agreed that sdg&e and socalgas would offset up to a total of approximately $4 million each against future incentive awards over a three-year period beginning in 2017. if the total incentive awards ultimately authorized for 2017 through 2019 are less than approximately $4 million for either utility, the applicable utility is released from paying any remaining unapplied amount.
natural gas procurement the california utilities procure natural gas on behalf of their core natural gas customers. the cpuc has established incentive mechanisms to allow the california utilities the opportunity to share in the savings and/or costs from buying natural gas for their core customers at prices below or above monthly market-based benchmarks. socalgas procures natural gas for sdg&e's core natural gas customers' requirements. socalgas' gcim is applied on the combined portfolio basis.
gcim awards recorded in revenues
(dollars in millions)
socalgas award period (program years)       2017        2016                     2015
april 2015 - march 2016            $5              $-                 $-
april 2014 - march 2015            -               -                   7
april 2013 - march 2014            -               -                  14
in january 2018, the cpuc approved socalgas' application for a gcim award of $4 million for natural gas procured for its core customers during the 12-month period ended march 31, 2017.
operational incentives the cpuc may establish operational incentives and associated performance benchmarks as part of a grc or cost of service proceeding. in the 2016 grc fd, the cpuc did not establish any operational incentives for socalgas, but established an electric reliability incentive for sdg&e. outcomes could vary from a maximum annual penalty of $8 million to a maximum annual award of $8 million.
natural gas pipeline operations safety assessments in 2011, the california utilities filed implementation plans with the cpuc to implement the cpuc's directives to test or replace natural gas transmission pipelines that do not have sufficient documentation of a pressure test and to address retrofitting pipelines to allow for in-line inspection tools and, where appropriate, automated or remote controlled shut-off valves (referred to as psep). in 2014, the cpuc issued a final decision approving the utilities' analytical approach to implementing psep, as embodied in an approved decision tree, but did not pre-approve recovery of the costs of implementing psep, because initial cost estimates were too preliminary to form the basis for ratemaking. instead, the cpuc established a process to review the reasonableness of incurred psep costs after-the-fact to determine the amounts that may be recovered from ratepayers. as portions of psep have been completed, actual costs have generally been higher than the preliminary estimates, partially offset by changes in scope that have reduced costs. implementation costs incurred through 2017 are summarized in the table below. over time, as we have completed an increasing number of projects, socalgas and sdg&e achieve greater cost estimate accuracy, as well as efficiencies in executing the project work. cost estimates for work performed in 2017 and forward reflect the development of more detailed estimates, actual cost experience as portions of the work are completed and additional refinement in scope. in addition,
125
implementation of new regulatory requirements or clarification of existing regulatory requirements in the future could materially impact the cost forecasts.
in 2016, the cpuc issued a final decision authorizing socalgas and sdg&e to recover in rates 50 percent of the balances recorded in psep regulatory accounts as of january 1 each year, subject to refund, pending reasonableness review. the decision also incorporates a forward-looking schedule to file reasonableness review applications in 2016 and 2018, file a forecast application for pre-approval of project costs incurred in 2017 and 2018, and to include psep costs not the subject of prior applications in future grcs. we expect this transition from an after-the-fact reasonableness review framework to pre-approval of psep implementation costs based on cost forecasts to improve the certainty of recovery for psep implementation costs.
in september 2016, socalgas and sdg&e filed a joint application with the cpuc for review of psep project costs completed through june 30, 2015. the total costs submitted for review are approximately $195 million ($180 million for socalgas and $15 million for sdg&e). socalgas and sdg&e expect a decision from the cpuc in 2018. although consumer advocacy groups oppose recovery of a portion of the costs submitted for review, we believe these costs were prudently incurred in accordance with cpuc regulatory requirements and should be substantially approved for recovery.
in march 2017, socalgas and sdg&e filed an application with the cpuc requesting pre-approval of the forecasted revenue requirement associated with twelve psep projects, to be effective in rates on january 1, 2019. the california utilities expect to incur total costs for the twelve projects of approximately $255 million ($198 million in capital expenditures and $57 million in o&m). socalgas and sdg&e expect a cpuc decision in the second half of 2018.
as shown in the table below, socalgas and sdg&e have made significant pipeline safety investments under the psep program, and socalgas expects to continue making significant investments as approved through various regulatory proceedings. sdg&e's psep program was substantially completed in 2017, with the exception of the pipeline safety & reliability project that is currently under regulatory review.
pipeline safety enhancement plan - reasonableness review summary
(dollars in millions)
2011 through 2017
total invested(1)                 cpuc review completed(2)                cpuc review pending(3)            2018 and future applications(4)(5)
sempra energy consolidated:
capital                              $1,490                                    $8                                   $144                                    $1,338
operation and maintenance               176                                    25                                     63                                        88
total                                $1,666                                   $33                                   $207                                    $1,426
socalgas:
capital                              $1,144                                    $8                                   $130                                    $1,006
operation and maintenance               167                                    25                                     62                                        80
total                                $1,311                                   $33                                   $192                                    $1,086
sdg&amp;e:
capital                                $346                                    $-                                    $14                                      $332
operation and maintenance                 9                                     -                                      1                                         8
total                                  $355                                    $-                                    $15                                      $340
(1)   excludes disallowed costs through december 31, 2017 of $7 million at socalgas and $4 million at sdg&amp;e for pressure testing or replacing pipelines installed between january 1, 1956 and july 1, 1961.
(2)   approved in december 2016; excludes $2 million of psep-specific insurance costs for which socalgas and sdg&amp;e are authorized to request recovery in a future filing.
(3)   reasonableness review application for completed projects totaling $195 million filed in september 2016. also includes approximately $11 million of pre-engineering costs incurred to support projects under development and submitted as part of the forecast application filed in march 2017. both decisions are expected in 2018.
(4)   authorized to recover in rates 50 percent of the balances recorded in the psep balancing accounts, subject to refund.
(5)   reasonableness review application to be filed in late 2018 and expected to include the majority of these costs. remaining costs not the subject of prior applications are to be included for review in subsequent grcs.
126
regulatory compliance and safety enforcement the california utilities are subject to various state and federal regulatory compliance requirements. at the state level, the cpuc has instituted gas and electric safety compliance programs that delegate citation authority to cpuc staff personnel under the direction of the cpuc executive director. in exercising the citation authority, the cpuc staff will take into account voluntary reporting of potential violations, voluntary resolution efforts undertaken, prior history of violations, the gravity of the violation and the degree of culpability. under each enforcement program, each day of an ongoing violation may be counted as an additional offense. the maximum penalty is $50,000 per offense, with an administrative limit of $8 million per citation.
in october 2016, the cpuc's cped issued a citation to socalgas for alleged violations of certain environmental mitigation measures related to the aliso canyon turbine replacement project, and imposed a fine in the amount of $699,500. socalgas subsequently appealed the citation and the resulting fine. in march 2017, socalgas and the cped filed a joint settlement agreement with the cpuc to resolve all matters related to the october 2016 citation. as a part of the settlement agreement, socalgas agreed to pay $250,000 to the state's general fund and to retain an independent firm to conduct compliance training seminars for the benefit of socalgas and cpuc personnel at a cost not to exceed $25,000. the parties agreed that the settlement agreement did not constitute an admission by socalgas or denial by cped with respect to any issue of fact or law, or of any violation or liability by any party. in may 2017, the cpuc issued a decision approving the settlement as filed.
sempra south american utilities our utilities in south america have historically provided relatively stable earnings and liquidity, and their future performance will depend primarily on the ratemaking and regulatory process, environmental regulations, foreign currency rate fluctuations and economic conditions. they are also expected to provide earnings from construction projects when completed and from other investments, but will require substantial funding for these investments.
capital project updates we summarize below the completion of a transmission line project in 2017 at a sempra south american utilities joint venture.
capital project completed in 2017 - sempra south american utilities project description chilquinta energía - eletrans s.a.
■                   second of two, 220-kv transmission lines awarded in may 2012.                                                                          ■          completed in september 2017.
■                   46-mile transmission line extending from ciruelos to pichirropulli.
■                   earns a return in u.s. dollars, indexed to the cpi, for 20 years and a regulated return thereafter.
■                   50-percent equity interest in joint venture.
we summarize below information regarding major projects in process at sempra south american utilities. chilquinta energía's projects will be financed by the joint venture partners during construction, and other financing may be pursued upon project completion. luz del sur intends to finance its projects through its existing debt program in peru's capital markets.
127
capital projects under construction at december 31, 2017 - sempra south american utilities project description                                                                                                                                 our share ofestimated capital cost(in millions)                         status chilquinta energía - eletrans ii s.a.
§                     two 220-kv transmission lines awarded in june 2013.                                                                                       $42                                             §           estimated completion: 2019
§                     transmission lines to extend approximately 78 miles in total.
§                     once in operation, will earn a return in u.s. dollars, indexed to the cpi, for 20 years and a regulated return thereafter.
§                     50-percent equity interest in joint venture.
chilquinta energía - eletrans iii s.a.
§                     220-kv transmission line awarded in june 2017.                                                                                            $50                                             §           estimated completion: 2021
§                     transmission line in the northern region of chile to extend approximately 133 miles.
§                     once in operation, will earn a return in u.s. dollars, indexed to the cpi, for 20 years and a regulated return thereafter.
§                     50-percent equity interest in joint venture.
luz del sur - lima substations and transmission lines (second investment)
§                     amended transmission investment plan includes development and operation of five substations and related transmission lines.               $130                                            §           estimated completion: 2018 through 2020 as portions are completed
§                     once in operation, the capitalized cost of the projects will earn a regulated return for 30 years.                                                                                        §           completed two substations and related transmission lines in 2017.
regulated rates the cne in chile and the osinergmin in peru set rates for our electric distribution utilities in south america, chilquinta energía and luz del sur, respectively.
for chilquinta energía, distribution and transmission rates for four-year periods are reviewed separately, on an alternating basis, every two years. the most recent review process for distribution rates was completed in november 2016 and received final approval in august 2017. the authorized distribution rates are retroactive from november 2016 and will remain in effect through october 2020, which we do not expect to have a material impact on our results. chilquinta energía's most recent review process for transmission rates was completed in september 2017, and final approval is expected in the first quarter of 2018. upon approval, the transmission rates will cover the period from january 2018 through december 2019, which we do not expect to have a material impact on our results.
the components of tariffs for luz del sur are reviewed and adjusted every four years. the final distribution rate-setting resolution for the 2013-2017 period was published in october 2013 and went into effect on november 1, 2013. in december 2016, osinergmin issued a decree extending existing rates for luz del sur until november 2018. the next rate review is scheduled to be completed in 2018, covering the period from november 2018 to october 2022.
we discuss the impact of tax reform in peru in "results of operations - changes in revenues, costs and earnings - income taxes."
luz del sur - potential impact from tolling customers luz del sur is an electric distribution utility that provides electric services, including the supply of electricity, to regulated and non-regulated customers. non-regulated customers consist of free and tolling customers. luz del sur supplies electricity to its customers from power purchased from generators under long-term, take-or-pay ppas. a free customer has the option of purchasing electricity directly from luz del sur, while paying fees to luz del sur for generation, transmission (primary and secondary) and distribution services, or choosing to become a tolling customer. a tolling customer purchases electricity from alternative suppliers and pays only a tolling fee to luz del sur for secondary transmission and distribution. to the extent customers choose to become tolling customers, luz del sur may be exposed to stranded costs related to capacity charges under its long-term, take-or-pay ppas. we discuss luz del sur's customers and demand in "item 1. business."
128
sempra mexico capital projects updates the table below summarizes certain projects that were completed in 2017 at sempra mexico.
capital projects completed 2017 - sempra mexico project description sonora pipeline
§           500-mile pipeline network comprised of two segments that interconnect to the u.s. interstate pipeline system.                                                                                                                                                                                              §                                                                                          first segment completed in stages from fourth quarter of 2014 through august 2015.
§           pipeline to transport natural gas from the u.s.-mexico border south of tucson, arizona through the mexican state of sonora to the northern part of the mexican state of sinaloa along the gulf of california.                                                                                              §                                                                                          second segment completed in may 2017.
§                                                                                                                                                                                                               operations have been interrupted at the second segment of the pipeline, known as the guaymas-el oro segment, since august 23, 2017. ienova has declared a force majeure event.(1)
§           capacity is fully contracted by the cfe under two 25-year contracts denominated in u.s. dollars.
ojinaga pipeline
§           137-mile pipeline extending from ojinaga to el encino.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     §                                                                                          pipeline completed in june 2017.
§           natural gas transportation services agreement with the cfe for a 25-year term, denominated in u.s. dollars, for 100 percent of the transport capacity, equal to 1.4 bcf per day.
san isidro pipeline
§           14-mile pipeline, a 46,000-horsepower compressor station and a distribution head, serving as an interconnection point to other pipeline systems located in chihuahua.                                                                                                                                      §                                                                                          pipeline completed in march 2017.
§                                                                                          compressor station completed in june 2017.
§           natural gas transportation services agreement with the cfe for a 25-year term, denominated in u.s. dollars, for 100 percent of the transport capacity, equal to 1.1 bcf per day.
(1)   see discussion in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
129
we summarize major projects in process at sempra mexico below.
capital projects at december 31, 2017 - sempra mexico project description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  our share ofestimated capital cost(in millions)                     status sur de texas-tuxpan marine pipeline
§                                   img was awarded the right to build, own and operate the natural gas marine pipeline in june 2016 by the cfe.                                                                                                                                                                                                                  $840                           §       estimated completion: second half of 2018
§                                   sempra mexico has a 40-percent interest in img, a joint venture with transcanada, which owns the remaining 60-percent interest.
§                                   natural gas transportation services agreement for a 25-year term, denominated in u.s. dollars.
la rumorosa solar complex
§                                   awarded 41-mw photovoltaic solar energy project located in baja california, mexico, in an auction conducted by mexico's national center of electricity control (centro nacional de control de energía) in september 2016.                                                                                                      $50                           §       estimated completion: first half of 2019
§                                   contracted by the cfe under a 15-year renewable energy agreement and a 20-year clean energy certificate agreement, denominated in u.s. dollars.
tepezalá ii solar complex
§                                   awarded 100-mw photovoltaic solar energy project located in aguascalientes, mexico, in an auction conducted by mexico's national center of electricity control in september 2016.                                                                                                                                              $90                           §       estimated completion: first half of 2019
§                                   contracted by the cfe under 15-year renewable energy and capacity agreements and a 20-year clean energy certificate agreement, denominated in u.s. dollars.
§                                   developing and constructing in collaboration with trina solar, which owns a 10-percent interest in the project. ienova has the option to purchase, and trina solar has the option to sell, trina solar's ownership interest at the end of the construction period, before operations commence.
pima solar
§                                   awarded 110-mw photovoltaic project located in sonora, mexico in march 2017.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  $115                           §       estimated completion: fourth quarter of 2018
§                                   entered into a 20-year, u.s. dollar-denominated ppa in march 2017 to provide renewable energy, clean energy certificates and capacity.
liquid fuels terminals at port of veracruz, puebla and mexico city
§                                   awarded a 20-year concession in july 2017 to build and operate a marine terminal in the port of veracruz in mexico for the receipt, storage and delivery of liquid fuels.                                                                                                                                                     $155                           §       includes marine concession fees totaling $55 million for concession rights: half paid in august 2017 and half paid in january 2018.
§                                   capacity of 1.4 million barrels of gasoline, diesel and jet fuel to supply the central region of mexico.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     §       expected completion of marine terminal: end of 2018
§                                   ienova will also build and operate two storage terminals located near puebla and mexico city with storage capacities of 500,000 and 800,000 barrels, respectively.                                                                                                                                                            $120                           §       expected completion of two inland storage terminals: first half of 2019
§                                   entered into three, long-term, u.s. dollar-denominated terminal services agreements in july 2017 with valero energy for the full capacity of the marine terminal and the two inland storage terminals.
§                                   pursuant to these agreements, valero energy has the option to purchase a 50-percent interest in each of the three terminals after commencement of commercial operations, subject to approval by the port of veracruz, cofece, the cre and other regulatory bodies.
energía sierra juárez 2
§                                   108-mw wind power generation facility, located in la rumorosa,                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                $150                           §       expected completion: fourth quarter of 2020
baja california.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             §       pending ferc approval
§                                   entered into a 20-year, u.s. dollar-denominated ppa with sdg&amp;e in november 2017.
§                                   received cpuc approval in december 2017.
130
energía costa azul lng terminal in may 2015, sempra lng & midstream, ienova, and a subsidiary of pemex entered into a project development agreement for the joint development of the proposed natural gas liquefaction project at ienova's existing regasification terminal at eca. the agreement specifies how the parties share costs, and establishes a framework for the parties to work jointly on permitting, design, engineering and commercial activities associated with exploring the development of the liquefaction project. pemex's cost-sharing obligations under the agreement ended on december 31, 2017. eca has profitable long-term regasification contracts for 100 percent of the regasification facility's capacity through 2028, making the decision to pursue a new liquefaction facility dependent in part on whether the investment in a new liquefaction facility would, over the long term, be more beneficial financially than continuing to supply regasification services under our existing contracts.
eca has obtained the primary mexican governmental authorizations for the proposed natural gas liquefaction project, including the environmental impact assessment from the national agency for safety, energy and environment of mexico, the social impact assessment from the mexican secretary of energy (secretaría de energía) and the liquefaction and power self-generation permits from the cre.
the development of this project is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including the receipt of a number of permits and regulatory approvals; finding suitable partners and customers; obtaining financing; negotiating and completing suitable commercial agreements, including joint venture agreements, lng sales agreements, gas supply agreements and construction contracts; reaching a final investment decision; and other factors associated with this potential investment. for a discussion of these risks, see "item 1a. risk factors."
ienova pipelines and den on september 26, 2016, ienova completed the acquisition of pemex's 50-percent interest in gdc (now known as ienova pipelines), increasing ienova's ownership interest in ienova pipelines to 100 percent, at which point ienova pipelines became a consolidated subsidiary of ienova.
on november 15, 2017, ienova completed the acquisition of pemex's 50-percent interest in den, increasing ienova pipelines' ownership interest in den and tag to 100 percent and 50 percent, respectively, at which point den became a consolidated subsidiary of ienova. den continues to account for its indirect interest in tag as an equity method investment. we discuss these acquisitions further in notes 3 and 4 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
termoeléctrica de mexicali our tdm power plant is currently held for sale, as we discuss in note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
other sempra mexico matters at december 31, 2017, pemex's long-term rating with moody's was baa3 with a negative outlook. pemex's foreign currency long-term s&p rating was bbb+ and its outlook was stable. s&p's local currency long-term sovereign credit rating was a- with a stable outlook. fitch rating's long-term issuer default rating and local currency long-term issuer default ratings were bbb+. although pemex is a state productive enterprise of mexico, its financing obligations are not guaranteed by the mexican government. as a customer with capacity contracts for transportation services on sempra mexico's ethane and lpg pipelines, if pemex were unable to meet any or all of its obligations to sempra mexico, it could have a material adverse effect on sempra energy's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
sempra mexico continues to monitor cfe project opportunities and carefully analyze cfe bids in order to participate in those that fit its overall growth strategy. there can be no assurance that ienova will be successful in bidding for new cfe projects.
the ability to successfully complete major construction projects is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. for a discussion of these risks and uncertainties, see "item 1a. risk factors."
sempra renewables sempra renewables' performance is primarily a function of the solar and wind power generated by its assets. power generation from these assets depends on solar and wind resource levels, weather conditions, and sempra renewables' ability to maintain equipment performance.
sempra renewables' future performance and the demand for renewable energy is impacted by various market factors, most notably state mandated requirements for utilities to deliver a portion of total energy load from renewable energy sources. additionally, the phase out or extension of u.s. federal income tax incentives, primarily itcs and ptcs, and grant programs
131
could significantly impact future renewable energy resource availability and investment decisions. imposition by the u.s. government of ad valorem tariffs, import quotas or other import restrictions related to solar panels could materially adversely affect sempra renewables' business, investment decisions and the demand for renewable energy in the u.s.
capital project updates we summarize below a new solar project at sempra renewables.
capital project under construction at december 31, 2017 - sempra renewables project description                                                                                                                                     estimated capital cost (in millions)                        status great valley solar project
§               capable of producing up to 200 mw of solar power once fully constructed, located in fresno county, california, acquired in july 2017.             $375                                    §         commercial operation dates and corresponding contracted energy sales to commence in four phases. three phases commenced in the fourth quarter of 2017 and the final phase is expected to commence in the first half of 2018.
to
$425
§               fully contracted under four ppas with an average contract term of 18 years.
sempra lng & midstream capital project updates we summarize below sempra lng & midstream's completion of the cameron interstate pipeline expansion project.
capital project completed in 2017 - sempra lng &amp; midstream project description cameron interstate pipeline expansion
§                    3.5-mile, 36-inch pipeline addition to existing cameron interstate pipeline, adding bi-directional flow of up to 1.5 bcf of natural gas per day.                                 §         expansion project completed in the second quarter of 2017.
§                    includes construction of a compressor station and construction of and modifications to meter stations.
§                    authorized by ferc in june 2014 and approved to commence service in april 2017.
we summarize below updates regarding the cameron lng jv three-train liquefaction joint venture project at sempra lng & midstream.
major project under construction at december 31, 2017 - sempra lng &amp; midstream project description                                                                                                                                                                                                     status cameron lng jv three-train liquefaction project
§                         sempra energy contributed cameron lng, llc's existing facilities to cameron lng jv, of which sempra energy indirectly owns 50.2 percent, and construction began in the second half of 2014.   §                  based on a number of factors discussed below, we believe it is reasonable to expect that all three lng trains will be producing lng in 2019.
§                         estimated cost of approximately $10 billion at the time of our final investment decision by cameron lng jv.
§                         capacity of 13.9 mtpa of lng with an expected export capacity of 12 mtpa of lng, or approximately 1.7 bcf per day.
§                         authorized to export the full capacity of lng to both fta and non-fta countries.
§                         20-year liquefaction and regasification tolling capacity agreements for full nameplate capacity.
132
cameron lng jv three-train liquefaction project construction on the current three-train liquefaction project began in the second half of 2014 under an epc contract with a joint venture between cb&i, llc (as assignee of cb&i shaw constructors, inc.), a wholly owned subsidiary of chicago bridge & iron company n.v., and chiyoda international corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of chiyoda corporation.
the total cost of the integrated cameron lng jv facility, including the cost of the original facility that was contributed to the joint venture interest during construction, financing costs and required reserves, was estimated to be approximately $10 billion at the time of our final investment decision.
sempra lng & midstream has agreements totaling 1.45 bcf per day of firm natural gas transportation service to the cameron lng jv facilities on the cameron interstate pipeline with engie s.a. and affiliates of mitsubishi corporation and mitsui & co., ltd. the terms of these agreements are concurrent with the liquefaction and regasification tolling capacity agreements.
sempra energy and the project partners executed project financing documents for senior secured debt in an aggregate principal amount up to $7.4 billion for the purpose of financing the cost of development and construction of the cameron lng jv liquefaction project. sempra energy has entered into guarantees under which it has severally guaranteed 50.2 percent of cameron lng jv's obligations under the project financing and financing-related agreements, for a maximum amount of up to $3.9 billion. the project financing and completion guarantees became effective on october 1, 2014, and the guarantees will terminate upon financial completion of the project, which will occur upon satisfaction of certain conditions, including all three trains achieving commercial operation and meeting certain operational performance tests. we expect the project to achieve financial completion and the completion guarantees to be terminated approximately nine months after all three trains achieve commercial operation.
large-scale construction projects like the design, development and construction of the cameron lng jv liquefaction facility involve numerous risks and uncertainties, including among others, the potential for unforeseen engineering challenges, substantial construction delays and increased costs. cameron lng jv has a turnkey epc contract, and if the contractor becomes unwilling or unable to perform according to the terms and timetable of the epc contract, the project could face substantial construction delays and potentially significantly increased costs. if the contractor's delays or failures are serious enough to cause the contractor to default under the epc contract, such default could result in cameron lng jv's engagement of a substitute contractor. in october 2016, the epc contractor indicated that the cameron lng project would not achieve its originally scheduled dates for completion and subsequently provided project schedules reflecting further delays to the cameron lng project.
during the course of construction of large projects like cameron lng, contractors often assert that they are owed additional compensation, schedule extensions, or both. cameron lng jv received information from the epc contractor claiming it was owed additional amounts beyond the contract value and entitled to schedule extensions, including as a result of the impacts of hurricane harvey and other events impacting the project. in december 2017, cameron lng jv entered into a settlement agreement with the epc contractor that settled claims by the epc contractor that it was owed additional compensation beyond the original contract price and that it was entitled to schedule extensions under the epc contract. the settlement agreement resolves all of the epc contractor's known and unknown claims prior to december 17, 2017 and became effective in january 2018.
under the settlement agreement, cameron lng jv has agreed to additional contract and bonus payments. these payments are subject to the epc contractor's achievement of certain milestones, including milestones aligned to the completion of commissioning the lng trains. in addition, the bonus payments become payable only if the epc contractor satisfies certain additional milestones. the settlement agreement waives schedule-related liquidated damages related to the original contract schedule and reestablishes the start dates for such liquidated damages according to the settlement schedule.
based on a number of factors, we continue to believe it is reasonable to expect that all three lng trains at the cameron lng jv liquefaction facility will be producing lng and start generating earnings in 2019. these factors include, among others, the terms of the settlement agreement, the project schedules received from the epc contractor, cameron lng jv's own review of the project schedules, the assumptions underlying such schedules, the epc contractor's progress to date, the remaining work to be performed, and the inherent risks in constructing and testing facilities such as the cameron lng jv liquefaction facility. for a discussion of the cameron lng jv and of these risks and other risks relating to the development of the cameron lng jv liquefaction project that could adversely affect our future performance, see note 4 of the notes to consolidated financial statements and "item 1a. risk factors."
these delays in the project and the terms of the settlement agreement increase the total estimated cost of the integrated cameron lng facility above the approximately $10 billion estimated cost; however, the estimated increase is expected to be within the project contingency established by the cameron lng jv at the time of the final investment decision for the project in august 2014 and is not material to sempra energy.
133
proposed additional cameron liquefaction expansion cameron lng jv has received the major permits and fta and non-fta approvals necessary to expand the current configuration of the cameron lng jv liquefaction project from the current three liquefaction trains under construction. the proposed expansion project includes up to two additional liquefaction trains, capable of increasing lng production capacity by approximately 9 mtpa to 10 mtpa, and up to two additional full containment lng storage tanks (one of which was permitted with the original three-train project).
under the cameron lng jv financing agreements, expansion of the cameron lng jv facilities beyond the first three trains is subject to certain restrictions and conditions, including among others, timing restrictions on expansion of the project unless appropriate prior consent is obtained from lenders. under the cameron lng jv equity agreements, the expansion of the project requires the unanimous consent of all the partners, including with respect to the equity investment obligation of each partner. one of the partners indicated to sempra energy and the other partners that it does not intend to invest additional capital in cameron lng jv with respect to the expansion. as a result, discussions among the partners are taking place, and we are considering a variety of options to attempt to move this project forward. these activities have contributed to delays in developing firm pricing information and securing customer commitments, and there can be no assurance that these issues will be resolved in a timely manner, which could materially and adversely impact the near-term marketing of this expansion project and cameron lng jv's ability to secure customer commitments. in light of these developments, we are unable to predict when we and/or cameron lng jv might be able to move forward on this expansion project.
the expansion of the cameron lng jv facilities beyond the first three trains is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including amending the cameron lng jv agreement among the partners, obtaining customer commitments, completing the required commercial agreements, securing and maintaining all necessary permits, approvals and consents, obtaining financing, reaching a final investment decision among the cameron lng jv partners, and other factors associated with the potential investment. see "item 1a. risk factors."
other lng liquefaction development design, regulatory and commercial activities are ongoing for potential lng liquefaction developments at our port arthur, texas site and at sempra mexico's eca facility. for these development projects, we have met with potential customers and determined there is an interest in long-term contracts for lng supplies beginning in the 2022 to 2025 time frame.
port arthur in november 2016, sempra lng & midstream submitted a request to the ferc seeking authorization to site, construct and operate the proposed port arthur lng natural gas liquefaction and export facility in port arthur, texas.
▪   the proposed project is designed to include
◦   two natural gas liquefaction trains with production capability of approximately 13.5 mtpa, or 698 bcf per year;
◦   three lng storage tanks;
◦   natural gas liquids and refrigerant storage;
◦   feed gas pre-treatment facilities; and
◦   two berths and associated marine and loading facilities.
▪   in june 2015, sempra lng &amp; midstream filed permit applications with the doe for authorization to export the lng produced from the proposed project to all current and future non-fta countries.
▪   in august 2015, sempra lng &amp; midstream received authorization from the doe to export the lng produced from the proposed project to all current and future fta countries.
▪   in june 2017, sempra lng &amp; midstream, woodside petroleum ltd. and korea gas corporation signed a memorandum of understanding that provides a framework for cooperation and joint discussion by the parties regarding key aspects of the potential development of the port arthur lng project, including engineering and construction work, o&amp;m activities, feed gas sourcing, offtake of lng and the potential for korea gas corporation to purchase lng from, and become an equity participant in, the port arthur lng project. the memorandum of understanding does not commit any party to buy or sell lng or otherwise participate in the port arthur liquefaction lng project.
▪   in february 2018, sempra lng &amp; midstream and woodside petroleum ltd. entered into a project development agreement for the joint development of the proposed port arthur lng liquefaction project. the agreement specifies how the parties will share costs, and establishes a framework for the parties to work jointly on permitting, design, engineering, commercial and marketing activities associated with developing the port arthur lng liquefaction project.
also, in november 2016, sempra lng & midstream filed a permit application with the ferc for the texas connector pipeline project that will provide natural gas transportation service for the port arthur lng liquefaction project. in february 2017, sempra
134
lng & midstream initiated the ferc pre-filing review process for the louisiana connector pipeline project, an additional pipeline project that would also provide natural gas transportation service for the port arthur lng liquefaction project. the ferc application was filed in october 2017.
development of the port arthur lng liquefaction project is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including obtaining customer commitments, completing the required commercial agreements, such as joint venture agreements, lng sales agreements and gas supply agreements; completing construction contracts; securing all necessary permits and approvals; obtaining financing and incentives; reaching a final investment decision; and other factors associated with the potential investment. see "item 1a. risk factors."
energía costa azul we further discuss sempra lng & midstream's participation in potential lng liquefaction development at sempra mexico's eca facility above in "sempra mexico - energía costa azul lng terminal."
natural gas storage assets the future performance of our natural gas storage assets could be impacted by ongoing changes in the u.s. natural gas market, which could lead to sustained diminished natural gas storage values.
the recorded value of our long-lived natural gas storage assets at december 31, 2017 is $1.5 billion. historically, the value of natural gas storage services has positively correlated with the difference between the seasonal prices of natural gas, among other factors. in general, over the past several years, seasonal differences in natural gas prices have declined, which have contributed to lower prices for storage services. as our legacy (higher rate) sales contracts mature at our bay gas and mississippi hub facilities, replacement sales contract rates have been and could continue to be lower than has historically been the case. lower sales revenues may not be offset by cost reductions, which could lead to depressed asset values. future investment in bay gas, mississippi hub and la storage will be dependent on market demand and estimates of long-term storage values. our la storage development project construction permit expired in june 2017 and future development will require approval of a new construction permit by the ferc. the la storage project also includes an existing 23.3-mile pipeline header system, the la storage pipeline, that is not currently contracted.
we perform recovery testing of our recorded asset values when market conditions indicate that such values may not be recoverable. in the event such values are not recoverable, we would consider the fair value of these assets relative to their carrying value. to the extent the carrying value is in excess of the fair value, we would record a noncash impairment charge. a significant impairment charge related to our natural gas storage assets would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in the period in which it is recorded.
rbs sempra commodities in three separate transactions in 2010 and one in early 2011, we and rbs, our partner in the rbs sempra commodities joint venture, sold substantially all of the businesses and assets of our commodities-marketing partnership. the investment balance of $67 million at december 31, 2017 reflects remaining distributions expected to be received from the partnership as it is dissolved. the amount of distributions, if any, may be impacted by the matters we discuss related to rbs sempra commodities in "other litigation" in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. in addition, amounts may be retained by the partnership for an extended period of time to help offset unanticipated future general and administrative costs necessary to complete the dissolution of the partnership.
other sempra energy matters we may be further impacted by rapidly changing economic conditions. these conditions may also affect our counterparties. moreover, the dollar may fluctuate significantly compared to some foreign currencies, especially in mexico and south america where we have significant operations. we discuss these matters in "impact of foreign currency and inflation rates on results of operations" above and in "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
north american natural gas prices, when in decline, negatively affect profitability at sempra lng & midstream. also, a reduction in projected global demand for lng could result in increased competition among those working on projects in an environment of declining lng demand, such as the sempra energy-sponsored export initiatives. for a discussion of these risks and other risks involving changing commodity prices, see "item 1a. risk factors."
135
litigation we describe legal proceedings that could adversely affect our future performance in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
critical accounting policies and estimates management views certain accounting policies as critical because their application is the most relevant, judgmental, and/or material to our financial position and results of operations, and/or because they require the use of material judgments and estimates.
we describe our significant accounting policies in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. we discuss choices among alternative accounting policies that are material to our financial statements and information concerning significant estimates with the audit committee of the sempra energy board of directors.
critical accounting policies and estimates sempra energy, sdg&amp;e and socalgas contingencies assumptions &amp; approach used       we accrue losses for the estimated impacts of various conditions, situations or circumstances involving uncertain outcomes. for loss contingencies, we accrue the loss if an event has occurred on or before the balance sheet date and: ▪information available through the date we file our financial statements indicates it is probable that a loss has been incurred, given the likelihood of uncertain future events, and ▪the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. we do not accrue contingencies that might result in gains. we continuously assess contingencies for litigation claims, environmental remediation and other events.
effect if differentassumptions used   details of our issues in this area are discussed in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
regulatory accounting assumptions &amp; approach used       as regulated entities, the california utilities' rates, as set and monitored by regulators, are designed to recover the cost of providing service and provide the opportunity to earn a reasonable return on their investments. the california utilities record regulatory assets, which are generally costs that would otherwise be charged to expense, if it is probable that, through the ratemaking process, the utility will recover that asset from customers in future rates. similarly, regulatory liabilities are recorded for amounts recovered in rates in advance or in excess of costs incurred. the california utilities assess probabilities of future rate recovery associated with regulatory account balances at the end of each reporting period and whenever new and/or unusual events occur, such as: ▪changes in the regulatory and political environment or the utility's competitive position ▪issuance of a regulatory commission order▪passage of new legislation to the extent that circumstances associated with regulatory balances change, the regulatory balances are evaluated and adjusted if appropriate.
effect if differentassumptions used   adverse legislative or regulatory actions could materially impact the amounts of our regulatory assets and liabilities and could materially adversely impact our financial statements. details of the california utilities' regulatory assets and liabilities and additional factors that management considers when assessing probabilities associated with regulatory balances are discussed in notes 1, 13, 14 and 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
136
sempra energy, sdg&amp;e and socalgas (continued)
income taxes assumptions &amp; approach used       our income tax expense and related balance sheet amounts involve significant management judgments and estimates. as to the application of the recently enacted tcja, these estimates are based on our application of currently available guidance and interpretations of the tcja to our facts, which guidance and interpretation may change. interpretive guidance issued by the sec upon enactment of the tcja permits adjustments in subsequent periods through 2018 to provisional amounts recorded in 2017 related to the tcja. amounts of deferred income tax assets and liabilities, as well as current and noncurrent accruals, involve judgments and estimates of the timing and probability of recognition of income and deductions by taxing authorities. when we evaluate the anticipated resolution of income tax issues, we consider ▪past resolutions of the same or similar issue ▪the status of any income tax examination in progress ▪positions taken by taxing authorities with other taxpayers with similar issues the likelihood of deferred tax recovery is based on analyses of the deferred tax assets and our expectation of future taxable income, based on our strategic planning.
effect if differentassumptions used   actual income taxes could vary from estimated amounts because of: ▪future impacts of various items, including changes in tax laws, regulations, interpretations and rulings ▪our financial condition in future periods▪the resolution of various income tax issues between us and taxing and regulatory authorities we discuss details of our issues in this area in note 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
assumptions &amp; approach used       for an uncertain position to qualify for benefit recognition, the position must have at least a "more likely than not" chance of being sustained (based on the position's technical merits) upon challenge by the respective authorities. the term "more likely than not" means a likelihood of more than 50 percent. if we do not have a more likely than not position with respect to a tax position, then we do not recognize any of the potential tax benefit associated with the position. a tax position that meets the "more likely than not" recognition is measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon the effective resolution of the tax position.
effect if differentassumptions used   unrecognized tax benefits involve management's judgment regarding the likelihood of the benefit being sustained. the final resolution of uncertain tax positions could result in adjustments to recorded amounts and may affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. we discuss additional information related to accounting for uncertainty in income taxes in note 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
derivatives assumptions &amp; approach used       we record derivative instruments for which we do not apply a scope exception at fair value on the balance sheet. depending on the purpose for the contract and the applicability of hedge accounting, the changes in fair value of derivatives may be offset in earnings, on the balance sheet, or in oci. we use the normal purchase or sale exception for certain derivative contracts. whenever possible, we use exchange quoted prices or other third-party pricing to estimate fair values; if no such data is available, we use internally developed models and other techniques. the assumed collectability of derivative assets and receivables considers ▪events specific to a given counterparty▪the tenor of the transaction▪the credit-worthiness of the counterparty effect if differentassumptions used   the application of hedge accounting to certain derivatives and the normal purchase or sale accounting election are made on a contract-by-contract basis. using hedge accounting or the normal purchase or sale election in a different manner could materially impact sempra energy's results of operations. however, such alternatives would not have a significant impact on the california utilities' results of operations because regulatory accounting principles generally apply to their contracts. we provide details of our derivative instruments and our fair value approaches in notes 9 and 10, respectively, of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
137
sempra energy, sdg&amp;e and socalgas (continued)
defined benefit plans assumptions &amp; approach used       to measure our pension and other postretirement obligations, costs and liabilities, we rely on several assumptions. we consider current market conditions, including interest rates, in making these assumptions. we review these assumptions annually and update when appropriate. the critical assumptions used to develop the required estimates include the following key factors: ▪discount rates▪expected return on plan assets ▪health care cost trend rates ▪mortality rates ▪rate of compensation increases ▪termination and retirement rates▪utilization of postretirement welfare benefits ▪payout elections (lump sum or annuity) ▪lump sum interest rates effect if differentassumptions used   the actuarial assumptions we use may differ materially from actual results due to: ▪return on plan assets ▪changing market and economic conditions▪higher or lower withdrawal rates ▪longer or shorter participant life spans ▪more or fewer lump sum versus annuity payout elections made by plan participants ▪retirement rates these differences, other than those related to the california utilities' plans, where rate recovery offsets the effects of the assumptions on earnings, may result in a significant impact to the amount of pension and other postretirement benefit expense we record. for plans other than those at the california utilities, the approximate annual effect on earnings of a 100 bps increase or decrease in the assumed discount rate would be less than $2 million and the effect of a 100 bps increase or decrease in the assumed rate of return on plan assets would be less than $2 million. we provide additional information, including the impact of increases and decreases in the health care cost trend rate, in note 7 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
sempra energy and sdg&amp;e asset retirement obligations assumptions &amp; approach used       sdg&amp;e's legal aros related to the decommissioning of songs are estimated based on a site specific study performed no less than every three years. the estimate of the obligations includes ▪estimated decommissioning costs, including labor, equipment, material and other disposal costs▪inflation adjustment applied to estimated cash flows ▪discount rate based on a credit-adjusted risk-free rate ▪actual decommissioning costs, progress to date and expected duration of decommissioning activities effect if differentassumptions used   changes in the estimated decommissioning costs, or in the assumptions and judgments made by management underlying these estimates, could cause revisions to the estimated total cost associated with retiring the assets. sdg&amp;e's nuclear decommissioning expenses are subject to rate recovery and, therefore, rate-making accounting treatment is applied to sdg&amp;e's nuclear decommissioning activities. sdg&amp;e recognizes a regulatory asset, or liability, to the extent that its songs aro exceeds, or is less than, the amount collected from customers and the amount earned in sdg&amp;e's ndt. we provide additional detail in note 13 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
sempra energy impairment testing of long-lived assets, including intangible assets
138
assumptions &amp; approach used       whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that an asset's carrying amount may not be recoverable, we consider if the estimated future undiscounted cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the assets. if so, we estimate the fair value of these assets to determine the extent to which carrying value exceeds fair value. for these estimates, we may consider data from multiple valuation methods, including data from market participants. we exercise judgment to estimate the future cash flows and the useful lives of long-lived assets and to determine our intent to use the assets. our intent to use or dispose of assets is subject to re-evaluation and can change over time.
effect if differentassumptions used   if an impairment test is required, the fair value of long-lived assets can vary if differing estimates and assumptions are used in the valuation techniques applied as indicated by changing market or other conditions. we discuss impairment of long-lived assets in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
impairment testing of goodwill assumptions &amp; approach used       on an annual basis or whenever events or changes in circumstances necessitate an evaluation, we consider whether goodwill may be impaired. for our annual goodwill impairment testing, we have the option to first make a qualitative assessment of whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount before applying the two-step, quantitative goodwill impairment test. if we elect to perform the qualitative assessment, we evaluate relevant events and circumstances, including but not limited to, macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors, changes in key personnel and the overall financial performance of the reporting unit. if, after assessing these qualitative factors, we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then we perform the two-step goodwill impairment test. when we perform the two-step, quantitative goodwill impairment test, we exercise judgment to develop estimates of the fair value of the reporting unit and compare that to the carrying value. our fair value estimates are developed from the perspective of a knowledgeable market participant. we consider observable transactions in the marketplace for similar investments, if available, as well as an income-based approach such as a discounted cash flow analysis. a discounted cash flow analysis may be based directly on anticipated future revenues and expenses and may be performed based on free cash flows generated within the reporting unit. critical assumptions that affect our estimates of fair value may include ▪consideration of market transactions▪future cash flows▪the appropriate risk-adjusted discount rate▪country risk ▪entity risk effect if differentassumptions used   when we choose to make a qualitative assessment as discussed above, the two-step, quantitative goodwill impairment test is not required if we determine that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. if we conclude that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount or when we choose to proceed directly to the two-step, quantitative goodwill impairment test, the test requires us to first determine if the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value and if so, to measure the amount of goodwill impairment, if any. when determining if goodwill is impaired, the fair value of the reporting unit and goodwill can vary if differing estimates and assumptions are used in the valuation techniques applied as indicated by changing market or other conditions. as a result, recognizing a goodwill impairment may or may not be required. we determined that it is more likely than not that the estimated fair values of the reporting units in south america to which goodwill was allocated exceeded their carrying values based on our qualitative assessment, and that the estimated fair values of the reporting units in mexico to which goodwill was allocated exceeded their carrying values based on our quantitative assessment, as of october 1, 2017, our most recent goodwill impairment testing date. we discuss goodwill in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
sempra energy (continued)
carrying value of equity method investments
139
assumptions &amp; approach used       we generally account for investments under the equity method when we have significant influence over, but do not have control of, the investee. we consider whether the fair value of each equity investment as a whole, not the underlying net assets, has declined and whether that decline is other than temporary. to help evaluate whether a decline in fair value below carrying value has occurred and if the decline is other than temporary, we may develop fair value estimates for the investment. our fair value estimates are developed from the perspective of a knowledgeable market participant. in the absence of observable transactions in the marketplace for similar investments, we consider an income-based approach such as a discounted cash flow analysis or, with less weighting, the replacement cost of the underlying net assets. a discounted cash flow analysis may be based directly on anticipated future distributions from the investment, or may be performed based on free cash flows generated within the entity and adjusted for our ownership share total. when calculating estimates of fair or realizable values, we also consider whether we intend to hold or sell the investment. for certain investments, critical assumptions may include ▪equity sale offer price for the investment▪transportation rates for natural gas▪the appropriate risk-adjusted discount rate▪the availability and costs of natural gas and liquefied natural gas▪competing fuels (primarily propane) and electricity▪estimated future power generation and associated tax credits▪renewable power price expectations effect if differentassumptions used   the risk assumptions applied by other market participants to value the investments could vary significantly or the appropriate approaches could be weighted differently. these differences could impact whether or not the fair value of the investment is less than its carrying value, and if so, whether that condition is other than temporary. this could result in an impairment charge or a different amount of impairment charge, and, in cases where an impairment charge has been recorded, additional loss or gain upon sale in the case of a sale transaction. we provide additional details in notes 4 and 10 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
new accounting standards we discuss the relevant pronouncements that have recently become effective and have had or may have a significant effect on our financial statements in note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
