item 1a. risk factors the company's business, operations and financial condition are subject to various risks and uncertainties. you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this annual report on form 10-k, including those risks set forth under the heading entitled "cautionary statements under the private securities litigation reform act of 1995," and in other documents that the company files with the u.s. securities and exchange commission ("sec"), before making any investment decision with respect to its securities. if any of the risks or uncertainties actually occur or develop, the company's business, financial condition, results of operations and future growth prospects could change. under these circumstances, the trading prices of the company's securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment in the company's securities.
changes in customer preferences, the inability to maintain mutually beneficial relationships with large customers, inventory reductions by customers, and the inability to penetrate new channels of distribution could adversely affect the company's business.
the company has certain significant customers, particularly home centers and major retailers. the two largest customers comprised approximately 21% of net sales, with u.s. and international mass merchants and home centers collectively comprising approximately 29% of net sales. the loss or material reduction of business, the lack of success of sales initiatives, or changes in customer preferences or loyalties, for the company's products related to any such significant customer could have a material adverse impact on the company's results of operations and cash flows. in addition, the company's major customers are volume purchasers, a few of which are much larger than the company and have strong bargaining power with suppliers. this limits the ability to recover cost increases through higher selling prices. furthermore, unanticipated inventory adjustments by these customers can have a negative impact on net sales.
if customers in the convergent security solutions ("css") business are dissatisfied with services and switch to competitive services, or disconnect for other reasons such as preference for digital technology products or other technology enhancements not then offered by css, the company's attrition rates may increase. in periods of increasing attrition rates, recurring revenue and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. the risk is more pronounced in times of economic uncertainty, as customers may reduce amounts spent on the products and services the company provides.
in times of tough economic conditions, the company has experienced significant distributor inventory corrections reflecting de-stocking of the supply chain associated with difficult credit markets. such distributor de-stocking exacerbated sales volume declines pertaining to weak end user demand and the broader economic recession. the company's results may be adversely impacted in future periods by such customer inventory adjustments. further, the inability to continue to penetrate new channels of distribution may have a negative impact on the company's future results.
the company faces active global competition and if it does not compete effectively, its business may suffer.
the company faces active competition and resulting pricing pressures. the company's products compete on the basis of, among other things, its reputation for product quality, its well-known brands, price, innovation and customer service capabilities. the company competes with both larger and smaller companies that offer the same or similar products and services or that produce different products appropriate for the same uses. these companies are often located in countries such as china, taiwan and india where labor and other production costs are substantially lower than in the u.s., canada and western europe. also, certain large customers offer house brands that compete with some of the company's product offerings as a lower-cost alternative. to remain profitable and defend market share, the company must maintain a competitive cost structure, develop new products and services, lead product innovation, respond to competitor innovations and enhance its existing products in a timely manner. the company may not be able to compete effectively on all of these fronts and with all of its competitors, and the failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on its sales and profit margins.
core sfs is a continuous operational improvement process applied to many aspects of the company's business such as procurement, quality in manufacturing, maximizing customer fill rates, integrating acquisitions and other key business
7
processes. in the event the company is not successful in effectively applying the core sfs principles to its key business processes, including those of acquired businesses, its ability to compete and future earnings could be adversely affected.
in addition, the company may have to reduce prices on its products and services, or make other concessions, to stay competitive and retain market share. price reductions taken by the company in response to customer and competitive pressures, as well as price reductions and promotional actions taken to drive demand that may not result in anticipated sales levels, could also negatively impact its business. the company engages in restructuring actions, sometimes entailing shifts of production to low-cost countries, as part of its efforts to maintain a competitive cost structure. if the company does not execute restructuring actions well, its ability to meet customer demand may decline, or earnings may otherwise be adversely impacted. similarly, if such efforts to reform the cost structure are delayed relative to competitors or other market factors, the company may lose market share and profits.
customer consolidation could have a material adverse effect on the company's business.
a significant portion of the company's products are sold through home centers and mass merchant distribution channels in the u.s. and europe. a consolidation of retailers in both north america and abroad has occurred over time and the increasing size and importance of individual customers creates risk of exposure to potential volume loss. the loss of certain larger home centers as customers would have a material adverse effect on the company's business until either such customers were replaced or the company made the necessary adjustments to compensate for the loss of business.
low demand for new products and the inability to develop and introduce new products at favorable margins could adversely impact the company's performance and prospects for future growth.
the company's competitive advantage is due in part to its ability to develop and introduce new products in a timely manner at favorable margins. the uncertainties associated with developing and introducing new products, such as market demand and costs of development and production may impede the successful development and introduction of new products on a consistent basis. introduction of new technology may result in higher costs to the company than that of the technology replaced. that increase in costs, which may continue indefinitely or until increased demand and greater availability in the sources of the new technology drive down its cost, could adversely affect the company's results of operations. market acceptance of the new products introduced in recent years and scheduled for introduction in future years may not meet sales expectations due to various factors, such as the failure to accurately predict market demand, end-user preferences, and evolving industry standards. moreover, the ultimate success and profitability of the new products may depend on the company's ability to resolve technical and technological challenges in a timely and cost-effective manner, and to achieve manufacturing efficiencies. the company's investments in productive capacity and commitments to fund advertising and product promotions in connection with these new products could erode profits if those expectations are not met.
the company's brands are important assets of its businesses and violation of its trademark rights by imitators, or the failure of its licensees or vendors to comply with the company's product quality, manufacturing requirements, marketing standards, and other requirements could negatively impact revenues and brand reputation.
the company's trademarks have a reputation for quality and value and are important to the company's success and competitive position. unauthorized use of the company's trademark rights may not only erode sales of the company's products, but may also cause significant damage to its brand name and reputation, interfere with its ability to effectively represent the company to its customers, contractors, suppliers, and/or licensees, and increase litigation costs. similarly, failure by licensees or vendors to adhere to the company's standards of quality and other contractual requirements could result in loss of revenue, increased litigation, and/or damage to the company's reputation and business. there can be no assurance that the company's ongoing efforts to protect its brand and trademark rights and ensure compliance with its licensing and vendor agreements will prevent all violations.
successful sales and marketing efforts depend on the company's ability to recruit and retain qualified employees.
the success of the company's efforts to grow its business depends on the contributions and abilities of key executives, its sales force and other personnel, including the ability of its sales force to adapt to any changes made in the sales organization and achieve adequate customer coverage. the company must therefore continue to recruit, retain and motivate management, sales and other personnel sufficiently to maintain its current business and support its projected growth. a shortage of these key employees might jeopardize the company's ability to implement its growth strategy.
8
the company has significant operations outside of the united states, which are subject to political, economic and other risks inherent in operating outside of the united states.
the company generates a significant portion of its total revenue outside of the united states. business operations outside of the united states are subject to political, economic and other risks inherent in operating in certain countries, such as:
•   the difficulty of enforcing agreements and protecting assets through legal systems outside the u.s.;
•   managing widespread operations and enforcing internal policies and procedures such as compliance with u.s. and foreign anti-bribery and anti-corruption regulations;
•   trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements;
•   the application of certain labor regulations outside of the united states, including data privacy;
•   compliance with a wide variety of non-u.s. laws and regulations;
•   changes in the general political and economic conditions in the countries where the company operates, particularly in emerging markets;
•   the threat of nationalization and expropriation;
•   increased costs and risks of doing business in a wide variety of jurisdictions;
•   government controls limiting importation of goods;
•   government controls limiting payments to suppliers for imported goods;
•   limitations on repatriation of earnings; and
•   exposure to wage, price and capital controls.
changes in the political or economic environments in the countries in which the company operates could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
the company's business is subject to risks associated with sourcing and manufacturing overseas.
the company imports large quantities of finished goods, component parts and raw materials. substantially all of its import operations are subject to customs requirements and to tariffs and quotas set by governments through mutual agreements, bilateral actions or, in some cases unilateral action. in addition, the countries in which the company's products and materials are manufactured or imported from (including importation into the u.s. of our products manufactured overseas) may from time to time impose additional quotas, duties, tariffs or other restrictions on its imports (including restrictions on manufacturing operations) or adversely modify existing restrictions. furthermore, imported products and materials may be subject to future tariffs or other trade measures in the u.s. imports are also subject to unpredictable foreign currency variation which may increase the company's cost of goods sold. adverse changes in these import costs and restrictions, or the company's suppliers' failure to comply with customs regulations or similar laws, could harm the company's business.
the company's operations are also subject to the effects of international trade agreements and regulations such as the north american free trade agreement, and the activities and regulations of the world trade organization. although these trade agreements generally have positive effects on trade liberalization, sourcing flexibility and cost of goods by reducing or eliminating the duties and/or quotas assessed on products manufactured in a particular country, trade agreements can also impose requirements that adversely affect the company's business, such as setting quotas on products that may be imported from a particular country into key markets including the u.s. or the european union, or making it easier for other companies to compete, by eliminating restrictions on products from countries where the company's competitors source products.
the company's ability to import products in a timely and cost-effective manner may also be affected by conditions at ports or issues that otherwise affect transportation and warehousing providers, such as port and shipping capacity, labor disputes, severe weather or increased homeland security requirements in the u.s. and other countries. these issues could delay importation of products or require the company to locate alternative ports or warehousing providers to avoid disruption to customers. these alternatives may not be available on short notice or could result in higher transit costs, which could have an adverse impact on the company's business and financial condition.
9
the company's success depends on its ability to improve productivity and streamline operations to control or reduce costs.
the company is committed to continuous productivity improvement and evaluating opportunities to reduce fixed costs, simplify or improve processes, and eliminate excess capacity. the company has undertaken restructuring actions, the savings of which may be mitigated by many factors, including economic weakness, competitive pressures, and decisions to increase costs in areas such as sales promotion or research and development above levels that were otherwise assumed. failure to achieve, or delays in achieving, projected levels of efficiencies and cost savings from such measures, or unanticipated inefficiencies resulting from manufacturing and administrative reorganization actions in progress or contemplated, would adversely affect the company's results.
the performance of the company may suffer from business disruptions or other costs associated with information technology, cyber attacks, system implementations, data privacy, or catastrophic losses affecting distribution centers and other infrastructure.
the company relies heavily on computer systems to manage and operate its businesses, and record and process transactions. computer systems are important to production planning, customer service and order fulfillment among other business-critical processes. consistent and efficient operation of the computer hardware and software systems is imperative to the successful sales and earnings performance of the various businesses in many countries.
despite efforts to prevent such situations, insurance policies and loss control and risk management practices that partially mitigate these risks, the company's systems may be affected by damage or interruption from, among other causes, power outages, system failures or computer viruses. computer hardware and storage equipment that is integral to efficient operations, such as e-mail, telephone and other functionality, is concentrated in certain physical locations in the various continents in which the company operates. additionally, the company relies on software applications and enterprise cloud storage systems and cloud computing services provided by third-party vendors, and our business may be adversely affected by service disruptions or security breaches in such third-party systems.
security threats and sophisticated computer crime pose a potential risk to the security of the company's information technology systems, cloud storage systems, networks, services and assets, as well as the confidentiality and integrity of the company's customers' data. if the company suffers a loss or disclosure of business or stakeholder information due to security breaches, including as a result of human error and technological failures, and business continuity plans do not effectively address these issues on a timely basis, the company may suffer interruptions in its ability to manage operations as well as reputational, competitive or business harm, which may adversely impact the company's results of operations and financial condition.
in addition, the company is in the process of system conversions to sap as well as other applications to provide a common platform across most of its businesses. there can be no assurances that expected expense synergies will be achieved or that there will not be delays to the expected timing of such synergies. it is possible the costs to complete the system conversions may exceed current expectations, and that significant costs may be incurred that will require immediate expense recognition as opposed to capitalization. the risk of disruption to key operations is increased when complex system changes such as sap conversions are undertaken. if systems fail to function effectively, or become damaged, operational delays may ensue and the company may be forced to make significant expenditures to remedy such issues. any significant disruption in the company's computer operations could have a material adverse impact on its business and results.
the company's operations are significantly dependent on infrastructure, notably certain distribution centers and security alarm monitoring facilities, which are concentrated in various geographic locations. if any of these were to experience a catastrophic loss, such as a fire, earthquake, hurricane, or flood, it could disrupt operations, delay production, shipments and revenue and result in large expenses to repair or replace the facility. the company maintains business interruption insurance, but it may not fully protect the company against all adverse effects that could result from significant disruptions.
the company is also subject to u.s. and international data privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations, which may impose fines and penalties for noncompliance and may have an adverse effect on the company's operations.  for example, the european union's general data protection regulation (the "gdpr"), which becomes effective in may 2018, extends the scope of the eu data protection law to all companies processing data of eu residents, regardless of the company's location, and imposes significant new requirements on how the company collects, processes and transfers personal data.
unforeseen events, including war, terrorism and other international conflicts and public health issues, whether occurring in the united states or abroad, could disrupt the company's operations, disrupt the operations of its suppliers or customers, or result in political or economic instability. these events could reduce demand for the company's products and make it difficult or impossible to manufacture products, deliver products to customers, or receive materials from suppliers.
10
the company's results of operations could be negatively impacted by inflationary or deflationary economic conditions which could affect the ability to obtain raw materials, component parts, freight, energy, labor and sourced finished goods in a timely and cost-effective manner.
the company's products are manufactured using both ferrous and non-ferrous metals including, but not limited to, steel, zinc, copper, brass, aluminum, and nickel. additionally, the company uses other commodity-based materials for components and packaging including, but not limited to, plastics, resins, wood and corrugated products. the company's cost base also reflects significant elements for freight, energy and labor. the company also sources certain finished goods directly from vendors. if the company is unable to mitigate any inflationary increases through various customer pricing actions and cost reduction initiatives, its profitability may be adversely affected.
conversely, in the event there is deflation, the company may experience pressure from its customers to reduce prices, and there can be no assurance that the company would be able to reduce its cost base (through negotiations with suppliers or other measures) to offset any such price concessions which could adversely impact results of operations and cash flows.
further, as a result of inflationary or deflationary economic conditions, the company believes it is possible that a limited number of suppliers may either cease operations or require additional financial assistance from the company in order to fulfill their obligations. in a limited number of circumstances, the magnitude of the company's purchases of certain items is of such significance that a change in established supply relationships with suppliers or increase in the costs of purchased raw materials, component parts or finished goods could result in manufacturing interruptions, delays, inefficiencies or an inability to market products. changes in value-added tax rebates, currently available to the company or to its suppliers, could also increase the costs of the company's manufactured products as well as purchased products and components and could adversely affect the company's results.
in addition, many of the company's products incorporate battery technology. as other industries begin to adopt similar battery technology for use in their products, the increased demand could place capacity constraints on the company's supply chain. in addition, increased demand for battery technology may also increase the costs to the company for both the battery cells as well as the underlying raw materials. if the company is unable to mitigate any possible supply constraints or related increased costs, its profitably and financial results could be negatively impacted.
uncertainty about the financial stability of economies outside the u.s. could have a significant adverse effect on the company's business, results of operations and financial condition.
the company generates approximately 46% of its revenues from outside the u.s., including 22% of its revenues from europe and 14% from various emerging market countries. each of the company's segments generates sales from these marketplaces. while the company believes any downturn in the european or emerging marketplaces might be offset to some degree by the relative stability in north america, the company's future growth, profitability and financial liquidity could be affected, in several ways, including but not limited to the following:
•   depressed consumer and business confidence may decrease demand for products and services;
•   customers may implement cost-reduction initiatives or delay purchases to address inventory levels;
•   significant declines of foreign currency values in countries where the company operates could impact both the revenue growth and overall profitability in those geographies;
•   a slowing or contracting chinese economy could reduce china's consumption and negatively impact the company's sales in that region, as well as globally;
•   a devaluation of foreign currencies could have an effect on the credit worthiness (as well as the availability of funds) of customers in those regions impacting the collectability of receivables;
•   a devaluation of foreign currencies could have an adverse effect on the value of financial assets of the company in the effected countries;
•   the impact of an event (individual country default, brexit, or break up of the euro) could have an adverse impact on the global credit markets and global liquidity potentially impacting the company's ability to access these credit markets and to raise capital.
11
the company is exposed to market risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates which could negatively impact profitability.
the company manufactures and sells its products in many countries throughout the world. as a result, there is exposure to foreign currency risk as the company enters into transactions and makes investments denominated in multiple currencies. the company's predominant currency exposures are related to the euro, canadian dollar, british pound, australian dollar, brazilian real, argentine peso, chinese renminbi ("rmb") and the taiwan dollar. in preparing its financial statements, for foreign operations with functional currencies other than the u.s. dollar, asset and liability accounts are translated at current exchange rates, while income and expenses are translated using average exchange rates. with respect to the effects on translated earnings, if the u.s. dollar strengthens relative to local currencies, the company's earnings could be negatively impacted. in 2017, translational and transactional foreign currency fluctuations negatively impacted pre-tax earnings by approximately $12.4 million and diluted earnings per share by approximately $0.07. the translational and transactional impacts will vary over time and may be more material in the future. although the company utilizes risk management tools, including hedging, as it deems appropriate, to mitigate a portion of potential market fluctuations in foreign currencies, there can be no assurance that such measures will result in all market fluctuation exposure being eliminated. the company generally does not hedge the translation of its non-u.s. dollar earnings in foreign subsidiaries, but may choose to do so in certain instances.
the company sources many products from china and other low-cost countries for resale in other regions. to the extent the rmb or other currencies appreciate, the company may experience cost increases on such purchases. the company may not be successful at implementing customer pricing or other actions in an effort to mitigate the related cost increases and thus its profitability may be adversely impacted.
the company has incurred, and may incur in the future, significant indebtedness, or issue additional equity securities, in connection with mergers or acquisitions which may impact the manner in which it conducts business or the company's access to external sources of liquidity. the potential issuance of such securities may limit the company's ability to implement elements of its growth strategy and may have a dilutive effect on earnings.
as described in note h, long-term debt and financing arrangements, of the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8, the company has a five-year $1.75 billion committed credit facility and a 364-day $1.25 billion committed credit facility.  no amounts were outstanding against either of these facilities at december 30, 2017.
the instruments and agreements governing certain of the company's current indebtedness contain requirements or restrictive covenants that include, among other things:
•   a limitation on creating liens on certain property of the company and its subsidiaries;
•   a restriction on entering into certain sale-leaseback transactions;
•   customary events of default. if an event of default occurs and is continuing, the company might be required to repay all amounts outstanding under the respective instrument or agreement; and
•   maintenance of a specified financial ratio. the company has an interest coverage covenant that must be maintained to permit continued access to its committed revolving credit facilities. the interest coverage ratio tested for covenant compliance compares adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization to adjusted interest expense ("adjusted ebitda"/"adjusted interest expense"); such adjustments to interest or ebitda include, but are not limited to, removal of non-cash interest expense and stock-based compensation expense. the interest coverage ratio must not be less than 3.5 times and is computed quarterly, on a rolling twelve months (last twelve months) basis. under this covenant definition, the interest coverage ratio was 10 times ebitda or higher in each of the 2017 quarterly measurement periods. management does not believe it is reasonably likely the company will breach this covenant. failure to maintain this ratio could adversely affect further access to liquidity.
future instruments and agreements governing indebtedness may impose other restrictive conditions or covenants. such covenants could restrict the company in the manner in which it conducts business and operations as well as in the pursuit of its growth and repositioning strategies.
12
the company is exposed to counterparty risk in its hedging arrangements.
from time to time, the company enters into arrangements with financial institutions to hedge exposure to fluctuations in currency and interest rates, including forward contracts, options and swap agreements. the failure of one or more counterparties to the company's hedging arrangements to fulfill their obligations could adversely affect the company's results of operations.
tight capital and credit markets or the failure to maintain credit ratings could adversely affect the company by limiting the company's ability to borrow or otherwise access liquidity.
the company's long-term growth plans are dependent on, among other things, the availability of funding to support corporate initiatives and complete appropriate acquisitions and the ability to increase sales of existing product lines. while the company has not encountered financing difficulties to date, the capital and credit markets have experienced extreme volatility and disruption in the past and may again in the future. market conditions could make it more difficult for the company to borrow or otherwise obtain the cash required for significant new corporate initiatives and acquisitions. in addition, there could be a number of follow-on effects from a credit crisis on the company's businesses, including insolvency of key suppliers resulting in product delays; inability of customers to obtain credit to finance purchases of the company's products and services and/or customer insolvencies.
in addition, the major rating agencies regularly evaluate the company for purposes of assigning credit ratings. the company's ability to access the credit markets, and the cost of these borrowings, is affected by the strength of its credit ratings and current market conditions. failure to maintain credit ratings that are acceptable to investors may adversely affect the cost and other terms upon which the company is able to obtain financing, as well as its access to the capital markets.
the company's acquisitions, as well as general business reorganizations, may result in significant costs and certain risks for its business and operations.
in 2017, the company completed the acquisitions of newell tools and the craftsman brand, as well as a number of other smaller acquisitions. in addition, the company recently reached an agreement to purchase the nelson fastener systems industrial business, which is expected to close in the first half of 2018, and may make additional acquisitions in the future.
acquisitions involve a number of risks, including:
•   the failure to identify the most suitable candidates for acquisitions;
•   the ability to identify and close on appropriate acquisition opportunities within desired time frames at reasonable cost;
•   the anticipated additional revenues from the acquired companies do not materialize, despite extensive due diligence;
•   the possibility that the acquired companies will not be successfully integrated or that anticipated cost savings, synergies, or other benefits will not be realized;
•   the acquired businesses will lose market acceptance or profitability;
•   the diversion of company management's attention and other resources;
•   the incurrence of unexpected costs and liabilities, including those associated with undisclosed pre-closing regulatory violations by the acquired business; and
•   the loss of key personnel and clients or customers of acquired companies.
in addition, the success of the company's long-term growth and repositioning strategy will depend in part on successful general reorganization including its ability to:
•   combine businesses and operations;
•   integrate departments, systems and procedures; and
•   obtain cost savings and other efficiencies from such reorganizations, including the company's functional transformation initiative.
failure to effectively consummate or manage the pending acquisition and any future acquisitions or general business reorganizations, and mitigate the related risks, may adversely affect the company's existing businesses and harm its operational results due to large write-offs, significant restructuring costs, contingent liabilities, substantial depreciation, adverse tax or other consequences. the company cannot ensure that such integrations and reorganizations will be successfully completed or that all of the planned synergies and other benefits will be realized.
13
expansion of the company's activity in emerging markets may result in risks due to differences in business practices and cultures.
the company's growth plans include efforts to increase revenue from emerging markets through both organic growth and acquisitions. local business practices in these regions may not comply with u.s. laws, local laws or other laws applicable to the company. when investigating potential acquisitions, the company seeks to identify historical practices of target companies that would create liability or other exposures for the company were they to continue post-completion or as a successor to the target. where such practices are discovered, the company assesses the risk to determine whether it is prepared to proceed with the transaction. in assessing the risk, the company looks at, among other factors, the nature of the violation, the potential liability, including any fines or penalties that might be incurred, the ability to avoid, minimize or obtain indemnity for the risks, and the likelihood that the company would be able to ensure that any such practices are discontinued following completion of the acquisition through implementation of its own policies and procedures. due diligence and risk assessment are, however, imperfect processes, and it is possible that the company will not discover problematic practices until after completion, or that the company will underestimate the risks associated with historical activities. should that occur, the company may incur fees, fines, penalties, injury to its reputation or other damage that could negatively impact the company's earnings.
significant judgment and certain estimates are required in determining the company's worldwide provision for income taxes. future tax law changes and audit results may materially increase the company's prospective income tax expense.
the company is subject to income taxation in the u.s. as well as numerous foreign jurisdictions. significant judgment is required in determining the company's worldwide income tax provision and accordingly there are many transactions and computations for which the final income tax determination is uncertain. the company considers many factors when evaluating and estimating its tax positions and tax benefits, which may require periodic adjustments and which may not accurately anticipate actual outcomes. the company periodically assesses its liabilities and contingencies for all tax years still subject to audit based on the most currently available information, which involves inherent uncertainty. the company is routinely audited by income tax authorities in many tax jurisdictions. although management believes the recorded tax estimates are reasonable, the ultimate outcome of any audit (or related litigation) could differ materially from amounts reflected in the company's income tax accruals. additionally, the global income tax provision can be materially impacted due to foreign currency fluctuations against the u.s. dollar since a significant amount of the company's earnings are generated outside the united states. lastly, it is possible that future income tax legislation may be enacted that could have a material impact on the company's worldwide income tax provision beginning with the period that such legislation becomes enacted.
on december 22, 2017, the u.s. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the tax cuts and jobs act (the "act"). the act makes broad and complex changes to the u.s. tax code, including, but not limited to, (1) reducing the u.s. federal corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 21 percent; (2) requiring companies to pay a one-time transition tax on certain unrepatriated earnings of foreign subsidiaries; (3) generally eliminating u.s. federal income taxes on dividends from foreign subsidiaries; (4) requiring a tax on global intangible low-taxed income ("gilti") which is a current inclusion in u.s. federal taxable income of certain earnings of controlled foreign corporations; (5) eliminating the corporate alternative minimum tax ("amt") and changing how existing amt credits can be realized; (6) creating the base erosion anti-abuse tax ("beat"); (7) creating a new limitation on deductible interest expense; and (8) changing rules related to uses and limitations of net operating loss carryforwards created in tax years beginning after december 31, 2017.
pursuant to staff accounting bulletin no. 118 ("sab 118") issued by the sec in december 2017, issuers are permitted up to one year from the enactment of the act to complete the accounting for the income tax effects of the act. see note a, significant accounting policies, of the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8, for further information about sab 118. as of december 30, 2017, the company has not completed its accounting for the tax effects of the enactment of the act; however, in certain cases, as described in note q, income taxes, of the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8, the company has made a reasonable estimate of the effects on its existing deferred tax balances and the one-time transition tax. in other cases, the company has not been able to make a reasonable estimate and continues to account for those items based on existing accounting guidance under accounting standards codification ("asc") 740, income taxes, and the provisions of the tax laws that were in effect immediately prior to enactment. during the fourth quarter of 2017, a provisional net charge of $23.6 million was recognized for the items the company was able to reasonably estimate, which has been included as a component of income taxes on continuing operations. the final impacts of the act may be materially different from current estimates, which are based on management's preliminarily analysis of currently available information. in all cases, estimates of the impact of the act may be updated to account for changes in interpretations of the act, any legislative action to address questions that arise because of the act, and any changes in accounting standards for income taxes or related interpretations in response to the act. the company will continue to examine the impact that the act may have on its operations in future periods. notwithstanding the reduction in the corporate income tax rate, the overall net impact of the legislation remains uncertain and could adversely impact the company's results of operations or financial condition.
14
the company's failure to continue to successfully avoid, manage, defend, litigate and accrue for claims and litigation could negatively impact its results of operations or cash flows.
the company is exposed to and becomes involved in various litigation matters arising out of the ordinary routine conduct of its business, including, from time to time, actual or threatened litigation relating to such items as commercial transactions, product liability, workers compensation, the company's distributors and franchisees, intellectual property claims and regulatory actions.
in addition, the company is subject to environmental laws in each jurisdiction in which business is conducted. some of the company's products incorporate substances that are regulated in some jurisdictions in which it conducts manufacturing operations. the company could be subject to liability if it does not comply with these regulations. in addition, the company is currently, and may in the future be held responsible for remedial investigations and clean-up costs resulting from the discharge of hazardous substances into the environment, including sites that have never been owned or operated by the company but at which it has been identified as a potentially responsible party under federal and state environmental laws and regulations. changes in environmental and other laws and regulations in both domestic and foreign jurisdictions could adversely affect the company's operations due to increased costs of compliance and potential liability for non-compliance.
the company manufactures products, configures and installs security systems and performs various services that create exposure to product and professional liability claims and litigation. if such products, systems and services are not properly manufactured, configured, installed, designed or delivered, personal injuries, property damage or business interruption could result, which could subject the company to claims for damages. the costs associated with defending product liability claims and payment of damages could be substantial. the company's reputation could also be adversely affected by such claims, whether or not successful.
there can be no assurance that the company will be able to continue to successfully avoid, manage and defend such matters. in addition, given the inherent uncertainties in evaluating certain exposures, actual costs to be incurred in future periods may vary from the company's estimates for such contingent liabilities.
the company's products could be recalled.
the consumer product safety commission or other applicable regulatory bodies may require the recall, repair or replacement of the company's products if those products are found not to be in compliance with applicable standards or regulations. a recall could increase costs and adversely impact the company's reputation.
the company is exposed to credit risk on its accounts receivable.
the company's outstanding trade receivables are not generally covered by collateral or credit insurance. while the company has procedures to monitor and limit exposure to credit risk on its trade and non-trade receivables, there can be no assurance such procedures will effectively limit its credit risk and avoid losses, which could have an adverse effect on the company's financial condition and operating results.
if the company were required to write-down all or part of its goodwill, indefinite-lived trade names, or other definite-lived intangible assets, its net income and net worth could be materially adversely affected.
as a result of the black and decker merger and other acquisitions, the company has $8.8 billion of goodwill, $2.2 billion of indefinite-lived trade names and $1.3 billion of net definite-lived intangible assets at december 30, 2017. the company is required to periodically, at least annually, determine if its goodwill or indefinite-lived trade names have become impaired, in which case it would write down the impaired portion of the asset. the definite-lived intangible assets, including customer relationships, are amortized over their estimated useful lives and are evaluated for impairment when appropriate. impairment of intangible assets may be triggered by developments outside of the company's control, such as worsening economic conditions, technological change, intensified competition or other factors resulting in deleterious consequences.
if the investments in employee benefit plans do not perform as expected, the company may have to contribute additional amounts to these plans, which would otherwise be available to cover operating expenses or other business purposes.
the company sponsors pension and other post-retirement defined benefit plans. the company's defined benefit plan assets are currently invested in equity securities, government and corporate bonds and other fixed income securities, money market instruments and insurance contracts. the company's funding policy is generally to contribute amounts determined annually on an actuarial basis to provide for current and future benefits in accordance with applicable law which require, among other things, that the company make cash contributions to under-funded pension plans. during 2017, the company made cash contributions to its defined benefit plans of $67 million and it expects to contribute $41 million to its defined benefit plans in 2018.
15
there can be no assurance that the value of the defined benefit plan assets, or the investment returns on those plan assets, will be sufficient in the future. it is therefore possible that the company may be required to make higher cash contributions to the plans in future years which would reduce the cash available for other business purposes, and that the company will have to recognize a significant pension liability adjustment which would decrease the net assets of the company and result in higher expense in future years. the fair value of the defined benefit plan assets at december 30, 2017 was $2.213 billion.
risks associated with hostilities involving north korea.
the company has a number of key suppliers in south korea. escalation of hostilities with north korea and/or military action in the region could cause disruptions in the company's supply chain which could, in turn, cause product shortages, delays in delivery and/or increases in the company's cost incurred to produce and deliver products to its customers.
16
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the financial and business analysis below provides information which the company believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of its consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows. this financial and business analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes. all references to "notes" in this item 7 refer to the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report.
the following discussion and certain other sections of this annual report on form 10-k contain statements reflecting the company's views about its future performance that constitute "forward-looking statements" under the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. these forward-looking statements are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about the industry and markets in which the company operates as well as management's beliefs and assumptions. any statements contained herein (including without limitation statements to the effect that stanley black & decker, inc. or its management "believes," "expects," "anticipates," "plans" and similar expressions) that are not statements of historical fact should be considered forward-looking statements. these statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. there are a number of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements. these factors include, without limitation, those set forth, or incorporated by reference, below under the heading "cautionary statements." the company does not intend to update publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
strategic objectives the company continues to pursue a growth and acquisition strategy, which involves industry, geographic and customer diversification to foster sustainable revenue, earnings and cash flow growth, and employ the following strategic framework in pursuit of its vision to reach $22 billion in revenue by 2022 while expanding its margin rate ("22/22 vision"):
•   continue organic growth momentum by utilizing the sfs 2.0 operating system, diversifying toward higher-growth, higher-margin businesses, and increasing the relative weighting of emerging markets;
•   be selective and operate in markets where brand is meaningful, the value proposition is definable and sustainable through innovation and global cost leadership is achievable; and
•   pursue acquisitive growth on multiple fronts by building upon its existing global tools platform, expanding the industrial platform in engineered fastening and infrastructure, consolidating the commercial electronic security industry and pursuing adjacencies with sound industrial logic.
execution of the above strategy has resulted in approximately $8.9 billion of acquisitions since 2002 (excluding the black & decker merger and pending acquisition of the nelson fastener systems industrial business discussed below), several divestitures, improved efficiency in the supply chain and manufacturing operations, and enhanced investments in organic growth, enabled by cash flow generation and increased debt capacity. in addition, the company's continued focus on diversification and organic growth has resulted in improved financial results and an increase in its global presence. the company also remains focused on increasing its presence in emerging markets, with a goal of generating greater than 20% of annual revenues from those markets over time, and leveraging sfs 2.0 to upgrade innovation and digital capabilities, maintain commercial and supply chain excellence, and focus on reducing sg&a, in part, through functional transformation.
the company's long-term financial objectives are as follows:
•   4-6% organic revenue growth;
•   10-12% total revenue growth;
•   10-12% total eps growth (7-9% organically) excluding acquisition-related charges;
•   free cash flow equal to, or exceeding, net income; and
•   sustain 10+ working capital turns.
in terms of capital allocation, the company remains committed, over time, to returning approximately 50% of free cash flow to shareholders through a strong and growing dividend as well as opportunistically repurchasing shares. the remaining free cash flow (approximately 50%) will be deployed towards acquisitions.
the following represents recent examples of the company executing its strategic objectives:
23
acquisitions of newell tools and craftsman® brand in march 2017, the company acquired the tools business of newell brands ("newell tools") for approximately $1.84 billion and acquired the craftsman® brand from sears holdings corporation ("sears holdings") for an estimated cash purchase price of approximately $900 million on a discounted basis.
the newell tools acquisition, which includes the industrial cutting, hand tool and power tool accessory brands irwin® and lenox®, enhances the company's position within the global tools & storage industry and broadens the company's product offerings and solutions to customers and end users, particularly within power tool accessories. the results of newell tools are being consolidated into the company's tools & storage segment.
the craftsman brand acquisition provides the company with the rights to develop, manufacture and sell craftsman®-branded products in non-sears holdings channels. the company plans to significantly increase the availability of craftsman®-branded products to consumers in previously underpenetrated channels, enhance innovation, and add manufacturing jobs in the u.s. to support growth. the results of craftsman are being consolidated into the company's tools & storage segment.
pending acquisition on december 22, 2017, the company reached an agreement to purchase the industrial business of nelson fastener systems ("nelson") from the doncasters group, which excludes nelson's automotive stud welding business, for approximately $440 million in cash. nelson is complementary to the company's product offerings, enhances its presence in the general industrial end markets, expands its portfolio of highly engineered fastening solutions and will deliver cost synergies. this transaction is expected to close in the first half of 2018 subject to customary closing conditions, including regulatory approvals.
refer to note e, acquisitions, for further discussion of the company's acquisitions.
divestitures on february 22, 2017, the company sold the majority of its mechanical security businesses, which included the commercial hardware brands of best access, phi precision and gmt, for net proceeds of approximately $717 million. the sale allowed the company to deploy capital in a more accretive and growth-oriented manner.
refer to note t, divestitures, for further discussion of the company's divestitures.
certain items impacting earnings throughout md&a, the company has provided a discussion of the outlook and results both inclusive and exclusive of acquisition-related charges, gains on sales of businesses, and a one-time net tax charge related to the recently enacted u.s. tax legislation. the acquisition-related charges relate primarily to the newell tools and craftsman brand acquisitions, while the gain on sales of businesses primarily related to the divestiture of the mechanical security businesses. the amounts and measures, including gross profit and segment profit, on a basis excluding such charges are considered relevant to aid analysis and understanding of the company's results aside from the material impact of these charges. in addition, these measures are utilized internally by management to understand business trends, as once the anticipated cost synergies from these acquisitions, as applicable, are realized, such charges are not expected to recur.
during 2017, the company reported $156 million in pre-tax acquisition-related charges, which were comprised of the following:
•   $47 million reducing gross profit primarily pertaining to amortization of the inventory step-up adjustment for the newell tools acquisition;
•   $38 million in sg&amp;a primarily for integration-related costs and consulting fees;
•   $58 million in other, net primarily for deal transaction and consulting costs; and
•   $13 million in restructuring charges pertaining to facility closures and employee severance.
the company also reported a $264 million pre-tax gain on sales of businesses in 2017, primarily relating to the previously discussed sale of the majority of the mechanical security businesses. the net tax benefit of the acquisition-related charges and gain on sales of businesses was $7 million. furthermore, in the fourth quarter of 2017, the company recorded a $24 million net tax charge relating to the recently enacted u.s. tax legislation.
24
the acquisition-related charges, gain on sales of businesses, and one-time net tax charge resulted in a net after-tax gain of $91 million, or $0.59 per diluted share.
driving further profitable growth by fully leveraging our core franchises each of the company's franchises share common attributes: they have world-class brands and attractive growth characteristics, they are scalable and defensible, they can differentiate through innovation, and they are powered by our sfs 2.0 operating system.
•   the tools &amp; storage business is the tool company to own, with strong brands, proven innovation, global scale, and a broad offering of power tools, hand tools, accessories, and storage &amp; digital products across many channels in both developed and developing markets.
•   the engineered fastening business is a highly profitable, gdp+ growth business offering highly engineered, value-added innovative solutions with recurring revenue attributes and global scale.
•   the security business, with its attractive recurring revenue, presents a significant margin accretion opportunity over the longer term and has historically provided a stable revenue stream through economic cycles, is a gateway into the digital world and an avenue to capitalize on rapid digital changes.
while diversifying the business portfolio through strategic acquisitions remains important, management recognizes that the core franchises described above are important foundations that continue to provide strong cash flow and growth prospects. management is committed to growing these businesses through innovative product development, brand support, continued investment in emerging markets and a sharp focus on global cost-competitiveness.
continuing to invest in the stanley black & decker brands the company has a strong portfolio of brands associated with high-quality products including stanley®, black+decker®, dewalt®, flexvolt®, irwin®, lenox®, craftsman®, porter-cable®, bostitch®, proto®, mac tools®, facom®, aeroscout®, powers®, lista®, sidchrome®, vidmar®, sonitrol®, diyz® and gq®. the stanley®, black+decker® and dewalt® brands are recognized as three of the world's great brands and are amongst the company's most valuable assets.
during 2017, the stanley® and dewalt® brands had prominent signage in major league baseball (mlb) stadiums appearing in 47% of all mlb games. the company has also maintained long-standing nascar and nhra racing sponsorships, which provided brand exposure during 60 events in 2017 with the stanley®, dewalt®, irwin® and mac tools® brands. the company has continued its ten-year alliance agreement with the walt disney world resort® whereby stanley® logos are displayed on construction walls throughout the theme parks. brand logos and/or products are featured in various attractions where they are seen by millions of visitors each year. the company also advertises in the english premier league, which is the number one soccer league in the world, featuring stanley®, black+decker® and dewalt® brands to a global audience. starting in 2014, the company became a sponsor for one of the world's most popular football clubs, fc barcelona, including player image rights, hospitality assets and stadium signage. the company also advertises in televised professional bull riding events, and sponsors three riders in 'the built ford tough series,' one of the fastest growing sports in the u.s. with over 48 million fans. additionally, the company sponsors moto gp, the world's premiere motorcycle racing series reaching 150 million fans per year and airing in over 200 countries, and the monster yamaha tech3 team. in 2017, stanley®, black+decker® and dewalt®, continued to partner with three of the fastest growing and thrilling extreme sports categories, bmx, freeride mountain biking (mtb) and skateboarding, supporting over 18 athletes from grass-roots to professional level, to drive the company's generation z marketing objectives.
the above marketing initiatives highlight the company's strong emphasis on brand building and support, which has resulted in more than 240 billion brand impressions annually and a steady improvement across the spectrum of brand awareness measures. the company will continue allocating its brand and advertising spend wisely to capture the emerging digital landscape, whilst continuing to evolve proven marketing programs.
25
the stanley fulfillment system and sfs 2.0
over the years, the company has successfully leveraged the stanley fulfillment system ("sfs") to drive efficiency throughout the supply chain and improve working capital performance in order to generate incremental free cash flow. historically, sfs focused on streamlining operations, which helped reduce lead times, realize synergies during acquisition integrations, and mitigate material and energy price inflation. in 2015, the company launched a refreshed and revitalized sfs operating system, entitled sfs 2.0, to drive from a more programmatic growth mentality to a true organic growth culture by more deeply embedding breakthrough innovation and commercial excellence into its businesses, and at the same time, becoming a significantly more digitally-enabled enterprise.
the positive impacts of sfs 2.0 began in 2016, as evidenced by the launch of the flexvolt® battery system in june 2016, and have continued into 2017 as demonstrated by the robust levels of organic growth and margin expansion. additionally, in 2017, the company opened the stanley engineered fastening breakthrough innovation center in friedrichsdorf, germany and launched the futures innovation factory, housed in one of boston's centers for start-up activity and advanced research. the engineered fastening facility is the first europe-based breakthrough innovation center within the company and will serve as the center of excellence for engineered fastening's "first innovation" team focusing on bringing disruptive technologies to the fastening industry. the futures innovation factory is dedicated to advancing technological innovation in stanley security's business. this group focuses on uncovering disruptive business models and exploring technologies to transform and secure the world.
the company has made a significant commitment to sfs 2.0 and management believes that its success will be characterized by continued organic growth in the 4-6% range as well as expanded operating margin rates over the next 3 to 5 years as the company leverages the growth and reduces structural sg&a levels.
sfs 2.0 is transforming the company by focusing its employees on the following five key pillars:
•   digital excellence uses the power of digital to contemporize, be disruptive, and create value throughout the company's array of products, processes and business models. digital excellence means leveraging the power of emerging technologies across the company's businesses to connected devices, the internet of things ("iot"), and big data, as well as social and mobile, even more than what is being done today. digital is penetrating all aspects of the organization and feeds into and supports the other elements of sfs 2.0 - enabling better asset efficiency through core sfs, greater cost effectiveness via the company's support functions, and improving revenues and margins via customer-facing opportunities.
•   commercial excellence is about how the company becomes more effective and efficient in its customer-facing processes resulting in continued share gains and margin expansion throughout its businesses. the company views commercial excellence as world-class execution across seven areas: customer insights, innovation and portfolio management, pricing and promotion, brand and marketing, sales force deployment and effectiveness, channel programs, and the customer experience.
•   breakthrough innovation is aimed at developing a culture to identify and commercialize market disrupting innovations, each with revenue generation potential greater than $100 million annually. the company's focus remains on utilizing technologies to come up with major breakthroughs in the industries in which the company operates which, when combined with its existing strong core innovation machine, will drive outsized share gains and margin expansion.
•   core sfs / industry 4.0, which targets cost and asset efficiency, remains as the foundation for the company's operating system and has yielded significant advances in improving working capital turns and free cash flow generation. the five operating principles encompassed by core sfs, which work in concert, include: sales and operations planning ("s&amp;op"), operational lean, complexity reduction, global supply management, and order-to-cash excellence. the company plans to continue leveraging these principles to further enhance the company's already strong asset efficiency performance. additionally, the company is making investments behind the adoption of industry 4.0 and advancing the company's capabilities surrounding the automation of manufacturing that includes iot, cloud computing, artificial intelligence ("ai"), 3-d printing, robotics, and advanced materials, among others.
•   functional transformation takes a clean-sheet approach to redesigning the company's key support functions such as finance, hr, it and others, which although highly effective, after roughly a hundred acquisitions are not as efficient as they can be based on external benchmarks. this presents the company with an opportunity to realize the benefits from scale, reduce its sg&amp;a as a percent of sales, and become a cost effectiveness enabler with the side benefit of helping to fund the other aspects of sfs 2.0 and to support margin expansion.
26
these five pillars will serve as a powerful value driver in the years ahead, feeding the company's new product innovation machine, embracing outstanding commercial and supply chain excellence, embedding digital into the various business models, and funding it with world-class functional efficiency. taken together, these pillars will directly support achievement of the company's long-term financial objectives, including its 22/22 vision, and further enable its shareholder-friendly capital allocation approach, which has served the company well in the past and will continue to do so in the future.
outlook for 2018
this outlook discussion is intended to provide broad insight into the company's near-term earnings and cash flow generation prospects. the company expects 2018 diluted earnings per share to approximate $7.80 to $8.00 ($8.30 to $8.50 excluding acquisition-related charges), and free cash flow conversion, defined as free cash flow divided by net income, to approximate 100%. the 2018 outlook assumes organic sales growth of approximately 5% resulting in approximately $0.50 to $0.60 of diluted earnings per share accretion. commodity inflation of approximately $150 million, partially offset by price actions, is expected to negatively impact diluted earnings per share by $0.25 to $0.30. the net impact of closed acquisitions, cost actions and improved productivity, partially offset by higher share count, is expected to result in approximately $0.45 to $0.50 of diluted earnings per share accretion. the tax rate is expected to approximate 18%, reflecting the recently enacted u.s. tax legislation, which would result in approximately $0.20 of diluted earnings per share accretion. embedded core restructuring charges are expected to be approximately $50 million.
results of operations below is a summary of the company's operating results at the consolidated level, followed by an overview of business segment performance.
terminology: the term "organic" is utilized to describe results aside from the impacts of foreign currency fluctuations, acquisitions during their initial 12 months of ownership, and divestitures. this ensures appropriate comparability to operating results of prior periods.
net sales: net sales were $12.747 billion in 2017 compared to $11.407 billion in 2016, representing an increase of 12% fueled by strong organic growth of 7%. in addition, acquisitions, primarily newell tools, and foreign currency increased sales by 7% and 1%, respectively, while the impact of divestitures decreased sales by 3%. tools & storage net sales increased 19% compared to 2016 due to strong innovation-fueled organic growth of 9%, with solid growth across all regions, and acquisition growth of 10%. industrial net sales increased 6% relative to 2016 due to a 6% increase in sales volume, which was mainly driven by strong automotive system shipments in the engineered fastening business and successful commercial actions and higher inspection and onshore pipeline project activity in the infrastructure business. net sales in the security segment decreased 8% compared to 2016 primarily due to a 12% decline from the sale of the majority of the mechanical security businesses, which more than offset increases from organic growth and small bolt-on commercial electronic security acquisitions of 1% and 3%, respectively.
net sales were $11.407 billion in 2016, up 2% compared to $11.172 billion in 2015. organic sales volume and pricing provided increases of 3% and 1%, respectively, partially offset by a 2% decrease due to negative impacts from foreign currency. in the tools & storage segment, net sales increased 5% compared to 2015 due to strong organic growth of 7%, driven by solid growth across all regions, bolstered by the launch of the flexvolt® battery system, partially offset by foreign currency pressures of 2%. industrial net sales declined 5% relative to 2015 primarily due to a 4% decrease in organic sales volume, which was mainly driven by weaker electronics volumes attributable to a major customer and pressured industrial volumes in the engineered fastening business as well as fewer off-shore pipeline projects and an ongoing difficult scrap steel market in the infrastructure business. excluding the impact of the electronics customer, the industrial segment's organic growth was relatively flat in 2016. net sales in the security segment were relatively flat compared to 2015 as organic growth of 1% and small bolt-on electronic acquisitions of 1% were offset by foreign currency headwinds of 2%.
gross profit: the company reported gross profit of $4.778 billion, or 37.5% of net sales, in 2017 compared to $4.267 billion, or 37.4% of net sales, in 2016. acquisition-related charges, which reduced gross profit, were $46.8 million in 2017, primarily relating to the amortization of the inventory step-up adjustment for the newell tools acquisition. excluding acquisition-related charges, gross profit was 37.8% of net sales in 2017, compared to 37.4% in 2016. the year-over-year increase in the profit rate was attributable to volume leverage, productivity and cost control, which more than offset increasing commodity inflation and the impact from the mechanical security business divestiture.
the company reported gross profit of $4.267 billion, or 37.4% of net sales, in 2016 compared to $4.072 billion, or 36.4% of net sales, in 2015. the increase in the profit rate reflects favorable impacts from price, productivity, cost actions and commodity deflation, which more than offset unfavorable foreign currency.
27
sg&a expense: selling, general and administrative expenses, inclusive of the provision for doubtful accounts ("sg&a"), were $2.980 billion, or 23.4% of net sales, in 2017 compared to $2.624 billion, or 23.0% of net sales, in 2016. within sg&a, acquisition-related integration and consulting costs totaled $37.7 million in 2017. excluding these charges, sg&a was 23.1% of net sales in 2017 compared to 23.0% in 2016, as investments in growth initiatives were partially offset by continued tight cost management.
sg&a expenses were $2.624 billion, or 23.0% of net sales, in 2016 compared to $2.486 billion, or 22.3% of net sales in 2015. the increase in the sg&a rate was driven by investments in key sfs 2.0 initiatives moderated by continued tight management of costs.
distribution center costs (i.e. warehousing and fulfillment facility and associated labor costs) are classified within sg&a. this classification may differ from other companies who may report such expenses within cost of sales. due to diversity in practice, to the extent the classification of these distribution costs differs from other companies, the company's gross margins may not be comparable. such distribution costs classified in sg&a amounted to $280.1 million in 2017, $235.6 million in 2016 and $229.3 million in 2015.
corporate overhead: the corporate overhead element of sg&a and gross profit, which is not allocated to the business segments, amounted to $216.8 million in 2017, $197.2 million in 2016 and $164.0 million in 2015. the year-over-year increases in both 2017 and 2016 were primarily due to growth investments in sfs 2.0 initiatives. corporate overhead represented 1.7% of net sales in both 2017 and 2016 and 1.5% of net sales in 2015.
other, net: other, net totaled $289.7 million in 2017. excluding acquisition-related transaction costs of $58.2 million, other, net totaled $231.5 million in 2017 compared to $196.9 million in 2016 and $222.0 million in 2015. the increase in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily driven by higher amortization expense related to the 2017 acquisitions, negative impacts of foreign currency and a one-time environmental remediation charge of $17 million recorded in the first quarter of 2017 relating to a legacy black & decker site. the decrease in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily driven by lower unfavorable impacts of foreign currency and lower amortization expense, partially offset by higher acquisition due diligence costs.
gain on sales of businesses: during 2017, the company reported a $264.1 million pre-tax gain primarily relating to the sale of the majority of the mechanical security businesses, as previously discussed.
pension settlement: pension settlement of $12.2 million in 2017 reflects losses previously reported in accumulated other comprehensive loss related to a non-u.s. pension plan for which the company settled its obligation by purchasing an annuity and making lump sum payments to participants.
interest, net: net interest expense in 2017 was $182.5 million compared to $171.3 million in 2016 and $165.2 million in 2015. the increase in net interest expense in 2017 versus 2016 was primarily due to the termination of interest rate swaps in june 2016 hedging the company's fixed rate debt. the increase in net interest expense in 2016 versus 2015 was primarily due to amortization of debt issuance costs partially offset by an increase in interest income as a result of higher average cash balances during 2016.
income taxes: the company's effective tax rate was 19.7% in 2017, 21.3% in 2016, and 21.6% in 2015. the 2017 effective tax rate includes a one-time net charge of $23.6 million relating to the provisional amounts recorded in the fourth quarter of 2017 associated with the recently enacted u.s. tax legislation. the net charge primarily relates to the re-measurement of existing deferred tax balances and the one-time transition tax. excluding the impact of the divestitures, acquisition-related charges, and the one-time net charge related to the recently enacted u.s. tax legislation, the effective tax rate was 20.0% in 2017.  this effective tax rate differed from the u.s. statutory rate primarily due to a portion of the company's earnings being realized in lower-taxed foreign jurisdictions, the favorable settlement of certain income tax audits, and the acceleration of certain tax credits resulting in a tax benefit. the effective tax rate in both 2016 and 2015 differed from the u.s. statutory rate primarily due to a portion of the company's earnings being realized in lower-taxed foreign jurisdictions, adjustments to tax positions relating to undistributed foreign earnings, and reversals of valuation allowances for certain foreign and u.s. state net operating losses, which had become realizable.
business segment results the company's reportable segments are aggregations of businesses that have similar products, services and end markets, among other factors. the company utilizes segment profit which is defined as net sales minus cost of sales and sg&a inclusive of the provision for doubtful accounts (aside from corporate overhead expense), and segment profit as a percentage of net sales to assess the profitability of each segment. segment profit excludes the corporate overhead expense element of sg&a, other, net (inclusive of intangible asset amortization expense), restructuring charges and asset impairments, gains on
28
sales of businesses, pension settlement, interest income, interest expense, and income tax expense. corporate overhead is comprised of world headquarters facility expense, cost for the executive management team and the expense pertaining to certain centralized functions that benefit the entire company but are not directly attributable to the businesses, such as legal and corporate finance functions. refer to note o, restructuring charges and asset impairments, and note f, goodwill and intangible assets, for the amount of net restructuring charges and asset impairments and intangible assets amortization expense, respectively, attributable to each segment.
the company classifies its business into three reportable segments, which also represent its operating segments: tools & storage, industrial and security.
tools & storage:
the tools & storage segment is comprised of the power tools & equipment ("pte") and hand tools, accessories & storage ("htas") businesses. the pte business includes both professional and consumer products. professional products include professional grade corded and cordless electric power tools and equipment including drills, impact wrenches and drivers, grinders, saws, routers and sanders, as well as pneumatic tools and fasteners including nail guns, nails, staplers and staples, concrete and masonry anchors. consumer products include corded and cordless electric power tools sold primarily under the black+decker® brand, lawn and garden products, including hedge trimmers, string trimmers, lawn mowers, edgers and related accessories, and home products such as hand-held vacuums, paint tools and cleaning appliances. the htas business sells hand tools, power tool accessories and storage products. hand tools include measuring, leveling and layout tools, planes, hammers, demolition tools, clamps, vises, knives, saws, chisels and industrial and automotive tools. power tool accessories include drill bits, screwdriver bits, router bits, abrasives, saw blades and threading products. storage products include tool boxes, sawhorses, medical cabinets and engineered storage solution products.
(millions of dollars)            2017                2016                2015
net sales                  $8,862              $7,469              $7,141
segment profit             $1,450              $1,267              $1,170
% of net sales               16.4   %            17.0   %            16.4   %
tools & storage net sales increased $1.393 billion, or 19%, in 2017 compared to 2016. organic sales increased 9%, with strong organic growth in each of the regions, and acquisitions, primarily newell, increased net sales by 10%. north america growth was supported by share gains from strong commercial execution and market-leading innovation, including sales from the flexvolt® system, as well as a healthy u.s. tool market. europe delivered above-market organic growth enabled by successful commercial actions and new product launches. the strong organic growth in emerging markets was supported by mid-price-point product releases, higher e-commerce volumes and strong commercial execution. foreign currency increased sales by 1% while the sales of two small businesses in 2017 resulted in a 1% decrease.
segment profit amounted to $1.450 billion, or 16.4% of net sales, in 2017 compared to $1.267 billion, or 17.0% of net sales, in 2016. excluding acquisition-related charges of $81.8 million, segment profit amounted to 17.3% of net sales in 2017 compared to 17.0% in 2016, as volume leverage and productivity more than offset growth investments and increased commodity inflation.
tools & storage net sales increased $328.5 million, or 5%, in 2016 compared to 2015. organic sales increased 7% primarily due to organic growth of 7% in north america, 8% in europe, and 5% in emerging markets, while unfavorable effects of foreign currency decreased net sales by 2%. north america growth was fueled by share gains from the successful launch of the flexvolt® system, core product innovation and strong commercial execution. europe achieved above-market organic growth leveraging the benefits of new products, growth investments and an expanded retail footprint. growth in emerging markets, led by latin america and asia, was driven by successful commercial execution surrounding mid-price point products and regional pricing actions.
segment profit amounted to $1.267 billion, or 17.0% of net sales, in 2016 compared to $1.170 billion, or 16.4% of net sales, in 2015. the increase in segment profit year-over-year was primarily driven by volume leverage, price, productivity, cost management and lower commodity prices, which more than offset currency and growth investments.
industrial:
the industrial segment is comprised of the engineered fastening and infrastructure businesses. the engineered fastening business primarily sells engineered fastening products and systems designed for specific applications. the product lines include blind rivets and tools, blind inserts and tools, drawn arc weld studs and systems, engineered plastic and mechanical fasteners, self-piercing riveting systems, precision nut running systems, micro fasteners, and high-strength structural fasteners. the infrastructure business consists of the oil & gas and hydraulics businesses. the oil & gas business sells and rents custom
29
pipe handling, joint welding and coating equipment used in the construction of large and small diameter pipelines, and provides pipeline inspection services. the hydraulics business sells hydraulic tools and accessories.
(millions of dollars)            2017                2016                2015
net sales                  $1,946              $1,840              $1,938
segment profit               $352                $304                $340
% of net sales               18.1   %            16.5   %            17.5   %
industrial net sales increased $105.7 million, or 6%, in 2017 compared with 2016, due to a 6% increase in organic sales. engineered fastening organic sales increased 4% as strong automotive system shipments and volume growth in general industrial markets more than offset lower volumes within electronics. infrastructure organic sales increased 12% due to successful commercial actions and improved market conditions in the hydraulics business and higher inspection and north american onshore pipeline project activity in the oil & gas business.
segment profit totaled $352.3 million, or 18.1% of net sales, in 2017 compared to $304.4 million, or 16.5% of net sales, in 2016. the year-over-year increase in segment profit rate was primarily due to volume leverage, productivity gains and cost control.
industrial net sales decreased $97.9 million, or 5%, in 2016 compared with 2015, due to a 4% decline in organic sales and a 1% decrease from foreign currency. engineered fastening organic revenues declined 4% primarily due to weaker electronics volumes attributable to a major customer and pressured industrial volumes, which more than offset higher automotive growth. excluding the impact of the major electronics customer, engineered fastening's organic sales were slightly positive in 2016. infrastructure organic revenues decreased 5% due to a slowdown in oil & gas off-shore project activity as well as ongoing difficult scrap steel market conditions in the hydraulics business.
segment profit totaled $304.4 million, or 16.5% of net sales, in 2016 compared to $339.9 million, or 17.5% of net sales, in 2015. the year-over-year decrease in segment profit rate was primarily driven by lower volumes and currency, which more than offset productivity gains and cost control actions.
security:
the security segment is comprised of the convergent security solutions ("css") and the mechanical access solutions ("mas") businesses. the css business designs, supplies and installs commercial electronic security systems and provides electronic security services, including alarm monitoring, video surveillance, fire alarm monitoring, systems integration and system maintenance. purchasers of these systems typically contract for ongoing security systems monitoring and maintenance at the time of initial equipment installation. the business also sells healthcare solutions, which include asset tracking, infant protection, pediatric protection, patient protection, wander management, fall management, and emergency call products. the mas business primarily sells automatic doors.
(millions of dollars)            2017                2016                2015
net sales                  $1,939              $2,097              $2,093
segment profit               $212                $269                $240
% of net sales               11.0   %            12.8   %            11.4   %
security net sales decreased $158.6 million, or 8%, in 2017 compared to 2016, primarily due to a 12% decline from the sale of the majority of the mechanical security businesses. organic sales and small bolt-on commercial electronic security acquisitions provided increases of 1% and 3%, respectively. north america organic sales increased 2% on higher installation volumes within the commercial electronic security and automatic doors businesses and growth within healthcare. europe organic growth was relatively flat as strength within the u.k. and the nordics was mostly offset by anticipated ongoing weakness in france.
segment profit amounted to $212.3 million, or 11.0%, of net sales, in 2017 compared to $269.2 million, or 12.8% of net sales, in 2016. excluding acquisition-related charges of $2.0 million, segment profit amounted to 11.1% of net sales in 2017 compared to 12.8% in 2016. the decrease in segment profit year-over-year reflects an approximate 90 basis point decline related to the sale of the mechanical security businesses, as well as impacts from mix and funding growth investments.
security net sales increased $4.5 million in 2016 compared to 2015. organic sales and small bolt-on electronic acquisitions each provided increases of 1%, while foreign currency decreased net sales by 2%. europe posted positive organic growth of 2% on higher installation revenues, while north america declined 1% organically primarily due to lower sales volume within the commercial electronic security business partially offset by higher prices and volumes in the automatic doors business. the
30
security segment's organic growth in 2016 was also bolstered by double-digit growth within the emerging markets on easing comparables.
segment profit amounted to $269.2 million, or 12.8% of net sales, in 2016 compared to $239.6 million, or 11.4% of net sales, in 2015. the increase in segment profit year-over-year was mainly due to improved operating performance in both north america and europe, driven by a more disciplined assessment of new commercial opportunities, improved field productivity, and cost actions, which in the aggregate more than offset currency headwinds.
restructuring activities a summary of the restructuring reserve activity from december 31, 2016 to december 30, 2017 is as follows:
(millions of dollars)                          12/31/2016            net additions   usage                   currency            12/30/2017
severance and related costs                   $21.4                   $40.6          $(43.8      )          $1.8                $20.0
facility closures and asset impairments        14.2         10.9                     (22.1       )   0.2                3.2
total                                         $35.6                   $51.5          $(65.9      )          $2.0                $23.2
during 2017, the company recognized net restructuring charges and asset impairments of $51.5 million. this amount reflects $40.6 million of net severance charges associated with the reduction of 1,584 employees and $10.9 million of facility closure and other restructuring costs. the company expects the 2017 actions to result in annual net cost savings of approximately $45 million by the end of 2018.
the majority of the $23.2 million of reserves remaining as of december 30, 2017 is expected to be utilized within the next twelve months.
during 2016, the company recognized net restructuring charges and asset impairments of $49.0 million. this amount reflects $27.3 million of net severance charges associated with the reduction of 1,326 employees. the company also recognized $11.0 million of facility closure costs and $10.7 million of asset impairments. the 2016 actions resulted in annual net cost savings of approximately $20 million in each segment in 2017.
during 2015, the company recognized net restructuring charges and asset impairments of $47.6 million. net severance charges totaled $32.7 million relating to the reduction of approximately 1,300 employees. the company also recognized $5.1 million of facility closure costs and $9.8 million of asset impairments. the 2015 actions resulted in annual net cost savings of approximately $40 million in 2016, primarily in the industrial and security segments.
segments: the $52 million of net restructuring charges for the year ended december 30, 2017 includes: $25 million of net charges pertaining to the tools & storage segment; $8 million of net charges pertaining to the industrial segment; $18 million of net charges pertaining to the security segment; and $1 million of net charges pertaining to corporate.
the anticipated annual net cost savings of approximately $45 million related to the 2017 restructuring actions include: $20 million pertaining to the tools & storage segment; $8 million pertaining to the industrial segment; $16 million relating to the security segment; and $1 million relating to corporate.
financial condition liquidity, sources and uses of capital: the company's primary sources of liquidity are cash flows generated from operations and available lines of credit under various credit facilities. the company's cash flows are presented on a consolidated basis and include cash flows from discontinued operations in 2015.
operating activities: cash flows from operations were $1.419 billion in 2017 compared to $1.485 billion in 2016. the year-over-year decrease was primarily driven by higher cash outflows from working capital (accounts receivable, inventory, accounts payable and deferred revenue) to support outsized organic growth in the tools & storage segment, partially offset by higher earnings excluding the impacts of non-cash items (gain on sales of businesses and amortization of inventory step-up).
in 2016, cash flows from operations were $1.485 billion compared to $1.182 billion in 2015, representing a $303 million increase. the year-over-year increase was primarily due to higher earnings and cash flows from working capital.
in 2015, cash flows from operations were $1.182 billion, a $114 million decrease compared to $1.296 billion in 2014. the year-over-year decrease was primarily due to higher outflows from working capital as a result of lower than expected sales volumes in the fourth quarter of 2015.
31
free cash flow: management considers free cash flow an important indicator of its liquidity, as well as its ability to fund future growth and provide dividends to shareowners. free cash flow does not include deductions for mandatory debt service, other borrowing activity, discretionary dividends on the company's common stock and business acquisitions, among other items.
(millions of dollars)                                2017   2016                2015
net cash provided by operating activities      $1,419              $1,485              $1,182
less: capital and software expenditures          (443   )            (347   )            (311   )
free cash flow                                   $976              $1,138                $871
investing activities: cash flows used in investing activities totaled $2.289 billion in 2017, primarily due to business acquisitions of $2.601 billion, mainly related to the newell tools and craftsman acquisitions, and capital and software expenditures of $443 million, partially offset by net cash proceeds from sales of businesses of $757 million. the increase in capital and software expenditures in 2017 was due to growth in the company's supply chain and investments related to functional transformation.
cash flows used in investing activities in 2016 totaled $284 million, which primarily consisted of capital and software expenditures of $347 million and business acquisitions of $59 million, partially offset by $105 million of cash proceeds related to net investment hedge settlements, which were primarily driven by the significant fluctuations in foreign currency rates during 2016 associated with foreign exchange contracts hedging a portion of the company's pound sterling, canadian dollar, and euro denominated net investments.
cash flows used in investing activities in 2015 totaled $205 million, which primarily consisted of capital and software expenditures of $311 million partially offset by $138 million of cash proceeds related to net investment hedge settlements, which were primarily driven by the significant fluctuations in foreign currency rates during 2015 associated with foreign exchange contracts hedging a portion of the company's pound sterling and canadian dollar denominated net investments.
financing activities: cash flows provided by financing activities totaled $295 million in 2017 mainly due to $726 million in proceeds from the issuance of equity units, partially offset by $363 million of cash dividend payments. the higher dividend payments in 2017 were driven by the increase in quarterly dividends per common share to $0.63. the dividend paid in december 2017 to shareholders of record extended the company's record for the longest consecutive annual and quarterly dividend payments among industrial companies listed on the new york stock exchange.
cash flows used in financing activities totaled $433 million in 2016 primarily due to share repurchases of $374 million, cash payments for dividends of $331 million, and the settlement of the october 2014 forward share purchase contract for $147 million, partially offset by proceeds from issuances of common stock of $419 million, which mainly related to the issuance of 3.5 million shares associated with the settlement of the 2013 equity purchase contracts.
cash flows used in financing activities in 2015 totaled $876 million, primarily due to the repurchase of 6.6 million common shares for $650 million and cash payments for dividends of $320 million, partially offset by proceeds from issuances of common stock of $164 million, which mainly related to the exercises of stock options. the company also paid approximately $34 million in december 2015 to purchase the remaining 40% interest in gq.
fluctuations in foreign currency rates positively impacted cash by $81 million in 2017 due to the weakening of the u.s. dollar against the company's other currencies. foreign currency negatively impacted cash by $102 million and $133 million in 2016 and 2015, respectively, due to the strengthening of the u.s. dollar during those years.
refer to note h, long-term debt and financing arrangements, and note j, capital stock, for further discussion regarding the company's debt and equity arrangements.
credit ratings and liquidity:
the company maintains strong investment grade credit ratings from the major u.s. rating agencies on its senior unsecured debt (s&p a, fitch a-, moody's baa1), as well as its commercial paper program (s&p a-1, fitch f2, moody's p-2). there have been no changes to any of the ratings during 2017.  failure to maintain strong investment grade rating levels could adversely affect the company's cost of funds, liquidity and access to capital markets, but would not have an adverse effect on the company's ability to access its existing committed credit facilities.
32
cash and cash equivalents totaled $638 million as of december 30, 2017, comprised of $54 million in the u.s. and $584 million in foreign jurisdictions. as of december 31, 2016, cash and cash equivalents totaled $1.132 billion, which was predominantly held in foreign jurisdictions.
as a result of the tax cuts and jobs act signed into law on december 22, 2017 (the "act"), the company recorded a provisional tax liability of $466 million for the one-time transition tax associated with unremitted foreign earnings and profits, which includes $5 million of foreign withholding taxes that will become payable upon distribution. the company is still analyzing certain aspects of the act and refining its estimate, which may change materially due to changes in interpretations and assumptions the company has made, new guidance that may be issued in the future, and actions the company may take as a result of the new legislation. the act permits a u.s. company to elect to pay the net tax liability interest-free over a period of up to eight years. see the contractual obligations table below for the estimated amounts due by period. the company has considered the implications of paying the required one-time transition tax, and believes it will not have a material impact on its liquidity. the company is continuing to evaluate the impact of remitting foreign earnings and profits and may adjust its provisional estimate, upon completion of its evaluation, in its consolidated financial statements within the measurement period provided for in staff accounting bulletin no. 118 ("sab 118"). refer to note a, significant accounting policies, for further discussion of sab 118, and note q, income taxes, for further discussion of the impacts of the act.
in may 2017, the company issued 7,500,000 equity units with a total notional value of $750.0 million ("$750 million equity units"). each unit has a stated amount of $100 and initially consisted of a three-year forward stock purchase contract for the purchase of a variable number of shares of common stock, on may 15, 2020, for a price of $100, and a 10% beneficial ownership interest in one share of 0% series c cumulative perpetual convertible preferred stock, without par, with a liquidation preference of $1,000 per share ("series c preferred stock"). the company received approximately $727.5 million in cash proceeds from the $750 million equity units, net of underwriting costs and commissions, before offering expenses, and issued 750,000 shares of series c preferred stock, recording $750.0 million in preferred stock. the proceeds were used for general corporate purposes, including repayment of short-term borrowings. the company also used $25.1 million of the proceeds to enter into capped call transactions utilized to hedge potential economic dilution.
in january 2017, the company amended its existing $2.0 billion commercial paper program to increase the maximum amount of notes authorized to be issued to $3.0 billion and to include euro denominated borrowings in addition to u.s. dollars. as of december 30, 2017, the company had no borrowings outstanding against the $3.0 billion commercial paper program. at december 31, 2016, the company had no borrowings outstanding against the company's $2.0 billion commercial paper program.
the company has a five-year $1.75 billion committed credit facility (the "credit agreement"). borrowings under the credit agreement may include u.s. dollars up to the $1.75 billion commitment or in euro or pounds sterling subject to a foreign currency sub-limit of $400.0 million and bear interest at a floating rate dependent upon the denomination of the borrowing. repayments must be made on december 18, 2020 or upon an earlier termination date of the credit agreement, at the election of the company. the credit agreement is designated to be a liquidity back-stop for the company's $3.0 billion u.s. dollar and euro commercial paper program. as of december 30, 2017 and december 31, 2016, the company has not drawn on this commitment.
the company also has a 364-day $1.25 billion committed credit facility (the "2017 credit agreement") executed in december 2017. the 2017 credit agreement consists of a $1.25 billion revolving credit loan and a sub-limit of an amount equal to the euro equivalent of $400 million for swing line advances. borrowings under the 2017 credit agreement may be made in u.s. dollars or euros, pursuant to the terms of the agreement, and bear interest at a floating rate dependent on the denomination of the borrowing. repayments must be made by december 19, 2018 or upon an earlier termination of the 2017 credit agreement at the election of the company. the company also has the option at the termination date to convert all advances into a term loan provided certain requirements are met. the 2017 credit agreement serves as a liquidity back-stop for the company's $3.0 billion u.s. dollar and euro commercial paper program. as of december 30, 2017, the company had not drawn on this commitment.
in january 2017, the company executed a 364-day $1.3 billion committed credit facility which consisted of a $1.3 billion revolving credit loan and a sub-limit of an amount equal to the euro equivalent of $400 million for swing line advances. borrowings under this credit agreement could be made in u.s. dollars or euros, pursuant to the terms of the agreement, and bore interest at a floating rate dependent on the denomination of the borrowing. this credit agreement was terminated in december 2017 at the election of the company.
33
in addition, the company has short-term lines of credit that are primarily uncommitted, with numerous banks, aggregating $624.9 million, of which $429.8 million was available at december 30, 2017. short-term arrangements are reviewed annually for renewal.
at december 30, 2017, the aggregate amount of committed and uncommitted, long- and short-term lines was $3.6 billion. at december 30, 2017, $5.3 million was recorded as short-term borrowings and amounts outstanding against uncommitted lines excluding commercial paper. in addition, $195.1 million of the short-term credit lines was utilized primarily pertaining to outstanding letters of credit for which there are no required or reported debt balances. the weighted-average interest rates on u.s. dollar denominated short-term borrowings, primarily commercial paper, for the fiscal years ended december 30, 2017 and december 31, 2016 were 1.2% and 0.6%, respectively. the weighted-average interest rates on euro denominated short-term borrowings, primarily commercial paper, for fiscal year ended december 30, 2017 was negative 0.3%.
in march 2015, the company entered into a forward share purchase contract with a financial institution counterparty for 3,645,510 shares of common stock. the contract obligates the company to pay $350.0 million, plus an additional amount related to the forward component of the contract. in november 2016, the company amended the settlement date to april 2019, or earlier at the company's option.
in october 2014, the company entered into a forward share purchase contract on its common stock. the contract obligated the company to pay $150.0 million, plus an additional amount related to the forward component of the contract, to the financial institution counterparty not later than october 2016, or earlier at the company's option, for the 1,603,822 shares purchased. in october 2016, the company physically settled the contract, receiving 1,603,822 shares for a settlement amount of $147.4 million.
on february 10, 2015, the company net-share settled 9.1 million of the 12.2 million capped call options on its common stock and received 911,077 shares using an average reference price of $96.46 per common share. additionally, the company purchased 3,381,162 shares directly from the counterparties participating in the net-share settlement of the capped call options for $326.1 million, equating to an average price of $96.46 per share. in february 2016, the company net-share settled the remaining 3.1 million capped call options on its common stock and received 293,142 shares using an average reference price of $94.34 per common share. additionally, the company purchased 1,316,858 shares directly from the counterparty participating in the net-share settlement for $124.2 million. the company also repurchased 2,446,287 shares of common stock in february 2016 for $230.9 million, equating to an average price of $94.34.
in december 2013, the company issued $400.0 million 5.75% fixed-to-floating rate junior subordinated debentures maturing december 15, 2053 ("2053 junior subordinated debentures") that bear interest at a fixed rate of 5.75% per annum, up to, but excluding december 15, 2018. from and including december 15, 2018, the 2053 junior subordinated debentures will bear interest at an annual rate equal to three-month libor plus 4.304%. the debentures subordination and long tenor provides significant credit protection measures for senior creditors and as a result, the debentures were awarded a 50% equity credit by s&p and fitch, and 25% equity credit by moody's. the net proceeds from the offering were primarily used to repay commercial paper borrowings.
in december 2013, the company issued 3,450,000 equity units (the "equity units"), each with a stated value of $100. the equity units were initially comprised of a 1/10, or 10%, undivided beneficial ownership in a $1,000 principal amount 2.25% junior subordinated note due 2018 (the "2018 junior subordinated note") and a forward common stock purchase contract (the "equity purchase contract"). the company received approximately $334.7 million in cash proceeds from the equity units, net of underwriting discounts and commissions, before offering expenses, and recorded $345.0 million for the 2018 junior subordinated note in long-term debt. the $345.0 million aggregate principal amount is due on november 17, 2018, and is included in current maturities of long-term debt as of december 30, 2017, on the consolidated balance sheets. the proceeds from the equity units were used primarily to repay commercial paper borrowings. the company also used $9.7 million of the proceeds to enter into capped call transactions utilized to hedge potential economic dilution associated with the common shares issuable upon settlement of the equity purchase contracts. the company successfully remarketed the 2018 junior subordinated note on november 17, 2016 ("subordinated notes"), which resulted in the interest rate being reset, effective on the settlement date, to a rate of 1.622% per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on may 17 and november 17 of each year, commencing may 17, 2017 and maturing on november 17, 2018. following settlement of the remarketing, the subordinated notes remain the company's direct, unsecured general obligations and are subordinated and junior in right of payment to the company's existing and future senior indebtedness, but the subordinated notes rank senior in right of payment to specified junior indebtedness on the terms and to the extent set forth in the indentures governing such junior indebtedness. in addition, the company settled all equity purchase contracts on november 17, 2016 by issuing 3,504,165 common shares and receiving $345.0 million in cash proceeds, generated from the remarketing described above. lastly, in october and november 2016, the
34
company's capped call options on its common stock expired and were net-share settled resulting in the company receiving 418,234 shares of common stock.
in november 2010, the company issued 6,325,000 convertible preferred units (the "convertible preferred units"), each with a stated amount of $100. the convertible preferred units were comprised of a 1/10, or 10%, undivided beneficial ownership in a $1,000 principal amount junior subordinated note (the "note") and a purchase contract (the "purchase contract") obligating holders to purchase one share of the company's 4.75% series b perpetual cumulative convertible preferred stock (the "convertible preferred stock"). the company successfully remarketed the notes on november 5, 2015, which resulted in the interest rate on the notes being reset, effective on the november 17, 2015 settlement date of the remarketing, to a rate of 2.45% per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on may 17 and november 17 of each year, commencing may 17, 2016. following settlement of the remarketing, the notes remain the company's direct, unsecured general obligations subordinated and junior in right of payment to the company's existing and future senior indebtedness, but the notes rank senior in right of payment to specified junior indebtedness on the terms and to the extent set forth in the indentures governing such junior indebtedness. in addition, the company settled the purchase contracts on november 17, 2015 by issuing 6.3 million shares of convertible preferred stock and receiving cash proceeds of $632.5 million. on november 18, 2015, the company informed holders that it would redeem all outstanding shares of convertible preferred stock on december 24, 2015 (the "redemption date") at $100.49 per share in cash (the "redemption price"), which was equal to the liquidation preference of $100 per share of convertible preferred stock, plus all accrued and unpaid dividends thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date. the company redeemed the convertible preferred stock and settled all conversions on december 24, 2015 by paying cash for the $100 par value per share of convertible preferred stock, or $632.5 million in total, and issuing 2.9 million common shares for the excess value of the conversion feature above the $100 face value per share of convertible preferred stock. the $632.5 million principal amount of the notes is due november 17, 2018, and is included in current maturities of long-term debt as of december 30, 2017, on the consolidated balance sheets.
refer to note h, long-term debt and financing arrangements, and note j, capital stock, for further discussion regarding the company's debt and equity arrangements.
contractual obligations: the following table summarizes the company's significant contractual obligations and commitments that impact its liquidity:
payments due by period
(millions of dollars)                             total                2018             2019-2020       2021-2022             thereafter long-term debt (a)                           $3,857                $984                 $13             $1,160                $1,700
interest payments on long-term debt (b)       3,078                 152                 266                   248             2,412
operating leases                                473                 125                 166                    93                    89
inventory purchase commitments (c)              410                 410                   -             -                     -
deferred compensation                            26                   1                   3                     1                    21
marketing obligations                            51                  31                  20             -                     -
derivatives (d)                                  96                  91                   5             -                     -
forward stock purchase contract (e)             350                   -                 350             -                     -
pension funding obligations (f)                  41                  41                   -             -                     -
contract adjustment fees (g)                    101                  40                  61             -                     -
purchase price (h)                              250                   -                 250             -                     -
u.s. income tax (i)                             466                  36                  73                    73                   284
total contractual cash obligations           $9,199              $1,911              $1,207             $1,575                $4,506
(a)   future payments on long-term debt encompass all payments related to aggregate debt maturities, excluding certain fair value adjustments included in long-term debt, as discussed further in note h, long-term debt and financing arrangements.
(b)   future interest payments on long-term debt reflect the applicable fixed interest rate or variable rate for floating rate debt in effect at december 30, 2017.
(c)   inventory purchase commitments primarily consist of open purchase orders to purchase raw materials, components, and sourced products.
(d)   future cash flows on derivative instruments reflect the fair value and accrued interest as of december 30, 2017. the ultimate cash flows on these instruments will differ, perhaps significantly, based on applicable market interest and foreign currency rates at their maturity.
35
(e)   in march 2015, the company entered into a forward share purchase contract with a financial institution counterparty which obligates the company to pay $350 million, plus an additional amount related to the forward component of the contract. in november 2016, the company amended the final settlement date to april 2019, or earlier at the company's option. see note j, capital stock, for further discussion.
(f)   this amount principally represents contributions either required by regulations or laws or, with respect to unfunded plans, necessary to fund current benefits. the company has not presented estimated pension and post-retirement funding beyond 2018 as funding can vary significantly from year to year based upon changes in the fair value of the plan assets, actuarial assumptions, and curtailment/settlement actions.
(g)   these amounts represent future contract adjustment payments to holders of the company's 2020 purchase contracts. see note j, capital stock, for further discussion.
(h)   the company acquired the craftsman® brand from sears holdings in march 2017. as part of the purchase price, the company is obligated to pay $250 million in march 2020. see note e, acquisitions, for further discussion.
(i)   provisional income tax liability for the one-time deemed repatriation tax on unremitted foreign earnings and profits, including foreign withholding taxes of $5 million which will become payable upon distribution.
to the extent the company can reliably determine when payments will occur, the related amounts will be included in the table above. however, due to the high degree of uncertainty regarding the timing of potential future cash flows associated with the contingent consideration liability of $114 million related to the craftsman acquisition and the unrecognized tax liabilities of $458 million at december 30, 2017, the company is unable to make a reliable estimate of when (if at all) these amounts may be paid. refer to note e, acquisitions, and note q, income taxes, for further discussion.
payments of the above contractual obligations (with the exception of payments related to debt principal, the forward stock purchase contract, contract adjustment fees, the march 2020 purchase price, and tax obligations) will typically generate a cash tax benefit such that the net cash outflow will be lower than the gross amounts summarized above.
other significant commercial commitments:
amount of commitment expirations per period
(millions of dollars)        total            2018                             2019-2020        2021-2022              thereafter u.s. lines of credit         $3,000                   $1,250                $1,750              $-                     $-
short-term borrowings, long-term debt and lines of credit are explained in detail within note h, long-term debt and financing arrangements.
market risk market risk is the potential economic loss that may result from adverse changes in the fair value of financial instruments, currencies, commodities and other items traded in global markets. the company is exposed to market risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, stock prices, bond prices and commodity prices, amongst others.
exposure to foreign currency risk results because the company, through its global businesses, enters into transactions and makes investments denominated in multiple currencies. the company's predominant currency exposures are related to the euro, canadian dollar, british pound, australian dollar, brazilian real, argentine peso, chinese renminbi ("rmb") and the taiwan dollar. certain cross-currency trade flows arising from both trade and affiliate sales and purchases are consolidated and netted prior to obtaining risk protection through the use of various derivative financial instruments which may include: purchased basket options, purchased options, collars, cross-currency swaps and currency forwards. the company is thus able to capitalize on its global positioning by taking advantage of naturally offsetting exposures and portfolio efficiencies to reduce the cost of purchasing derivative protection. at times, the company also enters into foreign exchange derivative contracts to reduce the earnings and cash flow impact of non-functional currency denominated receivables and payables, primarily for affiliate transactions. gains and losses from these hedging instruments offset the gains or losses on the underlying net exposures. management determines the nature and extent of currency hedging activities, and in certain cases, may elect to allow certain currency exposures to remain un-hedged. the company may also enter into cross-currency swaps and forward contracts to hedge the net investments in certain subsidiaries and better match the cash flows of operations to debt service requirements. management estimates the foreign currency impact from its derivative financial instruments outstanding at the end of 2017 would have been an incremental pre-tax loss of approximately $50 million based on a hypothetical 10% adverse movement in all net derivative currency positions. the company follows risk management policies in executing derivative financial instrument transactions, and does not use such instruments for speculative purposes. the company generally does not hedge the translation of its non-u.s. dollar earnings in foreign subsidiaries, but may choose to do so in certain instances in future periods.
36
as mentioned above, the company routinely has cross-border trade and affiliate flows that cause an impact on earnings from foreign exchange rate movements. the company is also exposed to currency fluctuation volatility from the translation of foreign earnings into u.s. dollars and the economic impact of foreign currency volatility on monetary assets held in foreign currencies. it is more difficult to quantify the transactional effects from currency fluctuations than the translational effects. aside from the use of derivative instruments, which may be used to mitigate some of the exposure, transactional effects can potentially be influenced by actions the company may take. for example, if an exposure occurs from a european entity sourcing product from a u.s. supplier it may be possible to change to a european supplier. management estimates the combined translational and transactional impact, on pre-tax earnings, of a 10% overall movement in exchange rates is approximately $147 million, or approximately $0.77 per diluted share. in 2017, translational and transactional foreign currency fluctuations negatively impacted pre-tax earnings by approximately $12.4 million and diluted earnings per share by approximately $0.07.
the company's exposure to interest rate risk results from its outstanding debt and derivative obligations, short-term investments, and derivative financial instruments employed in the management of its debt portfolio. the debt portfolio including both trade and affiliate debt, is managed to achieve capital structure targets and reduce the overall cost of borrowing by using a combination of fixed and floating rate debt as well as interest rate swaps, and cross-currency swaps.
the company's primary exposure to interest rate risk comes from its floating rate debt in the u.s. which is based on libor rates. at december 30, 2017, the impact of a hypothetical 10% increase in the interest rates associated with the company's floating rate debt instruments would have an immaterial effect on the company's financial position and results of operations.
the company has exposure to commodity prices in many businesses, particularly brass, nickel, resin, aluminum, copper, zinc, steel, and energy used in the production of finished goods. generally, commodity price exposures are not hedged with derivative financial instruments, but instead are actively managed through customer product and service pricing actions, procurement-driven cost reduction initiatives and other productivity improvement projects.
fluctuations in the fair value of the company's common stock affect domestic retirement plan expense as discussed below in the employee stock ownership plan ("esop") section of md&a. additionally, the company has $87 million of liabilities as of december 30, 2017 pertaining to unfunded defined contribution plans for certain u.s. employees for which there is mark-to-market exposure.
the assets held by the company's defined benefit plans are exposed to fluctuations in the market value of securities, primarily global stocks and fixed-income securities. the funding obligations for these plans would increase in the event of adverse changes in the plan asset values, although such funding would occur over a period of many years. in 2017, 2016, and 2015, investment returns on pension plan assets resulted in a $217 million increase, a $260 million increase, and an $11 million decrease, respectively. the company expects funding obligations on its defined benefit plans to be approximately $41 million in 2018. the company employs diversified asset allocations to help mitigate this risk. management has worked to minimize this exposure by freezing and terminating defined benefit plans where appropriate.
the company has access to financial resources and borrowing capabilities around the world. there are no instruments within the debt structure that would accelerate payment requirements due to a change in credit rating.
the company's existing credit facilities and sources of liquidity, including operating cash flows, are considered more than adequate to conduct business as normal. accordingly, based on present conditions and past history, management believes it is unlikely that operations will be materially affected by any potential deterioration of the general credit markets that may occur. the company believes that its strong financial position, operating cash flows, committed long-term credit facilities and borrowing capacity, and ability to access equity markets, provide the financial flexibility necessary to continue its record of annual dividend payments, to invest in the routine needs of its businesses, to make strategic acquisitions and to fund other initiatives encompassed by its growth strategy and maintain its strong investment grade credit ratings.
other matters employee stock ownership plan as detailed in note l, employee benefit plans, the company has an esop under which the ongoing u.s. core and 401(k) defined contribution plans are funded. overall esop expense is affected by the market value of the company's stock on the monthly dates when shares are released, among other factors. the company's net esop activity resulted in expense of $1.3 million in 2017, income of $3.1 million in 2016, and expense of $0.8 million in 2015. esop expense could increase in the future if the market value of the company's common stock declines.
critical accounting estimates - preparation of the company's consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. significant accounting policies used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are described in note a,
37
significant accounting policies. management believes the most complex and sensitive judgments, because of their significance to the consolidated financial statements, result primarily from the need to make estimates about the effects of matters with inherent uncertainty. the most significant areas involving management estimates are described below. actual results in these areas could differ from management's estimates.
allowance for doubtful accounts - the company's estimate for its allowance for doubtful accounts related to trade receivables is based on two methods. the amounts calculated from each of these methods are combined to determine the total amount reserved. first, a specific reserve is established for individual accounts where information indicates the customers may have an inability to meet financial obligations. in these cases, management uses its judgment, based on the surrounding facts and circumstances, to record a specific reserve for those customers against amounts due to reduce the receivable to the amount expected to be collected. these specific reserves are reevaluated and adjusted as additional information is received. second, a reserve is determined for all customers based on a range of percentages applied to receivable aging categories. these percentages are based on historical collection and write-off experience.
if circumstances change, for example, due to the occurrence of higher-than-expected defaults or a significant adverse change in a major customer's ability to meet its financial obligation to the company, estimates of the recoverability of receivable amounts due could be reduced.
inventories - lower of cost or market, slow moving and obsolete - inventories in the u.s. are primarily valued at the lower of last-in first-out ("lifo") cost or market, while non-u.s. inventories are primarily valued at the lower of first-in, first-out ("fifo") cost and net realizable value. the calculation of lifo reserves, and therefore the net inventory valuation, is affected by inflation and deflation in inventory components. the company continually reviews the carrying value of discontinued product lines and stock-keeping-units ("skus") to determine that these items are properly valued. the company also continually evaluates the composition of its inventory and identifies obsolete and/or slow-moving inventories. inventory items identified as obsolete and/or slow-moving are evaluated to determine if write-downs are required. the company assesses the ability to dispose of these inventories at a price greater than cost. if it is determined that cost is less than market or net realizable value, as applicable, cost is used for inventory valuation. if market value or net realizable value, as applicable, is less than cost, the company writes down the related inventory to that value.
goodwill and intangible assets - the company acquires businesses in purchase transactions that result in the recognition of goodwill and intangible assets. the determination of the value of intangible assets requires management to make estimates and assumptions. in accordance with asc 350-20, goodwill, acquired goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized but are subject to impairment testing at least annually or when an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate it is more likely than not an impairment exists. definite-lived intangible assets are amortized and are tested for impairment when an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate it is more likely than not that an impairment exists. goodwill represents costs in excess of fair values assigned to the underlying net assets of acquired businesses. at december 30, 2017, the company reported $8.776 billion of goodwill, $2.206 billion of indefinite-lived trade names and $1.302 billion of net definite-lived intangibles.
management tests goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level. a reporting unit is an operating segment as defined in asc 280, segment reporting, or one level below an operating segment (component level) as determined by the availability of discrete financial information that is regularly reviewed by operating segment management or an aggregate of component levels of an operating segment having similar economic characteristics. if the carrying value of a reporting unit (including the value of goodwill) is greater than its estimated fair value, an impairment may exist. an impairment charge would be recorded to the extent that the recorded value of goodwill exceeded the implied fair value.
as required by the company's policy, goodwill was tested for impairment in the third quarter of 2017. beginning in 2013, the company adopted asu 2011-08, intangibles - goodwill and other (topic 350): testing goodwill for impairment, for its goodwill impairment testing. asu 2011-08 permits companies to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform the two-step quantitative goodwill impairment test. under the two-step quantitative goodwill impairment test, the fair value of the reporting unit is compared to its respective carrying amount including goodwill. if the fair value exceeds the carrying amount, then no impairment exists. if the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, further analysis is performed to assess impairment. such tests are completed separately with respect to the goodwill of each of the company's reporting units. accordingly, the company applied the qualitative assessment for two of its reporting units, while performing the quantitative test for three of its reporting units. based on the results of the annual impairment testing performed in the third quarter of 2017, the company determined that the fair values of each of its reporting units exceeded their respective carrying amounts.
38
in performing the qualitative assessments, the company identified and considered the significance of relevant key factors, events, and circumstances that could affect the fair value of each reporting unit. these factors include external factors such as macroeconomic, industry, and market conditions, as well as entity-specific factors, such as actual and planned financial performance. the company also assessed changes in each reporting unit's fair value and carrying value since the most recent date a fair value measurement was performed. as a result of the qualitative assessments performed, the company concluded that it is more likely than not that the fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its respective carrying value and therefore, no additional quantitative impairment testing was performed.
with respect to the quantitative tests, the company assessed the fair values of the three reporting units based on a discounted cash flow valuation model. the key assumptions applied to the cash flow projections were discount rates, which ranged from 8.5% to 9.0%, near-term revenue growth rates over the next five years, which represented cumulative annual growth rates ranging from approximately 4% to 7%, and perpetual growth rates of 3%. these assumptions contemplated business, market and overall economic conditions. based on the results of this testing, the company determined that the fair values of each of the three reporting units exceeded their respective carrying amounts. furthermore, management performed sensitivity analyses on the estimated fair values from the discounted cash flow valuation models utilizing more conservative assumptions that reflect reasonably likely future changes in the discount rate and perpetual growth rate. the discount rate was increased by 100 basis points with no impairment indicated. the perpetual growth rate was decreased by 150 basis points with no impairment indicated.
as previously disclosed in the company's form 10-q for the third quarter of 2017, the fair value of the infrastructure reporting unit exceeded its carrying amount by 18%. in connection with the preparation of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended december 30, 2017, the company performed an updated impairment analysis with respect to the infrastructure reporting unit, which included approximately $271 million of goodwill at year-end. based on this analysis, which included updated assumptions of near-term revenue and profitability levels, it was determined that the fair value of the infrastructure reporting unit exceeded its carrying value by 37%. the increase in excess fair value is reflective of an improved near-term outlook due to solid results in 2017, including robust organic growth of 12%. management remains confident in the long-term viability and success of the infrastructure reporting unit based on its leading market position in its respective industries and the company's continued commitment to, and investments in, organic growth initiatives (including solid progress being made with respect to breakthrough innovation projects under sfs 2.0).
the company also tested its indefinite-lived trade names for impairment during the third quarter of 2017, utilizing both qualitative assessments and quantitative tests. for the qualitative assessments, the company identified and considered the significance of relevant key factors, events, and circumstances that could affect the fair value of each trade name. these factors primarily included macroeconomic, industry, and market conditions, as well as the trade names' actual and planned financial performance. as a result of the qualitative assessments performed, the company concluded that it is more likely than not that the fair values of the trade names exceeded their respective carrying values and therefore, no additional quantitative impairment testing was performed. for the quantitative impairment tests, the company utilized a discounted cash flow model. the key assumptions used included discount rates, royalty rates, and perpetual growth rates applied to the projected sales. based on these quantitative impairment tests, the company determined that the fair values of the indefinite-lived trade names exceeded their respective carrying amounts.
in the event that future operating results of any of the company's reporting units or indefinite-lived trade names do not meet current expectations, management, based upon conditions at the time, would consider taking restructuring or other strategic actions, as necessary, to maximize revenue growth and profitability. a thorough analysis of all the facts and circumstances existing at that time would need to be performed to determine if recording an impairment loss would be appropriate.
defined benefit obligations - the valuation of pension and other postretirement benefits costs and obligations is dependent on various assumptions. these assumptions, which are updated annually, include discount rates, expected return on plan assets, future salary increase rates, and health care cost trend rates. the company considers current market conditions, including interest rates, to establish these assumptions. discount rates are developed considering the yields available on high-quality fixed income investments with maturities corresponding to the duration of the related benefit obligations. the company's weighted-average discount rates used to determine benefit obligations at december 30, 2017 for the united states and international pension plans were 3.53% and 2.24%, respectively. the company's weighted-average discount rates used to determine benefit obligations at december 31, 2016 for the united states and international pension plans were 3.95% and 2.38%, respectively. as discussed further in note l, employee benefit plans, the company develops the expected return on plan assets considering various factors, which include its targeted asset allocation percentages, historic returns, and expected future returns. the company's expected rate of return assumptions for the united states and international pension plans were 6.25% and 4.41%, respectively, at december 30, 2017. the company will use a 5.30% weighted-average expected rate of return assumption to determine the 2018 net periodic benefit cost. a 25 basis point reduction in the expected rate of return assumption would increase 2018 net periodic benefit cost by approximately $5 million on a pre-tax basis.
39
the company believes that the assumptions used are appropriate; however, differences in actual experience or changes in the assumptions may materially affect the company's financial position or results of operations. to the extent that actual (newly measured) results differ from the actuarial assumptions, the difference is recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss, and, if in excess of a specified corridor, amortized over future periods. the expected return on plan assets is determined using the expected rate of return and the fair value of plan assets. accordingly, market fluctuations in the fair value of plan assets can affect the net periodic benefit cost in the following year. the projected benefit obligation for defined benefit plans exceeded the fair value of plan assets by $650 million at december 30, 2017. a 25 basis point reduction in the discount rate would have increased the projected benefit obligation by approximately $98 million at december 30, 2017. the primary black & decker u.s pension and post employment benefit plans were curtailed in late 2010, as well as the only material black & decker international plan, and in their place the company implemented defined contribution benefit plans. the vast majority of the projected benefit obligation pertains to plans that have been frozen; the remaining defined benefit plans that are not frozen are predominantly small domestic union plans and those that are statutorily mandated in certain international jurisdictions. the company recognized $19 million of defined benefit plan expense in 2017, which may fluctuate in future years depending upon various factors including future discount rates and actual returns on plan assets.
environmental - the company incurs costs related to environmental issues as a result of various laws and regulations governing current operations as well as the remediation of previously contaminated sites. the company's policy is to accrue environmental investigatory and remediation costs for identified sites when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. the amount of liability recorded is based on an evaluation of currently available facts with respect to each individual site and includes such factors as existing technology, presently enacted laws and regulations, and prior experience in remediation of contaminated sites. the liabilities recorded do not take into account any claims for recoveries from insurance or third parties. as assessments and remediation progress at individual sites, the amounts recorded are reviewed periodically and adjusted to reflect additional technical and legal information that becomes available.
as of december 30, 2017, the company had reserves of $176.1 million for remediation activities associated with company-owned properties as well as for superfund sites, for losses that are probable and estimable. the range of environmental remediation costs that is reasonably possible is $143.4 million to $277.1 million which is subject to change in the near term. the company may be liable for environmental remediation of sites it no longer owns. liabilities have been recorded on those sites in accordance with this policy.
income taxes - the company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method in accordance with asc 740, income taxes, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements. deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial statements and tax basis of assets and liabilities using the enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. any changes in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.
the company records net deferred tax assets to the extent that it is more likely than not that these assets will be realized. in making this determination, management considers all available positive and negative evidence, including future reversals of existing temporary differences, estimates of future taxable income, tax-planning strategies, and the realizability of net operating loss carryforwards. in the event that it is determined that an asset is not more likely that not to be realized, a valuation allowance is recorded against the asset. valuation allowances related to deferred tax assets can be impacted by changes to tax laws, changes to statutory tax rates and future taxable income levels. in the event the company were to determine that it would not be able to realize all or a portion of its deferred tax assets in the future, the unrealizable amount would be charged to earnings in the period in which that determination is made. conversely, if the company were to determine that it would be able to realize deferred tax assets in the future in excess of the net carrying amounts, it would decrease the recorded valuation allowance through a favorable adjustment to earnings in the period that the determination was made.
the company records uncertain tax positions in accordance with asc 740, which requires a two-step process. first, management determines whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained based on the technical merits of the position and second, for those tax positions that meet the more likely than not threshold, management recognizes the largest amount of the tax benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the related taxing authority. the company maintains an accounting policy of recording interest and penalties on uncertain tax positions as a component of income taxes on continuing operations in the consolidated statements of operations.
the company is subject to income tax in a number of locations, including many state and foreign jurisdictions. significant judgment is required when calculating the worldwide provision for income taxes. many factors are considered when evaluating and estimating the company's tax positions and tax benefits, which may require periodic adjustments and which may not accurately anticipate actual outcomes. it is reasonably possible that the amount of the unrecognized benefit with respect to
40
certain of the company's unrecognized tax positions will significantly increase or decrease within the next twelve months. these changes may be the result of settlements of ongoing audits or final decisions in transfer pricing matters. the company periodically assesses its liabilities and contingencies for all tax years still subject to audit based on the most current available information, which involves inherent uncertainty.
on december 22, 2017, the u.s. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the tax cuts and jobs act (the "act"). the act contains a new tax law that may subject the company to a tax on global intangible low-taxed income ("gilti") beginning in 2018. gilti is a tax on foreign income in excess of a deemed return on tangible assets of foreign corporations. companies subject to gilti have the option to account for the gilti tax as a period cost if and when incurred, or to recognize deferred taxes for temporary differences including outside basis differences expected to reverse as gilti. the company has elected to account for gilti as a period cost.
additional information regarding income taxes is available in note q, income taxes.
risk insurance - to manage its insurance costs efficiently, the company self insures for certain u.s. business exposures and generally has low deductible plans internationally. for domestic workers' compensation, automobile and product liability (liability for alleged injuries associated with the company's products), the company generally purchases insurance coverage only for severe losses that are unlikely, and these lines of insurance involve the most significant accounting estimates. while different self insured retentions, in the form of deductibles and self insurance through its captive insurance company, exist for each of these lines of insurance, the maximum self insured retention is set at no more than $5 million per occurrence. the process of establishing risk insurance reserves includes consideration of actuarial valuations that reflect the company's specific loss history, actual claims reported, and industry trends among statistical and other factors to estimate the range of reserves required. risk insurance reserves are comprised of specific reserves for individual claims and additional amounts expected for development of these claims, as well as for incurred but not yet reported claims discounted to present value. the cash outflows related to risk insurance claims are expected to occur over a period of approximately 14 years. the company believes the liabilities recorded for these u.s. risk insurance reserves, totaling $87 million and $89 million as of december 30, 2017, and december 31, 2016, respectively, are adequate. due to judgments inherent in the reserve estimation process, it is possible the ultimate costs will differ from this estimate.
warranty - the company provides product and service warranties which vary across its businesses. the types of warranties offered generally range from one year to limited lifetime, and certain branded products recently acquired carry a lifetime warranty. there are also certain products with no warranty. further, the company sometimes incurs discretionary costs to service its products in connection with product performance issues. historical warranty and service claim experience forms the basis for warranty obligations recognized. adjustments are recorded to the warranty liability as new information becomes available. the company believes the $176 million reserve for expected warranty claims as of december 30, 2017 is adequate, but due to judgments inherent in the reserve estimation process, including forecasting future product reliability levels and costs of repair as well as the estimated age of certain products submitted for claims, the ultimate claim costs may differ from the recorded warranty liability. the company also establishes a reserve for product recalls on a product-specific basis during the period in which the circumstances giving rise to the recall become known and estimable for both company-initiated actions and those required by regulatory bodies.
off-balance sheet arrangement synthetic leases - the company is a party to synthetic leasing programs for certain locations, including one of its major distribution centers and two of its office buildings. the programs qualify as operating leases for accounting purposes, where only the monthly lease expense is recorded in the consolidated statements of operations and the liability and value of the underlying assets are off-balance sheet.
these lease programs are utilized primarily to reduce overall cost and to retain flexibility. the cash outflows for lease payments approximate the $2 million of rent expense recognized in fiscal 2017. as of december 30, 2017, the estimated fair value of the underlying assets and lease guarantees of the residual values for these properties were $119 million and $103 million, respectively.
41
cautionary statements under the private securities litigation reform act of 1995
certain statements contained in this annual report on form 10-k that are not historical, including but not limited to those regarding the company's ability to: (i) close the nelson transaction in the first half of 2018; (ii) achieve its long-term financial objectives including: 4-6% organic revenue growth; 10-12% total revenue growth; 10-12% total earnings per share growth (7-9% organically) excluding acquisition-related charges; free cash flow equal to, or exceeding, net income; sustain 10+ working capital turns; and $22 billion in revenue by 2022 while expanding the margin rate; (iii) return approximately 50% of free cash flow to shareholders through a strong and growing dividend as well as opportunistically repurchasing shares and deploying the remaining 50% toward acquisitions; (iv) significantly increase the availability of craftsman®-branded products to consumers in previously underpenetrated channels, enhance innovation, and add manufacturing jobs in the u.s. to support growth; (v) achieve 2018 diluted earnings per share of approximately $7.80 to $8.00 ($8.30 to $8.50 excluding acquisition-related charges); (vi) achieve free cash flow conversion, defined as free cash flow divided by net income, of approximately 100% in 2018 (collectively, the "results"); are "forward-looking statements" and subject to risk and uncertainty.
the company's ability to deliver the results as described above is based on current expectations and involves inherent risks and uncertainties, including factors listed below and other factors that could delay, divert, or change any of them, and could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially from current expectations. in addition to the risks, uncertainties and other factors discussed elsewhere herein, the risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause or contribute to actual results differing materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements include, without limitation, those set forth under item 1a risk factors hereto and any material changes thereto set forth in any subsequent quarterly reports on form 10-q, or those contained in the company's other filings or other submissions with the securities and exchange commission, and those set forth below.
the company's ability to deliver the results is dependent, or based, upon: (i) the company's ability to generate organic sales growth of approximately 5% resulting in approximately $0.50 to $0.60 of diluted earnings per share accretion in 2018; (ii) commodity inflation of approximately $150 million, partially offset by price actions, negatively impacting diluted earnings per share by $0.25 to $0.30 in 2018; (iii) the net impact of closed acquisitions, cost actions and improved productivity, partially offset by higher share count, resulting in approximately $0.45 to $0.50 of diluted earnings per share accretion in 2018; (iv) core (excluding acquisitions) restructuring charges being approximately $50 million; (v) the company's 2018 tax rate being approximately 18%, which would result in approximately $0.20 of diluted earnings per share accretion; (vi) the company's ability to capitalize on operational improvements in both security europe and north america; (vii) the company's ability to identify and realize cost and revenue synergies associated with acquisitions; (viii) successful identification of appropriate acquisition opportunities and completing them within time frames and at reasonable costs as well as the integration of completed acquisitions and reorganization of existing businesses; (ix) the continued acceptance of technologies used in the company's products and services including flexvolt® product; (x) the company's ability to manage existing sonitrol franchisee and mac tools relationships; (xi) the company's ability to minimize costs associated with any sale or discontinuance of a business or product line, including any severance, restructuring, legal or other costs; (xii) the proceeds realized with respect to any business or product line disposals; (xiii) the extent of any asset impairments with respect to any businesses or product lines that are sold or discontinued; (xiv) the success of the company's efforts to manage freight costs, steel and other commodity costs as well as capital expenditures; (xv) the company's ability to sustain or increase prices in order to, among other things, offset or mitigate the impact of steel, freight, energy, non-ferrous commodity and other commodity costs and any inflation increases and/or currency impacts; (xvi) the company's ability to generate free cash flow, maintain a conservative credit profile, and a strong investment grade rating; (xvii) the company's ability to identify and effectively execute productivity improvements and cost reductions, while minimizing any associated restructuring charges; (xviii) the company's ability to obtain favorable settlement of tax audits; (xix) the ability of the company to generate earnings sufficient to realize future income tax benefits during periods when temporary differences become deductible; (xx) the continued ability of the company to access credit markets under satisfactory terms; (xxi) the company's ability to negotiate satisfactory payment terms under which the company buys and sells goods, services, materials and products; (xxii) the company's ability to successfully develop, market and achieve sales from new products and services; (xxiii) the availability of cash to repurchase shares when conditions are right, as well as the company's ability to effectively use equity derivative transactions to reduce the capital requirement associated with share repurchases; and (xxiv) the impact of the enacted u.s. tax cuts and jobs act on the provisional estimate recorded in 2017 based on legislative developments and refined calculations.
the company's ability to deliver the results is also dependent upon: (i) the success of the company's marketing and sales efforts, including the ability to develop and market new and innovative products and solutions in both existing and new markets including emerging markets; (ii) the ability of the company to maintain or improve production rates in the company's manufacturing facilities, respond to significant changes in product demand and fulfill demand for new and existing products; (iii) the company's ability to continue improvements in working capital through effective management of accounts receivable
42
and inventory levels; (iv) the ability to continue successfully managing and defending claims and litigation; (v) the success of the company's efforts to mitigate adverse earnings impact resulting from any cost increases generated by, for example, increases in the cost of energy or significant euro, canadian dollar, chinese renminbi or other currency fluctuations; (vi) the geographic distribution of the company's earnings; (vii) the commitment to, and success of, the stanley fulfillment system, sfs 2.0 and focusing its employees on the related five key pillars of digital excellence, commercial excellence, breakthrough innovation, core sfs / industry 4.0, and functional transformation; and (viii) successful implementation with expected results of cost reduction programs.
the company's ability to achieve the results will also be affected by external factors. these external factors include: challenging global geopolitical and macroeconomic environment possibly including impact from "brexit" or other similar actions from other eu member states; the economic environment of emerging markets, particularly latin america, russia, china and turkey; pricing pressure and other changes within competitive markets; the continued consolidation of customers particularly in consumer channels; inventory management pressures on the company's customers; the impact the tightened credit markets may have on the company or its customers or suppliers; the extent to which the company has to write off accounts receivable or assets or experiences supply chain disruptions in connection with bankruptcy filings by customers or suppliers; increasing competition; changes in laws, regulations and policies that affect the company, including, but not limited to trade, monetary, tax and fiscal policies and laws; the timing and extent of any inflation or deflation; the impact of poor weather conditions on sales; currency exchange fluctuations; the impact of dollar/foreign currency exchange and interest rates on the competitiveness of products and the company's debt program; the strength of the u.s. and european economies; the extent to which world-wide markets associated with homebuilding and remodeling stabilize and rebound; the impact of events that cause or may cause disruption in the company's supply, manufacturing, distribution and sales networks such as war, terrorist activities, political unrest and possible hostilities on the korean peninsula; and recessionary or expansive trends in the economies of the world in which the company operates.
unless required by applicable federal securities laws, the company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date hereof. investors are advised, however, to consult any further disclosures made on related subjects in the company's reports filed with the securities and exchange commission.
in addition to the foregoing, some of the agreements included as exhibits to this annual report on form 10-k (whether incorporated by reference to earlier filings or otherwise) may contain representations and warranties, recitals or other statements that appear to be statements of fact. these agreements are included solely to provide investors with information regarding their terms and are not intended to provide any other factual or disclosure information about the company or the other parties to the agreements. representations and warranties, recitals, and other common disclosure provisions have been included in the agreements solely for the benefit of the other parties to the applicable agreements and often are used as a means of allocating risk among the parties.
accordingly, such statements (i) should not be treated as categorical statements of fact; (ii) may be qualified by disclosures that were made to the other parties in connection with the negotiation of the applicable agreements, which disclosures are not necessarily reflected in the agreement or included as exhibits hereto; (iii) may apply standards of materiality in a way that is different from what may be viewed as material by or to investors in or lenders to the company; and (iv) were made only as of the date of the applicable agreement or such other date or dates as may be specified in the agreement and are subject to more recent developments. accordingly, representations and warranties, recitals or other disclosures contained in agreements may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time and should not be relied on by any person other than the parties thereto in accordance with their terms. additional information about the company may be found in this annual report on form 10-k and the company's other public filings, which are available without charge through the sec's website at http://www.sec.gov.
43
