item 1a.  risk factors the following discussion of "risk factors" identifies the most significant factors that may adversely affect our business, operations, financial position or future financial performance.  this information should be read in conjunction with management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations and the consolidated financial statements and related notes contained in this report.  the following discussion of risks is not all inclusive, but is designed to highlight what we believe are the most significant factors to consider when evaluating our business.  these factors could cause our future results to differ from our expectations expressed in the forward-looking statements identified within "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations," and from historical trends.
industry and general economic risks periods of significant or prolonged inflation or deflation affect our product costs and may negatively impact our profitability.
volatile food costs have a direct impact on our industry.  periods of significant product cost inflation may have a negative impact on our results of operations to the extent that we are unable to pass on all or a portion of such product cost increases to our customers.  in addition, periods of rapidly increasing inflation may negatively impact our business due to the timing needed to pass on such increases, the impact of such inflation on discretionary spending by consumers and our limited ability to increase prices in the current, highly competitive environment.  conversely, our business may be adversely impacted by periods of product cost deflation, because we make a significant portion of our sales at prices that are based on the cost of products we sell plus a percentage margin.  as a result, our results of operations may be negatively impacted during periods of product cost deflation, even though our gross profit percentage may remain relatively constant.
7
unfavorable macroeconomic conditions in the u.s., canada and europe, as well as unfavorable conditions in particular local markets, may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
the foodservice distribution industry, which is characterized by relatively low profit margins with limited demand growth expected in the near-term, is especially susceptible to negative trends and economic uncertainty.  north america and europe have each experienced an uneven economic environment over the past several years.  in addition, our results of operations are substantially affected by regional operating and economic conditions, which can vary substantially by market.  economic conditions can affect us in the following ways:
•   unfavorable conditions can depress sales and/or gross margins in a given market.
•   food cost and fuel cost inflation experienced by the consumer can lead to reductions in the frequency of dining out and the amount spent by consumers for food-away-from-home purchases, which could negatively impact our business by reducing demand for our products.
•   heightened uncertainty in the financial markets negatively affects consumer confidence and discretionary spending, which can cause disruptions with our customers and suppliers.
•   liquidity issues and the inability of our customers to consistently access credit markets to obtain cash to support their operations can cause temporary interruptions in our ability to conduct day-to-day transactions involving the collection of funds from such customers.
•   liquidity issues and the inability of our suppliers to consistently access credit markets to obtain cash to support their operations can cause temporary interruptions in our ability to obtain the foodservice products and supplies needed by us in the quantities and at the prices requested.
we believe that uncertainty in the economic environment over the past several years has adversely affected the rate of improvement in both business and consumer confidence and spending, and uncertainty about the long-term investment environment could further depress capital investment and economic activity in the future.
economic and political instability and potential unfavorable changes in laws and regulations resulting from the u.k.'s exit from the european union could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
the u.k.'s anticipated exit from the european union (the eu) and the resulting significant change to the u.k.'s relationship with the eu and with countries outside the eu (and its laws and regulations impacting business conducted between them) could disrupt the overall stability of the u.k. and the eu given the diverse economic and political circumstances of the u.k. and individual eu countries and otherwise negatively impact our european operations, including the brakes group. if changes occur in laws and regulations impacting the flow of goods, services and workers between the u.k. and the eu, our european operations could also be negatively impacted. the completion of the u.k.'s exit from the eu could have less severe, but still significant, implications. such exit could adversely affect the value of our euro- and pound-denominated assets and obligations. exchange rates related to the british pound sterling have been more volatile since the u.k. announced it would exit the eu and such volatility may continue in the future. future fluctuations in the exchange rate between the british pound sterling and the local currencies of our suppliers may have the effect of increasing our cost of goods sold in the u.k., which increases we may not be able to pass on to our customers. in addition, the u.k.'s exit from the eu could cause financial and capital markets within and outside the eu to constrict, thereby negatively impacting our ability to finance our business, and also could cause a substantial dip in consumer confidence and spending that could negatively impact the foodservice distribution industry. any one of these impacts could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
competition in our industry may adversely impact our margins and our ability to retain customers, and makes it difficult for us to maintain our market share, growth rate and profitability.
the foodservice distribution industry is fragmented and highly competitive, with local, regional, multi-regional distributors and specialty competitors.  local and regional companies often align themselves with other smaller distributors through purchasing cooperatives and marketing groups, with the goal of enhancing their geographic reach, private label offerings, overall purchasing power, cost efficiencies, and ability to meet customer distribution requirements. these suppliers may also rely on local presence as a source of competitive advantage, and they may have lower costs and other competitive advantages due to geographic proximity. furthermore, barriers to entry by new competitors, or geographic or product line expansion by existing competitors, are low.  additionally, increased competition from non-traditional sources (such as club stores and commercial wholesale outlets with lower cost structures), cash and carry operations and group purchasing organizations have served to further increase pressure on the industry's profit margins, and continued margin pressure within the industry may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.   we are also experiencing growing competition from online direct food wholesalers. finally, demand for food-away-from-home products is volatile and price sensitive, imposing limits on our customers' ability to absorb cost increases.  new and increasing competitive sources may result in increased focus on pricing and on limiting price increases, or
8
may require increased discounting or other concessions.  such competition or other industry pressures may result in margin erosion and/or make it difficult for us to attract and retain customers.
if we are unable to effectively differentiate ourselves from our competitors, our results of operations could be adversely impacted. in addition, even if we are able to effectively differentiate ourselves, we may only be able to do so through increased expenditures or decreased prices, which could also adversely impact our results of operations.
we may not be able to fully compensate for increases in fuel costs, and fuel hedging arrangements intended to contain fuel costs could result in above market fuel costs.
volatile fuel prices have a direct impact on our industry.  we require significant quantities of fuel for our delivery vehicles and are exposed to the risk associated with fluctuations in the market price for fuel.  the price and supply of fuel can fluctuate significantly based on international, political and economic circumstances, as well as other factors outside our control, such as actions by the organization of the petroleum exporting countries, or opec, and other oil and gas producers, regional production patterns, weather conditions and environmental concerns.  the cost of fuel affects the price paid by us for products, as well as the costs we incur to deliver products to our customers.  although we have been able to pass along a portion of increased fuel costs to our customers in the past, there is no guarantee that we will be able to do so in the future.  if fuel costs increase in the future, we may experience difficulties in passing all or a portion of these costs along to our customers, which may have a negative impact on our results of operations.
we routinely enter into fuel hedging arrangements, including fuel derivatives, to hedge our exposure to volatile fuel prices. there can be no assurance that our fuel hedging transactions will be effective to protect us from changes in fuel prices, and if fuel prices decrease significantly, these hedging arrangements would result in our paying higher than market costs for a portion of our diesel fuel. in addition, our future use of fuel derivatives would expose us to the risk that one of our counterparties fails to perform its obligations, whether due to its insolvency or otherwise, which could result in financial losses.
business and operational risks conditions beyond our control can interrupt our supplies and increase our product costs.
we obtain substantially all of our foodservice and related products from third-party suppliers. although our purchasing volume can provide benefits when dealing with suppliers, suppliers may not provide the foodservice products and supplies needed by us in the quantities and at the prices requested. we are also subject to delays caused by interruptions in production and increases in product costs based on conditions outside of our control. these conditions include work slowdowns, work interruptions, strikes or other job actions by employees of suppliers, short-term weather conditions or more prolonged climate change, crop and other agricultural conditions, water shortages, animal disease outbreaks, transportation interruptions, unavailability of fuel or increases in fuel costs, product recalls, competitive demands, terrorist attacks or international hostilities and natural disasters or other catastrophic events (including, but not limited to, food-borne illnesses). further, increased frequency or duration of extreme weather conditions could also impair production capabilities, disrupt our supply chain or impact demand for our products. input costs could increase at any point in time for a large portion of the products that we sell for a prolonged period. our inability to obtain adequate supplies of foodservice and related products as a result of any of the foregoing factors or otherwise could mean that we could not fulfill our obligations to customers, and customers may turn to other distributors.
in addition, as a foodservice distributor, it is necessary for us to maintain an inventory of products, and declines in product pricing levels between the time we purchase the product from our suppliers and the time we sell the product to our customers could reduce our margin on that inventory, adversely affecting our results of operations.
adverse publicity about us or lack of confidence in our products could negatively impact our reputation and reduce earnings.
maintaining a good reputation and public confidence in the safety of the products we distribute is critical to our business.  sysco's brand names, trademarks and logos and our reputation are powerful sales and marketing tools, and we devote significant resources to promoting and protecting them.  anything that damages our reputation or public confidence in our products, whether or not justified, including adverse publicity about the quality, safety, sustainability or integrity of our products or relating to illegal or unethical activities by our employees, suppliers or agents, could tarnish our reputation and diminish the value of our brand, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
reports, whether true or not, of food-borne illnesses (such as e-coli, avian flu, bovine spongiform encephalopathy, hepatitis a, trichinosis, salmonella, listeria or swine flu) or injuries caused by food tampering could also severely injure our reputation or negatively impact public confidence in our products.  if patrons of our restaurant customers become ill from food-borne illnesses,
9
our customers could be forced to temporarily close restaurant locations and our sales and profitability would be correspondingly decreased.  in addition, instances of food-borne illnesses or food tampering or other health concerns (even those unrelated to the use of sysco products) or public concern regarding the safety of our products, can result in negative publicity about the food service distribution industry and cause our results of operations to decrease dramatically.
damage to our reputation and loss of brand equity could reduce demand for our products and services.  this reduction in demand, together with the dedication of time and expense necessary to defend our reputation, would have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation and restore the value of our brand.  our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected if our public image or reputation were to be tarnished by negative publicity, including dissemination via print, broadcast or social media, or other forms of internet-based communications.  adverse publicity about regulatory or legal action against us could damage our reputation and image, undermine our customers' confidence and reduce short-term or long-term demand for our products and services, even if the regulatory or legal action is unfounded or not material to our operations.  any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
our relationships with long-term customers may be materially diminished or terminated.
we have long-standing relationships with a number of our customers, many of whom could unilaterally terminate their relationship with us or materially reduce the amount of business they conduct with us at any time. market competition, customer requirements, customer financial condition and customer consolidation through mergers or acquisitions also could adversely affect our ability to continue or expand these relationships. there is no guarantee that we will be able to retain or renew existing agreements, maintain relationships with any of our customers on acceptable terms, or at all, or collect amounts owed to us from insolvent customers. our customer agreements are generally terminable upon advance written notice (typically ranging from 30 days to six months) by either us or the customer, which provides our customers with the opportunity to renegotiate their contracts with us on less favorable terms or to award more business to our competitors. the loss of one or more of our major customers could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
unfavorable changes to the mix of locally managed customers versus multi-unit customers could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
increasing the volume of our sales to locally managed customers is very important for our business and our results of operations. gross margin from our multi-unit customers is generally lower than that of our locally managed customers because we typically sell higher volumes of products to these customers and provide a relatively lower level of value-added services than we do to locally managed customers.  if sales to our locally managed customers do not grow at the same or a greater rate as sales to our multi-unit customers, our operating margins may decline.
moreover, if sales to our multi-unit customers increase at a faster pace of growth than sales to our locally-managed customers, we will become more dependent on multi-unit customers as they begin to represent a greater proportion of our total sales.  additionally, the loss of sales to the larger of these multi-unit customers could have a material negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition. additionally, as a result of our greater dependence on these customers, we could be pressured by them to lower our prices and/or offer expanded or additional services at the same prices.  in that event, if we were unable to achieve additional cost savings to offset these price reductions and/or cost increases, our results of operations could be materially adversely affected.  we may be unable to change our cost structure and pricing practices rapidly enough to successfully compete in such an environment.
changes in consumer eating habits could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
changes in consumer eating habits (such as a decline in consuming food away from home, a decline in portion sizes, or a shift in preferences toward restaurants that are not our customers) could reduce demand for our products. consumer eating habits could be affected by a number of factors, including changes in attitudes regarding diet and health or new information regarding the health effects of consuming certain foods. there is a growing consumer preference for sustainable, organic and locally grown products, and a shift towards plant-based proteins and/or animal proteins derived from animals that were humanely treated and anti-biotic free. changing consumer eating habits also occur due to generational shifts. millennials, the largest demographic group in terms of spend, seek new and different, as well as more ethnic, menu options and menu innovation. if consumer eating habits change significantly, we may be required to modify or discontinue sales of certain items in our product portfolio, and we may experience higher costs and/or supply shortages associated with our efforts to accommodate those changes as our suppliers adapt to the new eating preferences. changing consumer eating habits may reduce the frequency with which consumers purchase meals outside of the home. additionally, changes in consumer eating habits may result in the enactment or
10
amendment of laws and regulations that impact the ingredients and nutritional content of our food products, or laws and regulations requiring us to disclose the nutritional content of our food products. compliance with these laws and regulations, as well as others regarding the ingredients and nutritional content of our food products, may be costly and time-consuming. we cannot make any assurances regarding our ability to effectively respond to changes in consumer health perceptions or resulting new laws or regulations or to adapt our menu offerings to trends in eating habits.
we may not be able to achieve our three-year financial targets by the end of fiscal year 2018.
in fiscal 2016, we set new three-year financial targets to grow operating income, accelerate earnings per share growth faster than operating income growth and improve return on invested capital. our ability to meet these financial targets depends largely on our successful execution of our business plan including various related initiatives. there are various risks related to these efforts, including the risk that these efforts may not provide the expected benefits in our anticipated time frame, if at all, and may prove costlier than expected; and the risk of adverse effects to our business, results of operations and liquidity if past and future undertakings, and the associated changes to our business, do not prove to be cost effective or do not result in the cost savings and other benefits at the levels that we anticipate. our intentions and expectations with regard to the execution of our business plan, and the timing of any related initiatives, are subject to change at any time based on management's subjective evaluation of our overall business needs. if we are unable to successfully execute our business plan, whether due to our failure to realize the anticipated benefits from our various business initiatives in the anticipated time frame or otherwise, we may be unable to achieve our three-year financial targets.
expanding into international markets and complementary lines of business presents unique challenges, and our expansion efforts with respect to international operations and complementary lines of business may not be successful.
as demonstrated by our acquisition of the brakes group, an element of our strategy includes further expansion of operations into international markets and the establishment of international procurement organizations.  our ability to successfully operate in international markets may be adversely affected by political, economic and social conditions beyond our control, local laws and customs, and legal and regulatory constraints, including compliance with applicable anti-corruption and currency laws and regulations, of the countries or regions in which we currently operate or intend to operate in the future.  risks inherent in our existing and future international operations also include, among others, the costs and difficulties of managing international operations, difficulties in identifying and gaining access to local suppliers, suffering possible adverse tax consequences from changes in tax laws or the unfavorable resolution of tax assessments or audits, maintaining product quality and greater difficulty in enforcing intellectual property rights.  additionally, foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations thereof may have an adverse effect on the financial results of our international operations.
another element of our strategy includes the possibility of expansion into businesses that are closely related or complementary to, but not currently part of, our core foodservice distribution business.  our ability to successfully operate in these complementary business markets may be adversely affected by legal and regulatory constraints, including compliance with regulatory programs to which we become subject.  risks inherent in branching out into such complementary markets also include the costs and difficulties of managing operations outside of our core business, which may require additional skills and competencies, as well as difficulties in identifying and gaining access to suppliers or customers in new markets.
we may have exposure to additional tax liabilities.
as a multinational corporation, we are subject to income taxes as well as non-income based taxes, in both the u.s. and various foreign jurisdictions. significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities. changes in tax laws or tax rulings may have a significant adverse impact on our effective tax rate. for example, the u.s. and many countries in the eu where we do business, are actively considering or have enacted changes in relevant tax, accounting and other laws, regulations and interpretations, including changes to tax laws applicable to corporate multinationals. in particular, reforming the taxation of international businesses has been a priority for u.s. politicians, and key members of the legislative and executive branches have proposed a wide variety of potential changes, some of which could have a significant adverse impact on our effective tax rate. further, in the ordinary course of a global business, there are many intercompany transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination could change if tax laws or tax rulings were to be modified. we are also subject to non-income based taxes, such as payroll, sales, use, value-added, net worth, property and goods and services taxes, in both the u.s. and various foreign jurisdictions. although we believe that our income and non-income based tax estimates are appropriate, there is no assurance that the final determination of tax audits or tax disputes will not be different from what is reflected in our historical income tax provisions and accruals.
11
if the products distributed by us are alleged to have caused injury or illness, or to have failed to comply with governmental regulations, we may need to recall our products and may experience product liability claims.
we, like any other foodservice distributor, may be subject to product recalls, including voluntary recalls or withdrawals, if the products we distribute are alleged to have caused injury or illness, to have been mislabeled, misbranded, or adulterated or to otherwise have violated applicable governmental regulations. we may also choose to voluntarily recall or withdraw products that we determine do not satisfy our quality standards, whether for taste, appearance, or otherwise, in order to protect our brand and reputation. any future product recall or withdrawal that results in substantial and unexpected expenditures, destruction of product inventory, damage to our reputation, and/or lost sales due to the unavailability of the product for a period of time, could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
we also face the risk of exposure to product liability claims in the event that the use of products sold by sysco are alleged to have caused injury or illness.  we cannot be sure that consumption of our products will not cause a health-related illness in the future or that we will not be subject to claims or lawsuits relating to such matters.  further, even if a product liability claim is unsuccessful or is not fully pursued, the negative publicity surrounding any assertion that our products caused illness or injury could adversely affect our reputation with existing and potential customers and our corporate and brand image.  with respect to product liability claims, we believe we have sufficient primary or excess umbrella liability insurance.  however, this insurance may not continue to be available at a reasonable cost or, if available, may not be adequate to cover all of our liabilities.  we generally seek contractual indemnification and insurance coverage from parties supplying our products, but this indemnification or insurance coverage is limited, as a practical matter, to the creditworthiness of the indemnifying party and the insured limits of any insurance provided by suppliers.  if sysco does not have adequate insurance or contractual indemnification available, product liability relating to defective products could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
if we fail to comply with requirements imposed by applicable law or other governmental regulations, we could become subject to lawsuits, investigations and other liabilities and restrictions on our operations that could significantly and adversely affect our business.
we are subject to regulation by various federal, state, provincial, regional and local governments in the countries in which we operate with respect to many aspects of our business, such as food safety and sanitation, ethical business practices, transportation, minimum wage, overtime, wage payment, wage and hour and employment discrimination, immigration, human health and safety, and due to the services we provide in connection with governmentally funded entitlement programs. for a detailed discussion of the laws and regulations to which our business is subject, please refer to "business - government regulation" in part i, item 1 of this annual report on form 10-k.
from time to time, both federal and state governmental agencies have conducted audits of our billing practices as part of investigations of providers of services under governmental contracts, or otherwise. we also receive requests for information from governmental agencies in connection with these audits. while we attempt to comply with all applicable laws and regulations, we cannot represent that we are in full compliance with all applicable laws and regulations or interpretations of these laws and regulations at all times or that we will be able to comply with any future laws, regulations or interpretations of these laws and regulations.
if we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations or encounter disagreements with respect to our contracts subject to governmental regulations, including those referred to above, we may be subject to investigations, criminal sanctions or civil remedies, including fines, injunctions, prohibitions on exporting, or seizures or debarments from contracting with such government. the cost of compliance or the consequences of non-compliance, including debarments, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. in addition, governmental units may make changes in the regulatory frameworks within which we operate that may require us to incur substantial increases in costs in order to comply with such laws and regulations.
we may incur significant costs to comply with environmental laws and regulations, and we may be subject to substantial fines, penalties or third-party claims for non-compliance.
our operations are subject to various federal, state, provincial, regional and local laws, rules and regulations in the various countries in which we operate relating to the protection of the environment, including those governing:
•   the discharge of pollutants into the air, soil, and water;
•   the management and disposal of solid and hazardous materials and wastes;
•   employee exposure to hazards in the workplace; and
•   the investigation and remediation of contamination resulting from releases of petroleum products and other regulated materials.
12
in the course of our operations, we operate, maintain, and fuel fleet vehicles; store fuel in on-site above and underground storage tanks; operate refrigeration systems, and use and dispose of hazardous substances and food wastes. we could incur substantial costs, including fines or penalties and third-party claims for property damage or personal injury, as a result of any violations of environmental or workplace safety laws and regulations or releases of regulated materials into the environment. in addition, we could incur investigation, remediation or other costs related to environmental conditions at our currently or formerly owned or operated properties.
for example, most of our distribution facilities have ammonia-based refrigeration systems and tanks for the storage of diesel fuel and other petroleum products, which are subject to laws regulating such systems and storage tanks (including the investigation and remediation of soil and groundwater contamination associated with the use of underground storage tanks).  certain of these laws and regulations in the european union and the brakes principal regions may impose liability for costs (which could be material) of investigation or remediation of contamination regardless of fault or the legality of the original disposal, and even if such contamination was present prior to the commencement of brakes' operations at the site and was not caused by its activities. in addition, many of our facilities have propane and battery powered forklifts. proposed or recently enacted legal requirements, such as those requiring the phase-out of certain ozone-depleting substances, and proposals for the regulation of greenhouse gas emissions, may require us to upgrade or replace equipment, or may increase our transportation or other operating costs.
we must finance and integrate acquired businesses effectively.
historically, a portion of our growth has come through acquisitions.  if we are unable to integrate acquired businesses successfully or realize anticipated economic, operational and other benefits and synergies in a timely manner, our earnings per share may be materially adversely affected.   integration of an acquired business may be more difficult when we acquire a business in a market in which we have limited expertise, or with a culture different from sysco's. a significant expansion of our business and operations, in terms of geography or magnitude, could strain our administrative and operational resources.  significant acquisitions may also require the issuance of material additional amounts of debt or equity, which could materially alter our debt-to-equity ratio, increase our interest expense and decrease earnings per share, and make it difficult for us to obtain favorable financing for other acquisitions or capital investments. in addition, our failure to implement effective internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures with respect to a significant acquired business, such as the brakes group, could result in material weaknesses and/or a failure to file our periodic reports with the sec on a timely basis.
we need access to borrowed funds to grow, and any default by us under our indebtedness could have a material adverse effect on our cash flow and liquidity.
a substantial part of our growth historically has been the result of acquisitions and capital expansion.  we anticipate additional acquisitions and capital expansion in the future. as a result, our inability to finance acquisitions and capital expenditures through borrowed funds could restrict our ability to expand.  moreover, any default under the documents governing our indebtedness could have a significant adverse effect on our cash flows, as well as the market value of our common stock.
our level of indebtedness and the terms of our indebtedness could adversely affect our business and liquidity position.
as described in note 11, "debt and other financing arrangements," as of july 1, 2017, we had approximately $8.2 billion of total indebtedness which included a commercial paper program allowing us to issue short-term unsecured notes in an aggregate amount not to exceed $2.0 billion; a revolving credit facility supporting our u.s. commercial paper program in the amount of $2.0 billion scheduled to expire on november 2, 2021, and various other smaller bank facilities.
our substantial amount of debt could have important consequences for us, including:
•   limiting our ability to obtain additional financing, if needed, for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements or other purposes;
•   increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic, industry or competitive developments;
•   limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and our industry; and
•   placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt.
our indebtedness may further increase from time to time for various reasons, including fluctuations in operating results, working capital needs, capital expenditures, potential acquisitions, joint ventures and/or share repurchase programs.  our increased level of indebtedness and the ultimate cost of such indebtedness could have a negative impact on our liquidity, cost of future debt financing and financial results, and our credit ratings may be adversely affected as a result of the incurrence of additional
13
indebtedness.  in the future, our cash flow and capital resources may not be sufficient for payments of interest on and principal of our debt, and any alternative financing measures available may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations.
we rely on technology in our business and any cybersecurity incident, other technology disruption or delay in implementing new technology could negatively affect our business and our relationships with customers.
we use technology in substantially all aspects of our business operations, and our ability to serve customers most effectively depends on the reliability of our technology systems. we use software and other technology systems, among other things, to generate and select orders, to load and route trucks, to make purchases, to manage our warehouses and to monitor and manage our business on a day-to-day basis. we also use mobile devices, social networking and other online platforms to connect with our employees, suppliers, business partners and customers. further, our business involves the storage and transmission of numerous classes of sensitive and/or confidential information and intellectual property, including customers' and suppliers' personal information, private information about employees, and financial and strategic information about the company and our business partners.
these technology systems and our uses thereof are vulnerable to disruption from circumstances beyond our control, including fire, natural disasters, power outages, systems failures, security breaches, espionage, cyber-attacks, viruses, theft and inadvertent release of information.  any such disruption to these software and other technology systems, or the technology systems of third parties on which we rely, the failure of these systems to otherwise perform as anticipated, or the theft, destruction, loss, misappropriation, or release of sensitive and/or confidential information or intellectual property, could result in business disruption, negative publicity, brand damage, violation of privacy laws, loss of customers, potential liability and competitive disadvantage, any or all of which would potentially adversely affect our customer service, decrease the volume of our business and result in increased costs and lower profits.
further, as we pursue our strategy to grow through acquisitions and to pursue new initiatives that improve our operations and cost structure, we are also expanding and improving our information technologies, resulting in a larger technological presence and corresponding exposure to cybersecurity risk.  if we fail to assess and identify cybersecurity risks associated with acquisitions and new initiatives, we may become increasingly vulnerable to such risks.
while sysco has invested, and continues to invest, in technology security initiatives and other measures to prevent security breaches and cyber incidents, as well as disaster recovery plans, these initiatives and measures may not be entirely effective to insulate us from technology disruption that could result in adverse effects on our results of operations. additionally, information technology systems continue to evolve and, in order to remain competitive, we must implement new technologies in a timely and efficient manner. if our competitors implement new technologies more quickly or successfully than we do, such competitors may be able to provide lower cost or enhanced services of superior quality compared to those we provide, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
we may be required to pay material amounts under multiemployer defined benefit pension plans.
we contribute to several multiemployer defined benefit pension plans based on obligations arising under collective bargaining agreements covering union-represented employees.  approximately 13% of our current u.s. employees are participants in such multiemployer plans.  in fiscal 2017, our total contributions to these plans were approximately $44.6 million and, in may 2017, a sysco subsidiary voluntarily withdrew from a multiemployer pension plan and recorded a $35.6 million withdrawal liability.  the costs of providing benefits through such plans have increased in recent years.  the amount of any increase or decrease in our required contributions to these multiemployer plans will depend upon many factors, including the outcome of collective bargaining, actions taken by trustees who manage the plans, government regulations, the actual return on assets held in the plans and the potential payment of a withdrawal liability if we choose to exit.  based upon the information available to us from plan administrators, we believe that several of these multiemployer plans are underfunded.  the unfunded liabilities of these plans may result in increased future payments by us and the other participating employers.  underfunded multiemployer pension plans may impose a surcharge requiring additional pension contributions.  our risk of such increased payments may be greater if any of the participating employers in these underfunded plans withdraws from the plan due to insolvency and is not able to contribute an amount sufficient to fund the unfunded liabilities associated with its participants in the plan.  we could also be treated as partially withdrawing from participation in one of these plans if the number of our employees participating in a given plan is reduced to a certain degree over a certain period of time. such reductions in the number of employees participating in these plans could occur as a result of changes in our business operations, such as facility closures or consolidations. based on the latest information available from plan administrators, we estimate our share of the aggregate withdrawal liability on the multiemployer plans in which we participate could have been as much as $147.9 million as of july 1, 2017.  a significant increase to funding requirements could adversely affect the company's financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
14
our funding requirements for our company-sponsored qualified pension plan may increase should financial markets experience future declines.
at the end of fiscal 2012, we decided to freeze future benefit accruals under the company-sponsored qualified pension plan (retirement plan) as of december 31, 2012 for all u.s. based salaried and non-union hourly employees.  effective january 1, 2013, these employees were eligible for additional contributions under an enhanced, defined contribution plan.  while these actions will serve to limit future growth in our pension liabilities, we had a sizable pension obligation of $4.2 billion as of july 1, 2017; therefore, financial market factors could impact our funding requirements.  although recent pension funding relief legislation has served to defer some required funding, additional contributions may be required if our plan is not fully funded when the provisions that provided the relief are phased out.  see note 14, "company-sponsored employee benefit plans" to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for a discussion of the funded status of the retirement plan.
the amount of our annual contribution to the retirement plan is dependent upon, among other things, the returns on the retirement plan's assets and discount rates used to calculate the plan's liability.  our retirement plan holds investments in both equity and fixed income securities.  fluctuations in asset values can cause the amount of our anticipated future contributions to the plan to increase.  the projected liability of the retirement plan will be impacted by the fluctuations of interest rates on high quality bonds in the public markets as these are inputs in determining our minimum funding requirements.  specifically, decreases in these interest rates may have an adverse effect on our funding obligations.  to the extent financial markets experience future declines similar to those experienced in fiscal 2008 through the beginning of fiscal 2010, and/or interest rates on high quality bonds in the public markets decline, our required contributions may increase for future years as our funded status decreases, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition.
failure to successfully renegotiate union contracts could result in work stoppages.
as of july 1, 2017, approximately 9,813 employees at 55 operating companies were members of 53 different local unions associated with the international brotherhood of teamsters and other labor organizations. moreover, labor organizing activities could result in additional employees becoming unionized, which could increase our labor costs. in fiscal 2018, 12 agreements covering approximately 1,367 employees have expired or will expire.  failure of our operating companies to effectively renegotiate these contracts could result in work stoppages.  although our operating subsidiaries have not experienced any significant labor disputes or work stoppages to date, and we believe they have satisfactory relationships with their unions, a work stoppage due to failure of multiple operating subsidiaries to renegotiate union contracts could have a material adverse effect on us.
a shortage of qualified labor could negatively affect our business and materially reduce earnings.
the future success of our operations, including the achievement of our strategic objectives, depends on our ability to identify, recruit, develop and retain qualified and talented individuals, and any shortage of qualified labor could significantly affect our business.  our employee recruitment, development and retention efforts may not be successful, resulting in a shortage of qualified individuals in future periods.  any such shortage would decrease sysco's ability to effectively serve our customers and achieve our strategic objectives.  such a shortage would also likely lead to higher wages for employees and a corresponding reduction in our results of operations.
our authorized preferred stock provides anti-takeover benefits that may not be viewed as beneficial to stockholders.
under our restated certificate of incorporation, sysco's board of directors is authorized to issue up to 1,500,000 shares of preferred stock without stockholder approval.  issuance of these shares could make it more difficult for anyone to acquire sysco without approval of the board of directors, depending on the rights and preferences of the stock issued.  in addition, if anyone attempts to acquire sysco without approval of the board of directors of sysco, the existence of this undesignated preferred stock could allow the board of directors to adopt a shareholder rights plan without obtaining stockholder approval, which could result in substantial dilution to a potential acquirer.  as a result, hostile takeover attempts that might result in an acquisition of sysco, which could otherwise have been financially beneficial to our stockholders, could be deterred.
item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations our discussion below of our results includes certain non-gaap financial measures that we believe provide important perspective with respect to underlying business trends.  other than free cash flow, any non-gaap financial measures will be denoted as adjusted measures and exclude the impact from restructuring costs consisting of (1) expenses associated with our revised business technology strategy announced in fiscal 2016, as a result of which we recorded accelerated depreciation on our then-existing system and incurred costs to convert to a modernized version of our established platform, (2) professional fees related to our three-year strategic plan, (3) restructuring expenses within our brakes group operations, and (4) severance charges related to restructuring. our results of operations are also impacted by the following acquisition-related items: (1) intangible amortization expense, (2) transaction costs, and (3) integration costs. all acquisition-related costs in fiscal 2017 that have been excluded relate to the brakes group acquisition (the brakes acquisition). sysco's results of operations are also impacted by multiemployer pension (mepp) withdrawal charges. fiscal 2016 acquisition-related costs, however, include (i) brakes acquisition related costs, (ii)
19
termination costs in connection with the merger that had been proposed with us foods, inc. (us foods) and (iii) financing costs related to the senior notes that were issued in fiscal 2015 to fund the proposed us foods merger. these senior notes were redeemed in the first quarter of fiscal 2016, triggering a redemption loss of $86.5 million, and we incurred interest on these notes through the redemption date. the brakes acquisition also resulted in non-recurring tax expense in fiscal 2017, primarily from non-deductible transaction costs. additionally, our results of operations were impacted by multiemployer pension plan withdrawal costs in fiscal 2017. these fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016 items are collectively referred to as "certain items," and they have been excluded from our non-gaap financial measures. with respect to the adjusted return on invested capital targets, our invested capital is adjusted for the accumulation of debt incurred for the brakes acquisition that would not have been borrowed absent this acquisition.
sysco's fiscal year ends on the saturday nearest to june 30th.  this resulted in a 52-week year ending july 1, 2017 for fiscal 2017, a 53-week year ending july 2, 2016 for fiscal 2016, and a 52-week year ending june 27, 2015 for fiscal 2015. because fiscal 2017 contained one fewer week as compared to fiscal 2016, our consolidated results of operations for fiscal 2017 are not directly comparable to the prior year. management believes that adjusting the fiscal 2016 consolidated results of operations for the estimated impact of the additional week provides more comparable financial results on a year-over-year basis. sysco's results of operations and related metrics within this section will be disclosed on both a 52-week and 53-week basis for fiscal 2017 as compared to fiscal 2016. this is calculated by deducting one-fourteenth of the total metric for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016.
any metric within this section referred to as "adjusted" will reflect the applicable impact of both certain items and the extra week in fiscal 2016. more information on the rationale for the use of these measures and reconciliations to gaap numbers can be found under "non-gaap reconciliations."
overview sysco distributes food and related products to restaurants, healthcare and educational facilities, lodging establishments and other foodservice customers.  our primary operations are located in north america and europe. the company has aggregated certain of its operating segments into three reportable segments. "other" financial information is attributable to the company's other operating segments that do not meet the quantitative disclosure thresholds.
•   u.s. foodservice operations - primarily includes u.s. broadline, custom-cut meat and seafood companies, freshpoint (our specialty produce companies) and european imports (a specialty import company);
•   international foodservice operations - primarily includes broadline operations in canada and europe (including the brakes group, which was acquired in fiscal 2017), bahamas, mexico, costa rica and panama, as well as a company that distributes to international customers;
•   sygma - our customized distribution subsidiary; and
•   other - primarily our hotel supply operations and sysco labs, which includes our suite of technology solutions that help support the business needs of our customers and provides support for some of our business technology needs.
broadline operating companies distribute a full line of food products and a wide variety of non-food products to both traditional and chain restaurant customers, hospitals, schools, hotels, industrial caterers and other venues where foodservice products are served.  sygma operating companies distribute a full line of food products and a wide variety of non-food products to certain chain restaurant customer locations.
we estimate that we serve approximately 16% of the $280 billion annual foodservice market in the united states (u.s.) based on industry data obtained from technomic, inc. from time to time, technomic may revise the methodology used to calculate the size of the foodservice market and, as a result, our percentage can change not only from our sales results, but also from such revisions. we also serve certain international geographies that vary in size and amount of market share.
according to industry sources, the foodservice, or food-away-from-home, market represents approximately 51% of the total dollars spent on food purchases made at the consumer level in the u.s. as of the end of calendar 2016. industry sources estimate the total foodservice market in the u.s. experienced a real sales increase of approximately 1.4% in calendar year 2016 and 2.3% in calendar year 2015.  real sales changes do not include the impact of inflation or deflation.
acquisition of brakes group on july 5, 2016, sysco consummated its acquisition of cucina lux investments limited (a private company limited by shares organized under the laws of england and wales), a holding company of the brakes group, pursuant to an agreement for the sale and purchase of securities in the capital of the brakes group, dated as of february 19, 2016 (the purchase agreement),
20
by and among sysco, entities affiliated with bain capital investors, llc, and members of management of the brakes group. following the closing of the brakes acquisition, the brakes group became a wholly owned subsidiary of sysco.
the brakes group is a large european foodservice business, supplying fresh, refrigerated and frozen food products, as well as non-food products and supplies, to foodservice customers. the brakes group's largest businesses are in the united kingdom (u.k.), france, and sweden, in addition to a presence in ireland, belgium, spain, and luxembourg. the brakes acquisition significantly strengthens sysco's position as the global leader in selling, marketing and distributing food products and offers attractive opportunities for organic growth and future expansion in european markets.
highlights and trends comparison of results from fiscal 2017 to fiscal 2016:
•   sales:
◦   increased 9.9%, or $5.0 billion, to $55.4 billion;
◦   adjusted sales, on a comparable 52-week basis and excluding brakes, increased 1.6%;
•   operating income:
◦   increased 11.0%, or $202.7 million, to $2.1 billion;
◦   adjusted operating income increased 17.1%, or $343 million, to $2.4 billion;
◦   adjusted operating income, on a comparable 52-week basis and excluding brakes, increased 12.4%;
•   net earnings:
◦   increased 20.3%, or $192.9 million, to $1.1 billion;
◦   adjusted net earnings increased 11.9%, or $145 million, to $1.4 billion;
◦   adjusted net earnings, on a comparable 52-week basis and excluding brakes, increased 8.0%;
•   basic earnings per share:
◦   increased 26.5%, or $0.44, to $2.10 from the comparable prior year amount of $1.66 per share;
•   diluted earnings per share:
◦   increased 26.8%, or $0.44, to $2.08 from the comparable prior year amount of $1.64 per share;
◦   adjusted diluted earnings per share were $2.48 in fiscal 2017, an 18.1% increase from the comparable prior year amount of $2.10 per share and a 20.4% increase on a comparable 52-week basis;
◦   adjusted diluted earnings per share, on a comparable 52-week basis and excluding brakes, were $2.34 in fiscal 2017, a 13.6% increase.
see "non-gaap reconciliations" for an explanation of these non-gaap financial measures.
the general foodservice market environment since the beginning of fiscal 2017 has reflected a modestly growing u.s. economy, disparate regional economic conditions in canada, and mixed economic backdrops in the u.k., ireland, france and sweden. while we continue to transition some large contract customers in our u.s. foodservice operations, our case growth with local customers in that business segment improved during the second half of the year. favorable consumer confidence throughout much of the u.s. contributed to restaurant check size increases, even though year-over-year traffic trends were unfavorable in certain customer segments. throughout fiscal 2017, we provided our customers with excellent service, delivered case growth through a focus on local customers, improved our gross profit dollars and effectively managed overall expenses. these are all important steps towards achieving our three-year plan financial objectives. we also completed the brakes acquisition, which added positively to our results.
our sales and gross profit performance can be influenced by multiple factors including price, volume and product mix.  the modest level of growth in the foodservice market has created additional competitive pricing pressures, which can impact our profitability. the majority of our sales are to locally managed customers and multi-unit customers. our locally managed customers, including independent restaurant customers, comprise a greater percentage of our profitability as compared to multi-unit customers. case growth with our locally managed broadline business is important to drive gross profit dollar growth.  our sales to multi-unit customers, including chain restaurants and multi-locational restaurants, also comprise a significant portion of our overall volumes. gross margin on sales to our multi-unit customers is generally lower than on sales to other types of customers due to the higher volumes we sell to these customers. in fiscal 2017, we grew our cases with local customers; however, case growth for our multi-unit customers declined due in part to our efforts to deliver disciplined, profitable growth. we will continue to focus on local customer growth by providing value through innovative product offerings and value-added services, along with improved e-commerce capabilities. we also expect case growth trends for multi-unit customers to begin to improve as we progress through fiscal 2018. we offer an assortment of sysco-branded products that we can differentiate from privately branded products, which enables us to achieve higher gross profits. as a result, we focus on sales growth for these products, especially with locally managed customers. inflation is a factor that contributes to the level of sales and gross profit growth and can be a factor that contributes
21
to gross margin pressure.  we experienced deflation at a rate of 0.6% for fiscal 2017. deflation in fiscal 2017 occurred primarily in the meat, dairy and produce categories, partially offset by modest inflation in other categories. we saw modest overall inflation during the last quarter of the year, driven by poultry, produce, dairy and seafood categories. we expect inflation to continue for the balance of calendar 2017. periods of high inflation, either overall or in certain product categories, can have an unfavorable effect on us and our customers, as high food costs can be difficult to pass on to our customers.
we have experienced higher operating expenses in fiscal 2017, as compared to fiscal 2016, that are attributable to higher case volumes and the addition of the brakes group. while these costs are increasing, certain of our expenses declined, including fuel costs attributable to lower fuel prices in fiscal 2017, as compared to fiscal 2016. we expect operating expenses to increase in fiscal 2018, primarily driven by anticipated growth in case volume. we also expect transportation costs to increase due to higher fuel prices. we intend to make increased investments in the sales team, which will drive local case growth. we have also incurred certain items in fiscal 2017 for restructuring costs, currently consisting of the impact of changes to our business technology strategy, restructuring expenses within our brakes group operations, professional fees incurred related to our three-year strategic plan, and severance charges. additionally, we incurred costs associated with a withdrawal from a multiemployer pension plan in fiscal 2017.
during the year, brakes performed reasonably well amidst a challenging environment in the u.k., exceeding our expectations for earnings per share accretion by contributing $0.09 per share for fiscal 2017. on an adjusted basis, our brakes group operations contributed approximately $0.14 per share to our adjusted consolidated earnings per share for fiscal 2017. the brakes group is progressing in its supply chain transformational efforts as it moves to multi-temperature capability across the u.k. growth in france remains steady. additionally we continue to see long term opportunities for growth across our new european business. see "non-gaap reconciliations" for an explanation of these non-gaap financial measures.
strategy we are focused on optimizing our core foodservice business through our customer centric strategy with a "one sysco" approach that is being executed at a high level and that positions us to deliver disciplined, profitable and sustainable growth moving forward. we aspire to be the most valued and trusted business partner for all of our customers and are committed to delivering on our targeted financial objectives for sysco's shareholders. we will continue to develop and refine current key strategic initiatives, such as category management, revenue management, enhanced customer facing technology and multiple productivity improvement measures, in our ongoing effort to create competitive advantage. we will do this by deepening our customer insight work, continually enhancing our technology capabilities and by attracting and developing highly capable and increasingly diverse leaders and associates.  we have identified five components of our strategy to help us achieve our mission and vision as follows:
•   partnership - profoundly enrich the experience of doing business with sysco: our primary focus is to help our customers succeed. we believe that by building on our current competitive advantages, we will be able to further differentiate our offering to customers. our competitive advantages include our marketing associates; our diversified product base, which includes quality-assured sysco brand products; the suite of services we provide to our customers such as business reviews and menu analysis; and our multi-regional presence in north america and europe. in addition, we have a portfolio of businesses spanning broadline, chain restaurant distribution, specialty produce, specialty meat, hotel amenities, specialty import and export which serves our customers' needs across a wide array of business segments. we believe this strategy of enriching the experience of doing business with sysco will increase customer retention and profitably accelerate sales growth with both existing and new customers.
•   productivity - continuously improve productivity in all areas of our business: we continually strive to improve productivity and improve cost management. from modernizing software systems to leveraging the power of our end-to-end supply chain, we continue to invest in ways to improve our service to our customers.
•   products - enhance our portfolio of products and services by initiating a customer-centric innovation program: we continually explore opportunities to provide new and improved products, technologies and services to our customers.
•   people - leverage talent, structure, and culture to drive performance: our ability to drive results and grow our business is directly linked to having the best talent in the industry. we are committed to the continued enhancement of our talent management programs in terms of how we recruit, select, train and develop our associates throughout sysco, as well as succession planning. our ultimate objective is to provide all of our associates with an inclusive environment and outstanding opportunities for professional growth and career development.
•   portfolio - explore, assess and pursue new businesses and markets: this strategy is focused on identifying opportunities to expand within our core business, which could include growth in new international markets, and in adjacent areas that complement our core foodservice distribution business. as a part of our ongoing strategic analysis,
22
we regularly evaluate business opportunities, including potential acquisitions, joint ventures and sales of assets and businesses.
in fiscal 2016, we set three-year financial targets to be achieved by the end of fiscal 2018:
•   improve adjusted operating income by at least $500 million using fiscal 2015 as the base year. this was subsequently increased to a range of $600 million to $650 million;
•   grow adjusted earnings per share faster than operating income; and
•   achieve 15% in return on invested capital improvement for existing businesses.
because our original targets were set without the contemplation of the brakes acquisition, our brakes group operations are not included in our adjusted operating income improvement or earnings per share goals.
the key strategic levers of our three-year plan include delivering accelerated case growth through a focus on local customers, growing gross profit dollars and managing overall expenses. our strategic focus on accelerating growth with local customers utilizes an insights-based, customer-centric approach that permeates everything we do. we have improved the capabilities of our sales force through investments made in training, technology and targeted specialized resources and, as a result, our marketing associates are spending more time working with our customers on value-added activities and consultative services, such as menu analysis, inventory management, and business reviews. these services foster a deeper relationship with our customers and further enforces the role that the sales force plays in helping our customers succeed. we have seen improvements in our return on invested capital, as net working capital performance continues to improve, driven by improvements in payables, receivables and inventory.
during fiscal 2017, we delivered the following results against these objectives, as compared to fiscal 2016:
•   total sales grew 9.9%; and increased 1.6% on a comparable 52-week basis and excluding brakes;
•   gross profit dollars grew by 16.8% and expanded gross margin by 112 basis points; and adjusted gross profit dollars, on a comparable 52-week basis and excluding brakes, grew by 4.1%, which included gross margin expansion of 43 basis points;
•   operating expenses grew by 18.3%; and adjusted operating expenses, on a comparable 52-week basis and excluding brakes, grew by 1.7%;
•   operating income grew by 11.0%; and adjusted operating income, on a comparable 52-week basis and excluding brakes, grew by 12.4%; and
•   diluted earnings per share grew 26.8%; and adjusted diluted earnings per share, on a comparable 52-week basis and excluding brakes, grew 13.6%.
over this two-year period since establishing our three-year financial targets, we have grown our operating income by $823.8 million and our adjusted operating income by $416.9 million. the difference between our reported amount and adjusted amount includes the impact of the brakes acquisition. additionally, our operating income goal was established on an adjusted basis given certain item charges that were applicable in fiscal 2015, which were primarily due to termination costs in connection with the merger that had been proposed with us foods and financing costs related to the senior notes that were issued in fiscal 2015 to fund the proposed us foods merger. we expect to continue to drive leverage between gross profit growth and expense growth and believe that we will achieve the high end of our $600 million to $650 million adjusted operating income goal.
see "non-gaap reconciliations" for an explanation of these non-gaap financial measures.
23
results of operations the following table sets forth the components of our consolidated results of operations expressed as a percentage of sales for the periods indicated:
2017                                             2016            2015
sales                           100   %     100.0   %       100.0   %
cost of sales                  80.9          82.1            82.4
gross profit                   19.1          17.9            17.6
operating expenses             15.4          14.3            15.0
operating income                3.7           3.7             2.5
interest expense                0.5           0.6             0.5
other expense (income), net       -           0.2            (0.1   )
earnings before income taxes    3.2           2.8             2.1
income taxes                    1.1           1.0             0.7
net earnings                    2.1   %       1.9   %         1.4   %
the following table sets forth the change in the components of our consolidated results of operations expressed as a percentage increase or decrease over the comparable period in the prior year:
2017                                                      2016
sales                                9.9   %           3.5   %
cost of sales                        8.4               3.0
gross profit                        16.8               5.7
operating expenses                  18.3              (1.8   )
operating income                    11.0              50.5
interest expense                    (1.1   )          20.1
other expense (income), net (1)   (114.3   )        (431.5   )
earnings before income taxes        23.3              42.1
income taxes                        29.0              50.4
net earnings                        20.3   %          38.3   %
basic earnings per share            26.5   %          43.1   %
diluted earnings per share          26.8              42.6
average shares outstanding          (5.2   )          (3.2   )
diluted shares outstanding          (5.0   )          (3.3   )
(1)   other expense (income), net was income of $15.9 million in fiscal 2017 and expense of $111.3 million in fiscal 2016.
segment results we have aggregated certain of our operating segments into three reportable segments. "other" financial information is attributable to the company's other operating segments that do not meet the quantitative disclosure thresholds.
•   u.s. foodservice operations - primarily includes u.s. broadline operations, custom-cut meat and seafood companies, freshpoint (our specialty produce companies) and european imports (a specialty import company);
•   international foodservice operations - includes broadline operations in canada and europe, including the brakes group (which was acquired in fiscal 2017), bahamas, mexico, costa rica and panama, as well as a company that distributes to international customers;
•   sygma - our customized distribution subsidiary; and
•   other - primarily our hotel supply operations and our sysco ventures platform, which includes our suite of technology solutions that help support the business needs of our customers.
24
broadline operating companies distribute a full line of food products and a wide variety of non-food products to both traditional and chain restaurant customers, hospitals, schools, hotels, industrial caterers and other venues where foodservice products are served. sygma operating companies distribute a full line of food products and a wide variety of non-food products to certain chain restaurant customer locations.
management evaluates the performance of each of our operating segments based on its respective operating income results.  corporate expenses generally include all expenses of the corporate office and sysco's shared services center.  these also include all share-based compensation costs.  while a segment's operating income may be impacted in the short-term by increases or decreases in gross profits, expenses, or a combination thereof, over the long-term, each business segment is expected to increase its operating income at a greater rate than sales growth.  this is consistent with our long-term goal of leveraging earnings growth at a greater rate than sales growth.
the following represents our results by reportable segments, and also demonstrates the impact of the brakes group's results on our international foodservice operations segment:
52-week period ended july 1, 2017
u.s. foodservice operations             international foodservice operations                    sygma                  other       corporate                         consolidated totals
(in thousands)
sales                                                 $37,604,698                                   $10,613,059                         $6,178,909               $974,473            $-                          $55,371,139
sales increase (decrease)                                    (0.5          )%                              95.2              %                 1.3    %              (7.4   )%                                           9.9      %
percentage of total                                          67.9           %                              19.2              %                11.2    %               1.7    %                                         100.0      %
operating income                                       $2,891,612                                      $243,116                            $23,299                $20,279            $(1,125,135     )            $2,053,171
operating income increase (decrease)                          4.3           %                              37.2              %               (15.2   )%             (37.8   )%                                          11.0      %
percentage of total segments                                 91.0           %                               7.6              %                 0.7    %               0.6    %                                         100.0      %
operating income as a percentage of sales                     7.7           %                               2.3              %                 0.4    %               2.1    %                                           3.7      %
53-week period ended july 2, 2016
u.s. foodservice operations             international foodservice operations                   sygma                   other       corporate                         consolidated totals
(in thousands)
sales                                                 $37,776,443                                    $5,436,209                         $6,102,328              $1,051,939           $-                          $50,366,919
sales increase (decrease)                                     4.6           %                              (2.8             )%                 0.4   %                15.2   %                                           3.5      %
percentage of total                                          75.0           %                              10.8              %                12.1   %                 2.1   %                                         100.0      %
operating income                                       $2,771,932                                      $177,159                            $27,469                 $32,586           $(1,158,646     )            $1,850,500
operating income increase (decrease)                         11.2           %                               3.7              %                34.8   %                22.5   %                                          50.5      %
percentage of total segments                                 92.1           %                               5.9              %                 0.9   %                 1.1   %                                         100.0      %
operating income as a percentage of sales                     7.3           %                               3.3              %                 0.5   %                 3.1   %                                           3.7      %
52-week period ended june 27, 2015
u.s. foodservice operations             international foodservice operations                   sygma                 other       corporate                         consolidated totals
(in thousands)
sales                                                 $36,098,977                                    $5,592,137                         $6,076,215              $913,423           $-                          $48,680,752
percentage of total                                          74.2           %                              11.5              %                12.5   %               1.8   %                                         100.0      %
operating income                                       $2,493,210                                      $170,913                            $20,381               $26,596           $(1,481,738     )            $1,229,362
percentage of total segments                                 92.0           %                               6.3              %                 0.8   %               1.0   %                                         100.0      %
operating income as a percentage of sales                     6.9           %                               3.1              %                 0.3   %               2.9   %                                           2.5      %
nm represent that the percentage change is not meaningful.
25
based on information in note 21, "business segment information" in fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016, u.s. foodservice operations and international foodservice operations represented approximately 67.9% and 19.2%, respectively, of sysco's overall sales. in fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016, u.s. foodservice operations and international foodservice operations collectively represented approximately 91.0% and 7.6%, respectively, of the total segment operating income.  this illustrates that these segments represent a substantial majority of our total segment results when compared to other reportable segments.
cost of sales primarily includes our product costs, net of vendor consideration, and includes in-bound freight. operating expenses include the costs of facilities, product handling, delivery, selling and general and administrative activities. fuel surcharges are reflected within sales and gross profit; fuel costs are reflected within operating expenses.
results of u.s. foodservice operations in fiscal 2017, the u.s. foodservice operations operating results represented approximately 67.9% of sysco's overall sales and 91.0% of the aggregated operating income of sysco's reporting segments. there are several factors that contribute to these higher operating results as compared to the other operating segments.  we have invested substantial amounts in assets, operating methods, technology and management expertise in this segment.  the breadth of its sales force, geographic reach of its distribution area and its purchasing power enable this segment to generate its relatively stronger results of operations.
the following tables set forth a summary of the components of operating income and adjusted operating income expressed as a percentage increase or decrease over the prior year:
2017                                                         2016                            change in dollars          % change
(in thousands)
sales                                      $37,604,698             $37,776,443               $(171,745       )       (0.5     )%
gross profit                                 7,556,392               7,413,436                 142,956                1.9
operating expenses                           4,664,780               4,641,504                  23,276                0.5
operating income                            $2,891,612              $2,771,932                $119,680                4.3      %
adjusted gross profit (non-gaap)            $7,556,392              $7,266,692                $289,700                4.0      %
adjusted operating expenses (non-gaap)       4,628,710               4,549,830                  78,880                1.7
adjusted operating income (non-gaap)        $2,927,682              $2,716,862                $210,820                7.8      %
2016                                                         2015                            change in dollars           % change
(in thousands)
sales                                      $37,776,443             $36,098,977              $1,677,466                 4.6      %
gross profit                                 7,413,436               6,934,223                 479,213                 6.9
operating expenses                           4,641,504               4,441,013                 200,491                 4.5
operating income                            $2,771,932              $2,493,210                $278,722                11.2      %
adjusted gross profit (non-gaap)            $7,266,692              $6,934,223                $332,469                 4.8      %
adjusted operating expenses (non-gaap)       4,549,830               4,438,172                 111,658                 2.5
adjusted operating income (non-gaap)        $2,716,862              $2,496,051                $220,811                 8.8      %
sales the following table sets forth the percentage and dollar value increase or decrease in sales over the prior year in order to demonstrate the cause and magnitude of change.
26
increase (decrease)                           increase (decrease)
2017                                                                                                       2016
(in millions)
cause of change                percentage                 dollars          percentage                   dollars case volume                   1.0   %                $377.7               3.1       %            $1,108.1
deflation                    (0.4   )                (134.6     )        (0.9       )              (333.7     )
acquisitions                  0.3           100.7                         0.3                        88.7
extra week in fiscal 2016    (0.8   )                (287.0     )         1.9                       728.3
other (1)                    (0.6   )                (228.5     )         0.2                        86.1
total sales increase         (0.5   )%              $(171.7     )         4.6       %            $1,677.5
(1)   case volume excludes the volume impact from our custom-cut meat and seafood companies that do not measure volume in cases. any impact in volumes from these operations are included within "other".
sales were 0.5% lower in fiscal 2017 than in fiscal 2016.  the largest driver of the 0.5% decrease was the extra week in fiscal 2016, which we estimate contributed 0.8% of the sales decline in fiscal 2017.  case volumes for the company's u.s. broadline operations including acquisitions within the last 12 months declined 1.0% in fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016.  we estimate that the extra week contributed 2.0% of the 1.0% case decline.  absent the impact of the extra week in fiscal 2016, case volume grew primarily from locally managed customers. other items impacting the change in sales, but to a lesser extent, were pricing management of product cost deflation and product mix.
increase (decrease)                           increase (decrease)
2016                                                                                                         2015
(in millions)
cause of change                percentage                   dollars          percentage                   dollars case volume                   3.1   %                $1,108.1               3.0       %            $1,020.6
(deflation) inflation        (0.9   )                  (333.7     )         3.7                     1,249.6
acquisitions                  0.3                        88.7               0.4           142.0
extra week in fiscal 2016     1.9                       728.3                 -                           -
other (1)                     0.2                        86.1              (0.4       )              (145.6     )
total sales increase          4.6   %                $1,677.5               6.7       %            $2,266.6
(1)   case volume excludes the volume impact from our custom-cut meat and seafood companies that do not measure volume in cases. any impact in volumes from these operations are included within "other."
sales for fiscal 2016 were 4.6% higher than fiscal 2015.  the largest drivers of the increases were case volume growth, an extra week in fiscal 2016 and sales from acquisitions that occurred within fiscal 2016.
operating income operating income increased by 4.3% in fiscal 2017 over fiscal 2016, primarily due to our gross profits growing at a faster pace than operating expenses. higher gross profits were achieved as we managed the deflationary environment in the first part of the year and operating expense increases were limited, reflecting favorable expense management. we estimate that the extra week in fiscal 2016 partially offset, by 2.0%, the year-over-year operating income growth.
gross profit dollars increased in fiscal 2017, as compared to fiscal 2016, primarily due to effective management of deflation, a more beneficial mix of local customer case growth and increased sales of sysco branded products to local customers. our case growth for sysco branded sales to local customers increased 62 basis points for fiscal 2017. the change in product costs, an internal measure of inflation or deflation, was estimated as deflation of 0.4% during fiscal 2017 for our u.s. broadline operations.  deflation in fiscal 2017 occurred primarily in the meat, dairy and produce categories, partially offset by modest inflation in other categories.
operating expenses increased in 2017, as compared to fiscal 2016, primarily due to costs associated with multiemployer pension plan withdrawal costs in fiscal 2017 and indirect spend. these increases were partially offset by the impact of the extra week in fiscal 2016, reduced fuel costs and pay-related expenses. indirect spend includes costs such as fleet maintenance and
27
supplies. for our u.s. broadline operations, our cost per case and adjusted cost per case increased $0.02 per case and decreased $0.01 per case, respectively, in fiscal 2017 as compared to fiscal 2016.  the decrease on an adjusted basis reflects improved productivity in the warehouse and execution of our functional standard organizational design, including a solid territory planning effort in sales. the portion of the decrease attributable to lower fuel prices was a $0.02 benefit per case. additionally, the impact of the extra week in fiscal 2016 was not large enough to produce a different result on a 52-week basis.
operating income increased by 11.2% in fiscal 2016 over fiscal 2015, primarily due to the extra week in fiscal 2016 and higher gross profits, partially offset by higher operating expenses attributable to higher case volumes. we estimate that the extra week contributed 2.3% of the 11.2% operating income growth.  our gross profit grew at a faster pace than operating expenses, reflecting favorable expense management.
gross profit dollars increased in fiscal 2016 as compared to fiscal 2015 primarily due to the extra week in fiscal 2016, sales volumes, including a more beneficial mix of local customer case growth, higher sales of sysco branded products to local customers, benefits of category management and revenue management and effective management of deflation. our focus on center of plate categories, such as beef, pork and poultry, and our emphasis on fresh produce helped drive gross profit growth. our case growth for sysco brand sales to local customers increased 82 basis points for fiscal 2016. the change in product costs, an internal measure of inflation or deflation, was estimated as deflation of 0.9% during fiscal 2016 for our u.s. broadline operations.  deflation in fiscal 2016 occurred primarily in the meat, seafood, dairy and poultry categories for both periods, partially offset by modest inflation in other categories.
operating expenses increased in 2016, as compared to fiscal 2015, primarily due to the extra week in fiscal 2016 and expenses attributable to higher case volumes. these increases were partially offset by reduced indirect spend and fuel costs and administrative expense. indirect spend includes costs such as fleet maintenance and supplies. for our u.s. broadline operations, our cost per case and adjusted cost per case decreased $0.04 per case in fiscal 2016 as compared to the corresponding periods of fiscal 2015.  the decrease reflects progress in productivity improvements and cost reductions in our supply chain including reduced fuel costs and indirect spend. the decrease attributable to lower fuel prices was a $0.04 benefit per case. adjustments to operating expenses were not large enough to produce a different result on an adjusted cost per case basis for fiscal 2016. additionally, the impact of the extra week in fiscal 2016 was not large enough to produce a different result on a 52-week basis.
results of international foodservice operations in fiscal 2017, the international foodservice operations operating results represented approximately 19.2% of sysco's overall sales and 7.6% of the aggregated operating income of sysco's segments, which excludes corporate expenses and adjustments.
the following tables set forth a summary of the components of operating income and adjusted operating income expressed as a percentage increase or decrease over the prior year:
2017                                                         2016                            change in dollars           % change
(in thousands)
sales                                      $10,613,059              $5,436,209              $5,176,850                95.2      %
gross profit                                 2,275,819                 938,942               1,336,877               142.4
operating expenses                           2,032,703                 761,783               1,270,920               166.8
operating income                              $243,116                $177,159                 $65,957                37.2      %
adjusted gross profit (non-gaap)              $941,967                $920,256                 $21,711                 2.4      %
adjusted operating expenses (non-gaap)         738,555                 738,210       345                                 -
adjusted operating income (non-gaap)          $203,412                $182,046                 $21,366                11.7      %
28
2016                                                         2015                            change in dollars          % change
(in thousands)
sales                                       $5,436,209              $5,592,137               $(155,928       )       (2.8     )%
gross profit                                   938,942                 969,433                 (30,491       )       (3.1      )
operating expenses                             761,783                 798,520                 (36,737       )       (4.6      )
operating income                              $177,159                $170,913                  $6,246                3.7      %
adjusted gross profit (non-gaap)              $920,256                $969,433                $(49,177       )       (5.1     )%
adjusted operating expenses (non-gaap)         738,210                 793,976                 (55,766       )       (7.0      )
adjusted operating income (non-gaap)          $182,046                $175,457                  $6,589                3.8      %
sales the following table sets forth the percentage and dollar value increase or decrease in sales over the comparable prior year period in order to demonstrate the cause and magnitude of change.
increase (decrease)                          increase (decrease)
2017                                                                                                        2016
(in millions)
cause of change                percentage                   dollars           percentage         dollars case volume                  (0.3   )%                 $(13.3     )         (2.0   )%            $(111.0     )
acquisitions (1)             99.0                     5,273.8                3.7                     204.2
foreign currency             (0.7   )                   (38.5     )        (10.7   )             (597.3      )
extra week in fiscal 2016    (4.0   )                  (108.2     )         1.93                     108.8
other                         1.2           63.0                             4.3                     239.4
total sales increase         95.2   %                $5,176.8               (2.8   )%            $(155.9     )
(1)   the impact of the brakes acquisition is included within this line only.
sales were 95.2% higher in fiscal 2017 than in fiscal 2016.  the increase for fiscal 2017 was primarily due to the acquisition of the brakes group, which added $5.2 billion during the year. the increase was partially offset by the impact of the extra week in fiscal 2016, a small decline in case volume, primarily in canada, and unfavorable changes in exchange rates used to translate our foreign sales into u.s. dollars. we had a modest decrease in sales in canada due to softer market conditions.
increase (decrease)                         increase (decrease)
2016                                                                                                     2015
(in millions)
cause of change                percentage         dollars                  percentage         dollars case volume                  (2.0   )%            $(111.0     )           7.5   %             $423.3
acquisitions                  3.7                     204.2               2.3           130.5
foreign currency            (10.7   )             (597.3      )          (8.3   )             (469.7      )
extra week in fiscal 2016    1.93                     108.8                 -                 -
other                         4.3                     239.4              (2.2   )             (126.0      )
total sales increase         (2.8   )%            $(155.9     )          (0.7   )%            $(41.9      )
sales were 2.8% lower in fiscal 2016 than in fiscal 2015.  the decrease for fiscal 2016 was primarily due to unfavorable changes in exchange rates used to translate our foreign sales into u.s. dollars, partially offset by the extra week within fiscal 2016. the consolidation of our joint venture in mexico in the last half of fiscal 2016 also partially offset lower sales.
29
operating income operating income increased by 37.2% in fiscal 2017 from fiscal 2016, primarily attributable to the brakes acquisition.  the brakes group is progressing in its supply chain transformational efforts as it moves to multi-temperature capability across the u.k. growth in france remains steady. excluding the brakes group, non-gaap operating income, adjusted for the impact of the extra week in fiscal 2016, increased 11.7% in fiscal 2017 as compared to fiscal 2016, primarily from managing costs effectively in canada within a deflationary and somewhat softer market environment. our joint venture in costa rica also experienced improved operating income performance.
gross profit dollars increased $1.3 billion in fiscal 2017 as compared to fiscal 2016, primarily due to the brakes acquisition. adjusted gross profit dollars, excluding the impact of brakes and on a comparable 52 week basis, increased 2.4%. adjusted gross profit dollar growth was higher due to improved sales execution and implementation of our customer focused initiatives, such as category management and revenue management in our canadian operations.
operating expenses increased $1.3 billion in fiscal 2017 as compared to fiscal 2016, largely due to the brakes acquisition. adjusted operating expenses excluding brakes were flat in fiscal 2017, as compared to fiscal 2016, as a result of our effectively managing costs by streamlining administrative expenses to improve productivity in the canadian business.
operating income increased by 3.7% in fiscal 2016 from fiscal 2015, primarily driven by improved operating performance, in addition to the impact of the extra week in fiscal 2016.
gross profit dollars decreased 3.1%, while operating expenses decreased 4.6% in fiscal 2016 as compared to fiscal 2015.  gross profit dollar growth was higher due to stronger relative mix of sales for our locally managed customers and case growth primarily in our canadian operations; however, these improvements were more than offset by unfavorable changes in exchange rates used to translate our gross profit into u.s. dollars.
operating expenses decreased in fiscal 2016 largely due to reduced general and administrative costs in our canadian operations, in addition to the favorable impact of changes in exchange rates used to translate our operating expenses into u.s. dollars.
results of sygma and other segment sygma operating companies distribute a full line of food products and a wide variety of non-food products to certain chain restaurant customer locations.
sales sales were 1.3% higher in fiscal 2017 than in fiscal 2016.  the increase for fiscal 2017 was primarily attributable to case growth. case growth was primarily the result of increased volume from existing customers, with additional new business also contributing to such growth.
sales were 0.4% higher in fiscal 2016 than in fiscal 2015.  the increase for fiscal 2016 was primarily due to the extra week within fiscal 2016, organic customer growth and the addition of new customers. partially offsetting these increases were lost and strategically resigned business, product cost deflation and lower fuel surcharges.
operating income operating income decreased by 15.2% in fiscal 2017 as compared to fiscal 2016, primarily driven by operating expense growth exceeding gross profit dollar growth.  gross profit dollars increased 3.3%, while operating expenses increased 4.5% in fiscal 2017 as compared to fiscal 2016.  gross profit dollar growth was lower due to higher product margins.  operating expenses increased in fiscal 2017 largely due to higher pay-related expenses.
operating income increased by 34.8% in fiscal 2016 from fiscal 2015, primarily driven by improved operating performance in addition to the impact of the extra week in fiscal 2016.  gross profit dollars decreased 3.2%, while operating expenses decreased 4.9% in fiscal 2016 as compared to fiscal 2015.  gross profit dollar growth was lower due to lower product margins and reduced fuel surcharges.  operating expenses decreased in fiscal 2016 largely due to reduced transportation costs reflecting improved retention of drivers and lower fuel costs. both transportation and warehouse costs, including pay-related expenses, improved from improved expense management and improved productivity.
30
"other" segment information is attributable to the company's other operating segments that do not meet the quantitative disclosure thresholds, primarily including our hotel supply operations and sysco labs, which includes our suite of technology solutions that help support the business needs of our customers and provides support for some of our business technology needs.
operating income decreased 37.8%, or $12.3 million, in fiscal 2017 as compared to fiscal 2016. the decrease was primarily attributable to the extra week applicable to fiscal 2016, partially offset by favorable results from our hotel supply operations.
operating income increased 22.5%, or $6.0 million, in fiscal 2016 as compared to fiscal 2015.  the increase was primarily attributable to the extra week applicable to fiscal 2016 and favorable results from our hotel supply operations.
corporate expenses corporate expenses in fiscal 2017 decreased $33.5 million, or 2.9%, as compared to fiscal 2016, due primarily to lower pay-related expenses, partially offset by an increase in our estimates for our reserves for our self-insurance program (which covers portions of workers' compensation, general and vehicle liability), resulting from wage increases and unfavorable claims developments.
included in corporate expenses are certain items that totaled $159.2 million in fiscal 2017, as compared to $146.2 million in fiscal 2016. certain items impacting fiscal 2017 were primarily expenses associated with our revised business technology strategy announced in fiscal 2016, as a result of which we recorded accelerated depreciation on our existing system and incurred expenses of $111.3 million in fiscal 2017 to convert to a modernized version of our established platform. we incurred $48.0 million in expenses in fiscal 2017 related to brakes acquisition transaction costs, project costs to convert to a modernized version of our established platform in conjunction with our revised business technology strategy, professional fees on 3-year financial objectives, and severance charges.
corporate expenses in fiscal 2016 decreased $323.1 million or 21.8%, as compared to fiscal 2015, due primarily to the decrease in certain items. certain items for fiscal 2016 primarily related to costs associated with our revised business technology strategy, brakes acquisition transaction costs, professional fees on our three-year financial objectives and severance charges. certain items for fiscal 2015 consisted of $554.7 million related to integration planning and transaction costs incurred in conjunction with the merger that had been proposed with us foods, including termination costs.
interest expense interest expense decreased $3.3 million for fiscal 2017, as compared to fiscal 2016 due to certain item interest costs specific to fiscal 2016, partially offset by higher relative debt levels in fiscal 2017. fiscal 2016 included a loss of $86.5 million in connection with the redemption of the notes issued in fiscal 2015 to fund the merger that was proposed with us foods. these items, along with interest expense incurred in fiscal 2016 through the date the senior notes were redeemed and interest cost incurred from financing the brakes acquisition, are included in our certain items. excluding certain items, our interest expense increased $120.7 million for fiscal 2017 from fiscal 2016 due to higher debt balances from senior notes that were issued in fiscal 2016 and commercial paper borrowings issued in fiscal 2017.
interest expense increased $51.3 million for fiscal 2016, as compared to fiscal 2015, primarily due to the redemption of the senior notes issued in fiscal 2015 to fund the merger that had been proposed with us foods. these senior notes were redeemed in the first quarter of fiscal 2016 and triggered a redemption loss of $86.5 million. this increase was partially offset by lower average debt levels in fiscal 2016 as compared to fiscal 2015. we incurred interest costs from financing the brakes acquisition in the last half of fiscal 2016. in fiscal 2015, we incurred interest costs related to the proposed merger with us foods. interest costs related to these proposed acquisitions, as well as the redemption costs noted above are considered certain items. our interest expense, excluding certain items, increased $61.8 million as compared to fiscal 2015, due to higher borrowing levels from senior notes that were issued in fiscal 2016 primarily for our accelerated share repurchase program.
net earnings net earnings increased 20.3% in fiscal 2017 as compared to the prior year due primarily to the items noted above, as well as items impacting our income taxes that are discussed in note 19, "income taxes."  adjusted net earnings increased 11.9% in fiscal 2017, primarily due to strong local case growth, gross profit growth with margin expansion, strong expense management and the results of the brakes group, partially offset by increased interest expense, which resulted in earnings growth that was lower than our operating income growth. adjusted net earnings, on a comparable 52-week basis and excluding brakes, increased 8.0% in fiscal 2017 as compared to fiscal 2016.
31
net earnings increased 38.3% in fiscal 2016 from fiscal 2015 due primarily to the items noted above and the beneficial impact from the favorable resolution of tax contingencies.  items impacting our income taxes from effective tax rates are discussed in note 19, "income taxes."  adjusted net earnings increased 8.0% in fiscal 2016 primarily from gross profit growth, strong expense management and the favorable resolutions of tax contingencies. an additional unfavorable impact on our net earnings and adjusted net earnings resulted from the strengthening u.s. dollar, which reduced both amounts by $11.5 million for fiscal 2016 as we converted foreign earnings to u.s. dollars.
earnings per share basic earnings per share in fiscal 2017 were $2.10, a 26.5% increase from the comparable prior year amount of $1.66 per share. diluted earnings per share in fiscal 2017 were $2.08, a 26.8% increase from the fiscal 2016 amount of $1.64 per share. adjusted diluted earnings per share in fiscal 2017 were $2.48, an 18.1% increase from the fiscal 2016 amount of $2.10 per share.  adjusted diluted earnings per share, on a comparable 52-week basis and excluding brakes, were $2.34, a 13.6% increase from the fiscal 2016 amount of $2.06 per share. these results were primarily attributable to the factors discussed above related to net earnings and a decrease in outstanding shares that resulted from our share repurchases in fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016.
basic earnings per share in fiscal 2016 were $1.66, a 43.1% increase from the fiscal 2015 amount of $1.16 per share.  diluted earnings per share in fiscal 2016 were $1.64, a 42.6% increase from the fiscal 2015 amount of $1.15. adjusted diluted earnings per share in fiscal 2016 were $2.06, a 12.0% increase from the fiscal 2015 amount of $1.84.  these results were primarily due to the factors discussed above related to net earnings and a decrease in outstanding shares that resulted from our accelerated share repurchase program.
non-gaap reconciliations sysco's consolidated results of operations are impacted by restructuring costs consisting of (1) expenses associated with our revised business technology strategy announced in fiscal 2016, as a result of which we recorded accelerated depreciation on our prior erp system and incurred costs to convert to a modernized version of our established platform, (2) professional fees related to our three-year strategic plan, (3) restructuring expenses within our brakes group operations, and (4) severance charges related to restructuring. our results of operations are also impacted by the following acquisition-related items: (1) intangible amortization expense, (2) transaction costs, and (3) integration costs. all acquisition-related costs in fiscal 2017 that have been excluded relate to the brakes acquisition. additionally, our results of operations were impacted by multiemployer pension plan withdrawal costs in fiscal 2017. fiscal 2016 acquisition-related costs, however, include (i) brakes acquisition related costs, (ii) termination costs in connection with the merger that had been proposed with us foods, inc. (us foods) and (iii) financing costs related to the senior notes that were issued in fiscal 2015 to fund the proposed us foods merger. these senior notes were redeemed in the first quarter of fiscal 2016, triggering a redemption loss of $86.5 million, and we incurred interest on these notes through the redemption date.  the brakes acquisition also resulted in non-recurring tax expense in fiscal 2017, primarily from non-deductible transaction costs. these fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016 items are collectively referred to as "certain items."
management believes that adjusting its operating expenses, operating income, operating margin as a percentage of sales, interest expense, net earnings and diluted earnings per share to remove these certain items provides an important perspective with respect to our underlying business trends and results and provides meaningful supplemental information to both management and investors that (1) is indicative of the performance of the company's underlying operations and facilitates comparisons on a year-over-year basis and (2) removes those items that are difficult to predict and are often unanticipated, and which as a result, are difficult to include in analysts' financial models and our investors' expectations with any degree of specificity. sysco's fiscal year ends on the saturday nearest to june 30th. this resulted in a 52-week year ending june 27, 2017 for fiscal 2017 and a 53-week year ending july 2, 2016 for fiscal 2016. because the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 contained an additional week as compared to fiscal 2017, our consolidated results of operations for fiscal 2017, and any related case growth metrics, are not directly comparable to the prior year. management believes that adjusting the fiscal 2016 results for the estimated impact of the additional week provides more comparable financial results on a year-over-year basis. as a result, the case growth and operating metrics for fiscal 2017 presented in the tables below reflect a comparison to fiscal 2016 as adjusted by one-fourteenth of the total metric for the fourth quarter. failure to make these adjustments causes the year-over-year changes in these metrics to be understated.
although sysco has a history of growth through acquisitions, the brakes group is significantly larger than the companies historically acquired by sysco, with a proportionately greater impact on sysco's consolidated financial statements. accordingly, sysco is also excluding from certain of its non-gaap financial measures for the relevant periods, solely those acquisition costs specific to the brakes acquisition. we believe this approach significantly enhances the comparability of sysco's adjusted results for fiscal 2017, 2016 and 2015. as the brakes acquisition took place at the beginning of fiscal 2017, and given the significance of the brakes acquisition, management believes that presenting sysco's adjusted financial measures, excluding the brakes group operating results (including, for this purpose, brakes group financing costs, which are not included in the brakes group gaap
32
operating results and are also not certain items), enhances comparability of the period over period financial performance of sysco's legacy business and allows investors to more effectively measure sysco's progress against the financial goals under sysco's three-year strategic plan.
sysco's fiscal year ends on the saturday nearest to june 30th.  this resulted in a 52-week year ending july 1, 2017 for fiscal 2017 and a 53-week year ending july 2, 2016 for fiscal 2016. because the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 contained an additional week as compared to fiscal 2017, our consolidated results of operations for fiscal 2017 are not directly comparable to the prior year. management believes that adjusting the fiscal 2016 consolidated results of operations for the estimated impact of the additional week provides more comparable financial results on a year-over-year basis. as a result, the metrics from the consolidated results of operations for fiscal 2016 presented in the table below are adjusted by one-fourteenth of the total metric for the fourth quarter. failure to make these adjustments causes the year-over-year changes in certain metrics such as sales, operating expenses, operating income, net earnings and diluted earnings per share to be understated, whereas in certain cases, a metric may actually have increased on a more comparable year-over-year basis.
the company uses these non-gaap measures when evaluating its financial results, as well as for internal planning and forecasting purposes.  these financial measures should not be used as a substitute for gaap measures in assessing the company's results of operations for periods presented.  an analysis of any non-gaap financial measure should be used in conjunction with results presented in accordance with gaap.  as a result, in the table below, each period presented is adjusted for the impact described above.  in the table below, individual components of diluted earnings per share may not add to the total presented due to rounding.  adjusted diluted earnings per share is calculated using adjusted net earnings divided by diluted shares outstanding.
2017                                                                                                                                                 2016             change in dollars               % change
(in thousands, except for share and per share data)
sales (gaap)                                                                                                $55,371,139                 $50,366,919                  $5,004,220                     9.9   %
impact of brakes                                                                                             (5,170,787     )                     -                  (5,170,787       )              nm less 1 week fourth quarter sales                                                                                      -                    (974,849     )               974,849                      nm comparable sales using a 52 weeks basis and excluding the impact of brakes (non-gaap)                       $50,200,352                 $49,392,070                    $808,282                     1.6   %
gross profit (gaap)                                                                                         $10,557,507                  $9,040,472                  $1,517,035                    16.8   %
impact of brakes                                                                                             (1,333,852     )                     -                  (1,333,852       )              nm less 1 week fourth quarter gross profit                                                                               -                    (178,774     )               178,774                      nm comparable gross profit using a 52 week basis and excluding the impact of brakes (non-gaap)                  $9,223,655                  $8,861,698                    $361,957                     4.1   %
gross margin (gaap)                                                                                                19.1     %                  17.9     %                                       112 bps impact of brakes                                                                                                    0.7                           -                                              69 bps less 1 week fourth quarter sales                                                                                      -                           -                                              -1 bps gross margin using a 52 week basis and excluding the impact of brakes (non-gaap)                                   18.4     %                  17.9     %                                        43 bps operating expenses (gaap)                                                                                    $8,504,336                  $7,189,972                  $1,314,364                    18.3   %
impact of mepp charge                                                                                           (35,600     )                     -                     (35,600       )              nm impact of restructuring costs (1)                                                                              (161,011     )              (123,134     )               (37,877       )            30.8
impact of acquisition-related costs (2)                                                                        (102,049     )               (35,614     )               (66,435       )              nm operating expenses adjusted for certain items (non-gaap)                                                     $8,205,676                  $7,031,224                  $1,174,452                    16.7   %
impact of brakes                                                                                            $(1,282,800     )                    $-                 $(1,282,800       )              nm impact of brakes restructuring costs (3)                                                                         13,732                           -                      13,732                      nm impact of brakes acquisition-related costs (2)                                                                   78,273                           -                      78,273                      nm less 1 week fourth quarter operating expenses                                                                         -                    (133,899     )               133,899                      nm operating expenses adjusted for certain items, extra week and excluding the impact of brakes (non-gaap)      $7,014,881                  $6,897,325                    $117,556                     1.7   %
33
2017                                                                                                                                               2016             change in dollars         % change
(in thousands, except for share and per share data)
operating income (gaap)                                                                                    $2,053,171                  $1,850,500                    $202,671                   11.0   %
impact of mepp charge                                                                                          35,600                           -                      35,600                 nm impact of restructuring costs (1)                                                                             161,011                     123,134                      37,877                   30.8
impact of acquisition-related costs (2)                                                                       102,049                      35,614                      66,435                 nm operating income adjusted for certain items (non-gaap)                                                     $2,351,831                  $2,009,248                    $342,583                   17.1   %
impact of brakes                                                                                             $(51,053     )                    $-                    $(51,053       )         nm impact of brakes restructuring costs (3)                                                                      (13,732     )                     -                     (13,732       )         nm impact of brakes acquisition-related costs (2)                                                                (78,273     )                     -                     (78,273       )         nm less 1 week fourth quarter operating income                                                                         -                     (44,876     )                44,876                 nm operating income adjusted for certain items, extra week and excluding the impact of brakes (non-gaap)      $2,208,773                  $1,964,372                    $244,401                   12.4   %
operating margin (gaap)                                                                                          3.71     %                  3.67     %                                       4 bps operating margin excluding certain items (non-gaap)                                                              4.25     %                  3.99     %                                       26 bps operating margin excluding certain items, extra week and brakes (non-gaap)                                       4.40     %                  3.98     %                                       42 bps interest expense (gaap)                                                                                      $302,878                    $306,146                     $(3,268       )         (1.1     )%
impact of acquisition financing costs                                                                               -                    (123,990     )               123,990                 nm interest expense adjusted for certain items (non-gaap)                                                       $302,878                    $182,156                    $120,722                   66.3   %
less 1 week fourth quarter other (income) expenses                                                                  -                      (3,975     )                 3,975                 nm interest expenses adjusted for certain items and extra week non-gaap)                                        $302,878                    $178,181                    $124,697                   70.0   %
other (income) expense (gaap)                                                                                $(15,937     )              $111,347                   $(127,284       )         nm impact of foreign currency re-measurement and hedging                                                               -                    (146,950     )               146,950                 nm other (income) expense adjusted for certain items (non-gaap)                                                 $(15,937     )              $(35,603     )               $19,666                 (55.2    )%
less 1 week fourth quarter other (income) expense                                                                   -                         403                        (403       )         nm other (income) expense adjusted for certain items, extra week and brakes (non-gaap)                          $(15,937     )              $(35,200     )               $19,263                 (54.7    )%
net earnings (gaap)                                                                                        $1,142,503                    $949,622                    $192,881                   20.3   %
impact of mepp charge                                                                                          35,600                           -                      35,600                 nm impact of restructuring costs (1)                                                                             161,011                     123,134                      37,877                   30.8
impact of acquisition-related costs (2)                                                                       102,049                      35,614                      66,435                 nm impact of acquisition financing costs                                                                               -                     123,990                    (123,990       )         nm impact of foreign currency re-measurement and hedging                                                               -                     146,950                    (146,950       )         nm tax impact of mepp charge                                                                                     (11,903     )                     -                     (11,903       )         nm tax impact of restructuring costs (5)                                                                         (51,184     )               (47,333     )                (3,851       )            8.1
tax impact of acquisition-related costs (5)                                                                   (19,003     )               (13,690     )                (5,313       )           38.8
tax impact of acquisition financing costs (5)                                                                       -                     (47,662     )                47,662                 nm tax impact of foreign currency re-measurement and hedging                                                           -                     (56,488     )                56,488                 nm net earnings adjusted for certain items (non-gaap)                                                         $1,359,073                  $1,214,137                    $144,936                   11.9   %
impact of brakes                                                                                             $(46,988     )                    $-                    $(46,988       )         nm impact of brakes restructuring costs (3)                                                                      (11,794     )                     -                     (11,794       )         nm impact of brakes acquisition-related costs (2)                                                                (67,221     )                     -                     (67,221       )         nm
34
2017                                                                                                                      2016             change in dollars            % change
(in thousands, except for share and per share data)
impact of interest expense on debt issued for the brakes acquisition (6)              83,633                           -                      83,633                   nm tax impact of interest expense on debt issued for the brakes acquisition (5)         (33,880     )                     -                     (33,880       )           nm less 1 week fourth quarter net earnings                                                    -                     (26,119     )                26,119                   nm net earnings adjusted for certain items, extra week and brakes (non-gaap)         $1,282,823                  $1,188,018                     $94,805                  8.0   %
diluted earnings per share (gaap)                                                      $2.08                       $1.64                       $0.44                 26.8   %
impact of mepp charge                                                                   0.06                           -                        0.06                   nm impact of restructuring costs (1)                                                       0.29                        0.21                        0.08                 38.1
impact of acquisition-related costs (2)                                                 0.19                        0.06                        0.13                   nm impact of acquisition financing costs                                                      -                        0.21                       (0.21       )           nm impact of foreign currency re-measurement and hedging                                      -                        0.25                       (0.25       )           nm tax impact of mepp charge                                                              (0.02     )                     -                       (0.02       )           nm tax impact of restructuring costs (5)                                                  (0.09     )                 (0.08     )                 (0.01       )         12.5
tax impact of acquisition-related costs (5)                                            (0.03     )                 (0.02     )                 (0.01       )         50.0
tax impact of acquisition financing costs (5)                                              -                       (0.08     )                  0.08                   nm tax impact of foreign currency re-measurement and hedging                                  -                       (0.10     )                  0.10                   nm diluted eps adjusted for certain items (non-gaap) (4)                                  $2.48                       $2.10                       $0.38                 18.1   %
impact of brakes                                                                      $(0.09     )                    $-                      $(0.09       )           nm impact of brakes restructuring costs (3)                                               (0.02     )                     -                       (0.02       )           nm impact of brakes acquisition-related costs (2)                                         (0.12     )                     -                       (0.12       )           nm impact of interest expense on debt issued for the brakes acquisition (6)                0.15                           -                        0.15                   nm tax impact of interest expense on debt issued for the brakes acquisition (5)           (0.06     )                     -                       (0.06       )           nm total impact of brakes certain items                                                  $(0.05     )                    $-                      $(0.05       )           nm total brakes accretion (non-gaap)                                                     $(0.14     )                    $-                       $0.14                   nm less 1 week impact of fourth quarter diluted earnings per share                            -                       (0.05     )                  0.05                   nm diluted eps adjusted for certain items, extra week and brakes (non-gaap) (4)           $2.34                       $2.06                       $0.37                 13.6   %
diluted eps adjusted for certain items (non-gaap) (4)                                  $2.48                       $2.10                       $0.38                 18.1   %
less 1 week impact of fourth quarter diluted earnings per share                            -                       (0.05     )                  0.05                   nm diluted eps adjusted for certain items and extra week (non-gaap) (4)                   $2.48                       $2.06                       $0.42                 20.4   %
(1)   fiscal 2017 includes $111 million in accelerated depreciation associated with our revised business technology strategy and $46 million related to professional fees on 3-year financial objectives, restructuring expenses within our brakes operations, costs to convert to legacy systems in conjunction with our revised business technology strategy and severance charges related to restructuring.
(2)   fiscal 2017 includes $76 million related to intangible amortization expense from the brakes acquisition, which is included in the results of brakes and $24 million in transaction costs. fiscal 2016 includes us foods merger termination costs.
(3)   includes brakes acquisition restructuring charges.
(4)   individual components of diluted earnings per share may not add to the total presented due to rounding. total diluted earnings per share is calculated using adjusted net earnings divided by diluted shares outstanding.
(5)   the tax impact of adjustments for certain items are calculated by multiplying the pretax impact of each certain item by the statutory rates in effect for each jurisdiction where the certain item was incurred. the adjustments also include $7 million in non-deductible transaction costs and $4 million in other one-time costs related to the brakes acquisition.
35
(6)   sysco corporation issued debt to fund the acquisition. the interest expense arising from the debt issued is attributed to the incremental impact of brakes operating results, even though it is not a direct obligation of the brakes group and is not considered a certain item.
nm represents that the percentage change is not meaningful.
2016                                                                                                                     2015             change in dollars               % change
(in thousands, except for share and per share data)
sales (gaap)                                                                    $50,366,919                 $48,680,752                  $1,686,167                     3.5      %
less 1 week fourth quarter sales                                                   (974,849     )                     -                    (974,849       )              nm comparable sales using a 52 week basis (non-gaap)                               $49,392,070                 $48,680,752                    $711,318                     1.5      %
gross profit (gaap)                                                              $9,040,472                  $8,551,516                    $488,956                     5.7      %
less 1 week fourth quarter gross profit                                            (178,774     )                     -                    (178,774       )              nm comparable gross profit using a 52 week basis (non-gaap)                         $8,861,698                  $8,551,516                    $310,182                     3.6      %
gross margin using a 52 week basis                                                     17.9     %                  17.6     %                    $-                     2.1      %
operating expenses (gaap)                                                        $7,189,972                  $7,322,154                   $(132,182       )            (1.8     )%
impact of restructuring costs (1)                                                  (123,134     )                (7,801     )              (115,333       )         1,478.4
impact of acquisition-related costs (2)                                             (35,614     )              (554,667     )               519,053                   (93.6      )
operating expenses adjusted for certain items (non-gaap)                         $7,031,224                  $6,759,686                    $271,538                     4.0      %
less 1 week fourth quarter operating income                                       $(133,899     )                    $-                   $(133,899       )              nm operating expenses adjusted for certain items and extra week (non-gaap)          $6,897,325                  $6,759,686                    $137,639                     2.0      %
operating income (gaap)                                                          $1,850,500                  $1,229,362                    $621,138                    50.5      %
impact of restructuring costs (1)                                                   123,134                       7,801                     115,333                      nm impact of acquisition-related costs (2)                                              35,614                     554,667                    (519,053       )           (93.6      )
operating income adjusted for certain items (non-gaap)                           $2,009,248                  $1,791,830                    $217,418                    12.1      %
less 1 week fourth quarter operating income                                        $(44,876     )                    $-                    $(44,876       )              nm operating income adjusted for certain items and extra week (non-gaap)            $1,964,372                  $1,791,830                    $172,542                     9.6      %
operating margin (gaap)                                                                3.67     %                  2.53     %                  1.15       %            45.5      %
operating margin (non-gaap)                                                            3.99     %                  3.68     %                  0.31       %             8.4      %
operating margin adjusted for 52 weeks (non-gaap)                                      3.98     %                  3.68     %                  0.30       %             8.1      %
interest expense (gaap)                                                            $306,146                    $254,807                     $51,339                    20.1      %
impact of acquisition financing costs (3)                                          (123,990     )              (138,422     )                14,432                   (10.4      )
interest expense adjusted for certain items (non-gaap)                             $182,156                    $116,385                     $65,771                    56.5      %
less 1 week fourth quarter other (income) expenses                                  $(3,975     )                    $-                     $(3,975       )              nm interest expenses adjusted for certain items and extra week (non-gaap)             $178,181                    $116,385                     $61,796                    53.1      %
other (income) expense (gaap)                                                      $111,347                    $(33,592     )              $144,939                      nm impact of foreign currency re-measurement and hedging                              (146,950     )                     -                    (146,950       )              nm other (income) expense adjusted for certain items (non-gaap)                       $(35,603     )              $(33,592     )               $(2,011       )             6.0      %
less 1 week fourth quarter other (income) expense                                      $403                          $-                        $403                      nm other (income) expense adjusted for certain items and extra week (non-gaap)        $(35,200     )              $(33,592     )               $(1,608       )             4.8      %
36
2016                                                                                                           2015             change in dollars             % change
(in thousands, except for share and per share data)
net earnings (gaap)                                                      $949,622                    $686,773                    $262,849                  38.3      %
impact of restructuring costs (1)                                         123,134                       7,801                     115,333                    nm impact of acquisition-related costs (2)                                    35,614                     554,667                    (519,053       )         (93.6      )
impact of acquisition financing costs (3)                                 123,990                     138,422                     (14,432       )         (10.4      )
impact of foreign currency re-measurement and hedging                     146,950                           -                     146,950                    nm tax impact of restructuring costs (4)                                     (47,333     )                (3,200     )               (44,133       )            nm tax impact of acquisition-related costs (4)                               (13,690     )              (227,518     )               213,828                 (94.0      )
tax impact of acquisition financing costs (4)                             (47,662     )               (56,779     )                 9,117                 (16.1      )
tax impact of foreign currency re-measurement and hedging                 (56,488     )                     -                     (56,488       )            nm net earnings adjusted for certain items (non-gaap)                     $1,214,137                  $1,100,166                    $113,971                  10.4      %
less 1 week fourth quarter net earnings                                  $(26,119     )                    $-                    $(26,119       )            nm net earnings adjusted for certain items and extra week (non-gaap)      $1,188,018                  $1,100,166                     $87,852                   8.0      %
diluted earnings per share (gaap) (1)                                       $1.64                       $1.15                       $0.49                  42.6      %
impact of restructuring costs (1)                                            0.21                           -                        0.21                    nm impact of acquisition-related costs (2)                                      0.06                        0.93                       (0.87       )         (93.5      )
impact of foreign currency re-measurement and hedging                        0.25                           -                        0.25                    nm impact of acquisition financing costs (3)                                    0.21                        0.24                       (0.03       )         (12.5      )
tax impact of restructuring costs (4)                                       (0.08     )                     -                       (0.08       )            nm tax impact of acquisition-related costs (4)                                 (0.02     )                 (0.38     )                  0.36                 (94.7      )
tax impact of acquisition financing costs (4)                               (0.08     )                 (0.10     )                  0.02                 (20.0      )
tax impact of foreign currency re-measurement and hedging                   (0.10     )                     -                       (0.10       )            nm diluted eps adjusted for certain items (non-gaap)                           $2.10                       $1.84                       $0.26                  14.1      %
less 1 week impact of fourth quarter diluted earnings per share             (0.05     )                     -                       (0.05       )            nm diluted eps adjusted for certain items (non-gaap) (5)                       $2.06                       $1.84                       $0.22                  12.0      %
diluted shares outstanding                                            577,391,406                 596,849,034
(1)   includes severance charges, professional fees on 3-year strategic plan financial objectives, facility closure costs and costs associated with our revised business technology strategy.
(2)   includes us foods merger and integration planning and transaction costs (first quarter fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015 only) and brakes acquisition transaction costs (third and fourth quarter fiscal 2016 only).
(3)   includes us foods financing costs (first quarter 2016 and fiscal 2015 only) and brakes acquisition financing costs (third and fourth quarter fiscal 2016 only).
(4)   the tax impact of adjustments for certain items are calculated based on jurisdiction by multiplying the pretax impact of each certain item by the statutory rates in effect for each jurisdiction. as a result, the effective rate for each certain item may differ based on the jurisdiction where the certain item was incurred.
(5)   individual components of diluted earnings per share may not add to the total presented due to rounding. total diluted earnings per share is calculated using adjusted net earnings divided by diluted shares outstanding.
nm represents that the percentage change is not meaningful.
set forth below is a reconciliation by segment of actual operating expenses and operating income to adjusted results for these measures for the periods presented:
u.s. foodservice operations                     2017   2016                    change in dollars       %/bps change sales (gaap)                         $37,604,698             $37,776,442       $(171,744       )       (0.5     )%
less 1 week fourth quarter sales               -                (728,270   )   728,270                 nm
37
comparable sales using a 52 week basis (non-gaap)                                               $37,604,698             $37,048,172            $556,526                1.5   %
gross profit (gaap)                                                                              $7,556,392              $7,413,436            $142,956                1.9   %
less 1 week fourth quarter sales                                                                          -                (146,744   )         146,744            nm comparable gross profit using a 52 week basis (non-gaap)                                         $7,556,392              $7,266,692            $289,700                4.0   %
gross margin (gaap)                                                                                   20.09   %               19.62   %                            47 bps less 1 week fourth quarter sales                                                                          -                    0.01                                nm comparable gross margin using a 52 week basis (non-gaap)                                              20.09   %               19.61   %                            48 bps operating expenses (gaap)                                                                        $4,664,780              $4,641,504             $23,276                0.5   %
impact of mepp charge                                                                               (35,600   )                   -             (35,600   )        nm impact of restructuring costs                                                                          (470   )              (3,351   )           2,881            (86.0     )
operating expenses adjusted for certain items (non-gaap)                                         $4,628,710              $4,638,153             $(9,443   )        (0.2      )%
less 1 week fourth quarter operating expenses                                                            $-                $(88,323   )         $88,323            nm operating expenses adjusted for extra week (non-gaap)                                            $4,628,710              $4,549,830             $78,880                1.7   %
operating income (gaap)                                                                          $2,891,612              $2,771,932            $119,680                4.3   %
impact of mepp charge                                                                                35,600                       -              35,600            nm impact of restructuring costs                                                                           470                   3,351              (2,881   )        (86.0     )
operating income adjusted for certain items (non-gaap)                                           $2,927,682              $2,775,283            $152,399                5.5   %
less 1 week fourth quarter operating income                                                               -                 (58,421   )          58,421            nm operating income adjusted for extra week (non-gaap)                                              $2,927,682              $2,716,862            $210,820                7.8   %
international foodservice operations sales (gaap)                                                                                    $10,613,059              $5,436,209          $5,176,850               95.2   %
impact of brakes                                                                                 (5,170,787   )                   -          (5,170,787   )        nm less 1 week fourth quarter sales                                                                          -                (108,097   )         108,097            nm comparable sales using a 52 week basis and excluding the impact of brakes (non-gaap)             $5,442,272              $5,328,112            $114,160                2.1   %
gross profit (gaap)                                                                              $2,275,819                $938,942          $1,336,877            nm impact of brakes                                                                                 (1,333,852   )                   -          (1,333,852   )        nm less 1 week fourth quarter sales                                                                          -                 (18,686   )          18,686            nm comparable gross profit using a 52 week basis and excluding the impact of brakes (non-gaap)        $941,967                $920,256             $21,711                2.4   %
gross margin (gaap)                                                                                   21.44   %               17.27   %                            417 bps impact of brakes                                                                                       4.14                       -                                nm less 1 week fourth quarter sales                                                                          -                       -                                nm comparable gross margin using a 52 week basis and excluding the impact of brakes (non-gaap)           17.30   %               17.27   %                            3 bps operating expenses (gaap)                                                                        $2,032,703                $761,783          $1,270,920            nm impact of restructuring costs (1)                                                                   (25,080   )              (8,945   )         (16,135   )        nm impact of acquisition-related costs (2)                                                             (78,273   )                   -             (78,273   )        nm operating expenses adjusted for certain items (non-gaap)                                         $1,929,350                $752,838          $1,176,512            nm impact of brakes                                                                                $(1,282,800   )                  $-         $(1,282,800   )        nm impact of brakes restructuring costs                                                                 13,732                       -              13,732            nm impact of brakes acquisition-related costs                                                           78,273                       -              78,273            nm
38
less 1 week fourth quarter operating expenses                                                                       -           (14,628   )        14,628            nm operating expenses adjusted for certain items, extra week and excluding the impact of brakes (non-gaap)      $738,555          $738,210              $345             -   %
operating income (gaap)                                                                                      $243,116          $177,159           $65,957          37.2   %
impact of restructuring costs (1)                                                                              25,080             8,945            16,135            nm impact of acquisition related costs (2)                                                                        78,273                 -            78,273            nm operating income adjusted for certain items (non-gaap)                                                       $346,469          $186,104          $160,365          86.2   %
impact of brakes                                                                                             $(51,053   )            $-          $(51,053   )        nm impact of brakes restructuring costs                                                                          (13,732   )             -           (13,732   )        nm impact of brakes acquisition-related costs                                                                    (78,273   )             -           (78,273   )        nm less 1 week fourth quarter operating income                                                                         -           $(4,058   )         4,058            nm operating income adjusted for certain items and excluding the impact of brakes (non-gaap)                    $203,411          $182,046           $21,365          11.7   %
(1)   fiscal 2017 includes brakes acquisition-related restructuring charges and other severance charges related to restructuring.
(2)   fiscal 2017 includes $76 million related to intangible amortization expense from the brakes acquisition, which is included in the results of the brakes group.
nm represents that the percentage change is not meaningful.
u.s. foodservice operations                                             2016                    2015           change in dollars           %/bps change sales (gaap)                                                 $37,776,442             $36,098,977              $1,677,465                   4.6   %
less 1 week fourth quarter sales                                (728,270   )                   -                (728,270       )            nm comparable sales using a 52 week basis (non-gaap)            $37,048,172             $36,098,977                $949,195                   2.6   %
gross profit (gaap)                                           $7,413,436              $6,934,223                $479,213                   6.9
less 1 week fourth quarter sales                                (146,744   )                   -                (146,744       )            nm comparable gross profit using a 52 week basis (non-gaap)      $7,266,692              $6,934,223                $332,469                   4.8   %
gross margin (gaap)                                                19.62   %               19.21   %                                    41 bps less 1 week fourth quarter sales                                    0.01                       -                                         1 bps comparable gross margin using a 52 week basis (non-gaap)           19.61   %               19.21   %                                    40 bps operating expenses (gaap)                                     $4,641,504              $4,441,013                $200,491                   4.5   %
impact of restructuring costs (1)                                 (3,351   )              (2,841   )                (510       )          18.0
operating expenses adjusted for certain items (non-gaap)      $4,638,153              $4,438,172                $199,981                   4.5   %
less 1 week fourth quarter operating expenses                    (88,323   )                   -                 (88,323       )            nm operating expenses adjusted for extra week (non-gaap)         $4,549,830              $4,438,172                $111,658                   2.5   %
operating income (gaap)                                       $2,771,932              $2,493,210                $278,722                  11.2   %
impact of restructuring costs (1)                                  3,351                   2,841       510                                18.0
operating income adjusted for certain items (non-gaap)        $2,775,283              $2,496,051                $279,232                  11.2   %
less 1 week fourth quarter operating income                      (58,421   )                   -                 (58,421       )            nm operating income adjusted for extra week (non-gaap)           $2,716,862              $2,496,051                $220,811                   8.8   %
international foodservice operations sales (gaap)                                                  $5,436,209              $5,592,137               $(155,928       )          (2.8   )%
less 1 week fourth quarter sales                                (108,097   )                   -                (108,097       )            nm
39
comparable sales using a 52 week basis (non-gaap)             $5,328,112              $5,592,137         $(264,025   )          (4.7   )%
gross profit (gaap)                                             $938,942                $969,433          $(30,491   )          (3.1   )%
less 1 week fourth quarter sales                                 (18,686   )                   -           (18,686   )            nm comparable gross margin using a 52 week basis (non-gaap)        $920,256                $969,433          $(49,177   )          (5.1   )%
gross margin (gaap)                                                17.27   %               17.34   %                          -7 bps less 1 week fourth quarter sales                                       -                       -                               0 bps comparable gross margin using a 52 week basis (non-gaap)           17.27   %               17.34   %                          -7 bps operating expenses (gaap)                                       $761,783                $798,520          $(36,737   )          (4.6   )%
impact of restructuring costs (1)                                 (8,945   )              (4,544   )        (4,401   )          96.9
operating expenses adjusted for certain items (non-gaap)        $752,838                $793,976          $(41,138   )          (5.2   )%
less 1 week fourth quarter operating expenses                    (14,628   )                   -           (14,628   )            nm operating expenses adjusted for extra week (non-gaap)           $738,210                $793,976          $(55,766   )          (7.0   )%
operating income (gaap)                                         $177,159                $170,913            $6,246               3.7    %
impact of restructuring costs (1)                                  8,945                   4,544             4,401              96.9
operating income adjusted for certain items (non-gaap)          $186,104                $175,457           $10,647               6.1    %
less 1 week fourth quarter operating income                       (4,058   )                   -            (4,058   )            nm operating income adjusted for extra week (non-gaap)             $182,046                $175,457            $6,589               3.8    %
(1)   includes severance charges, professional fees on 3-year financial objectives, facility closure costs and costs associated with our revised business technology strategy.
nm represents that the percentage change is not meaningful.
case growth case growth is impacted by the extra week in fiscal 2016. this amount is adjusted out of case growth measures to remove the extra week for comparability purposes for the same underlying reasons the extra week is excluded from the measures presented above. the table that follows provides a reconciliation of case growth to remove the impact of the extra week.
july 1, 2017(52 weeks)(gaap)          impact of 14th week from fiscal 2016          july 1, 2017(52 weeks basis)(non-gaap)
u.s. foodservice operations             (1.0   )%                                  2.0                    %                       0.9                     %
total local broadline                   (0.1   )                                   2.5                                            2.4
adjusted cost per case cost per case is an important metric management uses to measure our expense performance. this metric is calculated by dividing the total operating expense of our u.s. broadline companies by the number of cases sold. adjusted cost per case is calculated similarly; however, the operating expense component excludes certain items applicable to these companies, prior to dividing by the number of cases sold. in fiscal 2017, the u.s. broadline operations represented approximately 92% of the u.s. foodservice operations segment's sales and nearly 84% of its operating expenses. we seek to grow our sales and reduce our costs on a per-case basis.
in the table that follows, the change in adjusted cost per case is reconciled to costs per case for fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016.
40
increase (decrease)
2017                                                                                             2016
increase in cost per case (gaap basis)                              $0.022                $0.040
impact of certain items                                              0.032                     -
(decrease) increase in adjusted cost per case (non-gaap basis)      (0.011    )            0.040
impact of fuel prices                                               (0.022    )            0.040
increase in adjusted cost per case (non-gaap basis)                 $0.011                    $-
three-year financial targets sysco management considers adjusted roic to be a measure that provides useful information to management and investors in evaluating the efficiency and effectiveness of the company's long-term capital investments. in addition, we have targets and expectations that are based on adjusted results, including an adjusted roic target of 15%. we cannot predict with certainty when we will achieve these results or whether the calculation of our roic in such future period will be on an adjusted basis due to the effect of certain items, which would be excluded from such calculation. due to these uncertainties, to the extent our future calculation of roic is on an adjusted basis excluding certain items, we cannot provide a quantitative reconciliation of this non-gaap measure to the most directly comparable gaap measure without unreasonable effort. however, we would expect to calculate adjusted roic, if applicable, in the same manner as we have calculated this historically. all components of our adjusted roic calculation would be impacted by certain items. we calculate adjusted roic as adjusted net earnings divided by (i) stockholders' equity, computed as the average of adjusted stockholders' equity at the beginning of the year and at the end of each fiscal quarter during the year; and (ii) long-term debt, computed as the average of the long-term debt at the beginning of the year and at the end of each fiscal quarter during the year.
form of calculation:
net earnings (gaap)
impact of certain items on net earnings adjusted net earnings (non-gaap)
invested capital (gaap)
adjustments to invested capital adjusted invested capital (gaap)
return on investment capital (gaap)
return on investment capital (non-gaap)
41
we are two years into the three-year period under our strategic plan and are measuring our operating income performance against our targets on an adjusted basis. the following reconciles operating income cumulative growth from an adjusted to a gaap basis.
year ended                                                                       year ended july 1, 2017               july 2, 2016              period change               july 2, 2016              june 27, 2015              period change         cumulative 24-month change $ results
$                                                                                $
sales (gaap)                                                                                    $55,371,139                $50,366,919                 $5,004,220                $50,366,919                $48,680,752                 $1,686,167
impact of brakes                                                                                 (5,170,787      )                   -                 (5,170,787      )                   -                          -                          -
sales excluding the impact of brakes (non-gaap)                                                 $50,200,352                $50,366,919                  $(166,567      )         $50,366,919                $48,680,752                 $1,686,167
gross profit (gaap)                                                                             $10,557,507                 $9,040,472                 $1,517,035                 $9,040,472                 $8,551,516                   $488,956
impact of brakes                                                                                 (1,333,852      )                   -                 (1,333,852      )                   -                          -                          -
gross profit excluding the impact of brakes (non-gaap)                                           $9,223,655                 $9,040,472                   $183,183                 $9,040,472                 $8,551,516                   $488,956
gross margin (gaap)                                                                                   19.07      %               17.95      %                1.12      %               17.95      %               17.57      %                0.38      %
impact of brakes                                                                                       0.69                          -                       0.69                          -                          -                          -
gross margin excluding the impact of brakes (non-gaap)                                                18.38      %               17.95      %                0.43      %               17.95      %               17.57      %                0.38      %
operating expenses (gaap)                                                                        $8,504,336                 $7,189,972                 $1,314,364                 $7,189,972                 $7,322,154                  $(132,182      )
mepp charge                                                                                         (35,600      )                   -                                                     -
impact of restructuring costs (1)                                                                  (161,011      )            (123,134      )             (37,877      )            (123,134      )              (7,801      )            (115,333      )
impact of acquisition-related costs (2)                                                            (102,049      )             (35,614      )             (66,435      )             (35,614      )            (554,667      )             519,053
operating expenses adjusted for certain items (non-gaap)                                         $8,205,676                 $7,031,224                 $1,210,052                 $7,031,224                 $6,759,686                   $271,538
impact of brakes                                                                                 (1,282,800      )                   -                 (1,282,800      )                   -                          -                          -
impact of brakes restructuring costs (3)                                                             13,732                          -                     13,732                          -                          -                          -
impact of brakes acquisition-related costs (2)                                                       78,273                          -                     78,273                          -                          -                          -
operating expenses adjusted for certain items and excluding the impact of brakes (non-gaap)      $7,014,881                 $7,031,224                    $19,257                 $7,031,224                 $6,759,686                   $271,538
operating income (gaap)                                                                          $2,053,171                 $1,850,500                   $202,671                 $1,850,500                 $1,229,362                   $621,138                             $754,331
mepp charge                                                                                          35,600                          -                     35,600                          -                          -                          -                               35,600
impact of restructuring costs (1)                                                                   161,011                    123,134                     37,877                    123,134                      7,801                    115,333                              153,210
impact of acquisition-related costs (2)                                                             102,049                     35,614                     66,435                     35,614                    554,667                   (519,053      )                      (452,618              )
operating income adjusted for certain items (non-gaap)                                           $2,351,831                 $2,009,248                   $342,583                 $2,009,248                 $1,791,830                   $217,418                             $560,001
impact of brakes                                                                                    (51,053      )                   -                    (51,053      )                   -                          -                          -                              (51,053              )
impact of brakes restructuring costs (3)                                                            (13,732      )                   -                    (13,732      )                   -                          -                          -                              (13,732              )
impact of brakes acquisition-related costs (2)                                                      (78,273      )                   -                    (78,273      )                   -                          -                          -                              (78,273              )
operating income adjusted for certain items and excluding the impact of brakes (non-gaap)        $2,208,773                 $2,009,248                   $199,525                 $2,009,248                 $1,791,830                   $217,418                             $416,943
(1)   includes $111 million in accelerated depreciation associated with our revised business technology strategy and $46 million related to professional fees on 3-year financial objectives, restructuring expenses within our brakes operations, costs to convert to legacy systems in conjunction with our revised business technology strategy and severance charges related to restructuring.
(2)   fiscal 2017 includes $76 million related to intangible amortization expense from the brakes acquisition, which is included in the results of brakes and $24 million in transaction costs. fiscal 2016 includes us foods merger integration and termination costs.
42
(3)   includes brakes acquisition restructuring charges.
due to uncertainties in projecting certain items, we cannot provide a quantitative reconciliation of these non-gaap measures to the most directly comparable gaap measures without unreasonable effort. however, we would expect to calculate these adjusted results in the same manner as the reconciliations provided for the historical periods that are presented herein. the impact of future certain items could cause projected non-gaap amounts to differ significantly from our gaap results.
liquidity and capital resources highlights comparisons of the cash flows from fiscal 2017 to fiscal 2016:
•   cash flows from operations were $2.2 billion in fiscal 2017 compared to $1.9 billion in fiscal 2016;
•   net capital expenditures totaled $662.7 million in fiscal 2017 compared to $503.8 million in fiscal 2016;
•   free cash flow was $1.5 billion in fiscal 2017 compared to $1.4 billion in fiscal 2016 (see "non-gaap reconciliation" below under the heading "free cash flow");
•   cash used for acquisition of businesses was $2.9 billion in fiscal 2017 compared to $219.2 million in fiscal 2016;
•   there were $119.7 million of net bank borrowings in fiscal 2017 compared to no net bank borrowings in fiscal 2016;
•   dividends paid were $698.6 million in fiscal 2017 compared to $698.9 million in fiscal 2016; and
•   we repurchased $1.9 billion of shares in each of fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016.
in addition, for our senior notes:
•   we issued an aggregate of $750.0 million and $5.1 billion in new senior notes in fiscal 2017 and 2016, respectively; and
•   we redeemed senior notes in the amount of $5.1 billion in fiscal 2016, using cash on hand and proceeds from borrowings under our commercial paper program.
sources and uses of cash sysco's strategic objectives include continuous investment in our business; these investments are funded by a combination of cash from operations and access to capital from financial markets.  our operations historically have produced significant cash flow.  cash generated from operations is generally allocated to:
•   working capital requirements;
•   investments in facilities, systems, fleet, other equipment and technology;
•   return of capital to shareholders, including cash dividends and share repurchases;
•   acquisitions compatible with our overall growth strategy;
•   contributions to our various retirement plans; and
•   debt repayments.
any remaining cash generated from operations may be invested in high-quality, short-term instruments.  as a part of our ongoing strategic analysis, we regularly evaluate business opportunities, including potential acquisitions and sales of assets and businesses, and our overall capital structure.  any transactions resulting from these evaluations may materially impact our liquidity, borrowing capacity, leverage ratios and capital availability.
we continue to generate substantial cash flows from operations and remain in a strong financial position; however, our liquidity and capital resources can be influenced by economic trends and conditions that impact our results of operations.  we
43
believe our mechanisms to manage working capital, such as credit monitoring, optimizing inventory levels and maximizing payment terms with vendors, and our mechanisms to manage the items impacting our gross profits have been sufficient to limit a significant unfavorable impact on our cash flows from operations.  we believe these mechanisms will continue to prevent a significant unfavorable impact on our cash flows from operations.  seasonal trends also impact our cash flows from operations and free cash flow, as we use more cash earlier in the fiscal year and then see larger, sequential quarterly increases throughout the remainder of the year. as of july 1, 2017, we had $869.5 million in cash and cash equivalents, approximately 79.0% of which was held by our international subsidiaries generated from our earnings of international operations. if these earnings were transferred among countries or repatriated to the u.s., such amounts may be subject to additional tax obligations; however, we do not currently anticipate the need to repatriate this cash.
we believe the following sources will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash requirements for the next twelve months, while maintaining sufficient liquidity for normal operating purposes:
•   our cash flows from operations;
•   the availability of additional capital under our existing commercial paper programs, supported by our revolving credit facility and bank line of credit; and
•   our ability to access capital from financial markets, including issuances of debt securities, either privately or under our shelf registration statement filed with the securities and exchange commission (sec).
due to our strong financial position, we believe that we will continue to be able to effectively access the commercial paper market and long-term capital markets, if necessary.
cash flows operating activities fiscal 2017 vs. fiscal 2016
we generated $2.2 billion in cash flows from operations in fiscal 2017 compared to cash flow generation of $1.9 billion in fiscal 2016. this increase of $243.3 million year-over-year was largely attributable to higher operating results, improved working capital management and a favorable comparison on accrued expenses and other long-term liabilities. these were partially offset by an unfavorable comparison on accrued income taxes and deferred income taxes. the cash impact of our certain items decreased $193.9 million year-over-year. the cash impact of certain items will differ from the earnings impact of certain items, as the payments for these items may occur in a different period from the period in which the certain item charges were recognized in the statement of consolidated results of operations.
the statement of cash flows included within this annual report reflects the correction of misclassifications from the statement of cash flows included in the earnings release furnished with our current report on form 8-k filed on august 14, 2017. specifically, in comparing the cash flow statement to the unaudited statement provided in our form 8-k filed on august 14, 2017, "net cash provided by operating activities" decreased by $65.5 million, "net cash used in financing activities" increased $13.4 million and "effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents" decreased by $78.9 million. additionally, a reclassification between goodwill, intangible assets and deferred taxes was made in the fiscal 2017 consolidated balance sheet. goodwill increased by $26.4 million, intangible assets decreased by $31.8 million and deferred tax liabilities decreased by $5.3 million.
changes in working capital, specifically accounts receivable and accounts payable, had a positive impact of $166.1 million on the period over period comparison of cash flow from operations, primarily from improvements in accounts payable management.  this was partially offset by inventory. sales growth impacted all components of working capital; however, deflation contributed to lower levels of increase in fiscal 2017 as compared to fiscal 2016.
included in the change in other long-term liabilities was a positive comparison primarily from pension contributions. pension contributions were $57.6 million in fiscal 2017, including a $25.0 million contribution to our u.s. retirement plan in fiscal 2017, which resulted in a decrease to other long-term liabilities. pension contributions were $157.5 million in fiscal 2016, including a $130 million contribution to our retirement plan in fiscal 2016, which resulted in a decrease to other long-term liabilities. the level and timing of the contribution to our retirement plan in fiscal 2018 is still being determined.
the positive comparison on accrued expenses was primarily due to $312.5 million in us foods merger termination fees that were paid in fiscal 2016, partially offset by a $70.2 million decrease from incentive payments. our annual incentive payments,
44
for performance in the prior fiscal year, are paid in the first quarter of each succeeding fiscal year. incentive payments paid in fiscal 2017 were higher than amounts paid in fiscal 2016 due to larger payouts achieved from fiscal 2016 performance.
our tax payments in fiscal 2016 were lower than in fiscal 2017 due to changes in tax elections allowing us to accelerate tax deductions from method changes which, in turn, significantly reduced our estimated payments in fiscal 2016 by delaying the timing of these payments to future periods. additionally, sysco's fourth quarter u.s. estimated federal tax payment for fiscal 2016 was deferred to the second quarter of fiscal 2017 due to a disaster area designation for companies located in the houston area, the location of our corporate headquarters. we made tax payments of approximately $761.4 million in fiscal 2017, including an approximate $120 million for the deferred tax payment from the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016. we expect future tax payments to grow with our earnings.
fiscal 2016 vs. fiscal 2015
we generated $1.9 billion in cash flows from operations in fiscal 2016 compared to cash flow generation of $1.6 billion in fiscal 2015. this increase of 377.7 million year-over-year was largely attributable to tax payments deferred to future periods and improved working capital management, partially offset by an unfavorable comparison on accrued expenses and other long-term liabilities. the cash impact of our certain items increased $48.9 million year-over-year. the cash impact of certain items will differ from the earnings impact of certain items, as the payments for these items may occur in a different period from the period in which the certain item charges were recognized in the statement of consolidated results of operations. the extra week in fiscal 2016 also contributed to the increase in fiscal 2016 as compared to fiscal 2015.
our tax payments in fiscal 2016 were lower than in fiscal 2015 due to changes in tax elections allowing us to accelerate tax deductions from method changes which, in turn, significantly reduced our estimated payments in fiscal 2016 by delaying the timing of these payments to future periods. additionally, sysco's fourth quarter u.s. estimated federal tax payment was deferred to the second quarter of fiscal 2017 due to a disaster area designation for companies located in the houston area, the location of our corporate headquarters.
the negative comparison on accrued expenses was primarily due to $312.5 million in us foods merger termination payments and a $47.1 million decrease from incentive payments. our annual incentive payments, for performance in the prior fiscal year, are paid in the first quarter of each succeeding fiscal year. incentive payments paid in fiscal 2015 were lower than amounts paid in fiscal 2016 due to lower payouts achieved from fiscal 2014 performance. also contributing to the negative comparison was lower payroll accruals due to timing and reduced accrued interest due to differing debt levels and interest payment dates.
included in the change in other long-term liabilities was a negative comparison primarily from pension contributions of $153.4 million. pension contributions were $157.5 million in fiscal 2016, including a $130 million contribution to our retirement plan in fiscal 2016, which resulted in a decrease to other long-term liabilities. of this $130 million amount, $100 million represented funding that the company would have made in fiscal 2017, but chose to fund in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016. pension contributions were $75.1 million in fiscal 2015, including a $50 million contribution to our retirement plan in fiscal 2015, which resulted in a decrease to other long-term liabilities.
changes in working capital, specifically accounts receivable, inventory and accounts payable, had a positive impact of $127.9 million on the period over period comparison of cash flow from operations primarily from improvements in inventory management.  sales growth impacted all components of working capital; however, deflation contributed to lower levels of increase in fiscal 2016 as compared to fiscal 2015. additionally, favorable turnover drove positive comparisons on inventories.
investing activities fiscal 2017 capital expenditures included:
•   fleet replacements;
•   investments in technology;
•   replacement or significant expansion of facilities in costa rica, georgia, missouri, maryland, and texas; and
•   warehouse equipment.
fiscal 2016 capital expenditures included:
45
•   fleet replacements;
•   investments in technology;
•   replacement or significant expansion of facilities in california, maryland, texas, and virginia; and
•   construction of fold-out facilities in ireland and texas.
fiscal 2015 capital expenditures included:
•   fleet replacements;
•   investments in technology;
•   replacement or significant expansion of facilities in arizona, california, iowa and virginia; and
•   construction of fold-out facilities in ireland.
the level of capital expenditures in fiscal 2017 increased $159.0 million as compared to fiscal 2016. the increase was primarily due to $131.9 million associated with the brakes group. capital expenditures in fiscal 2016 decreased by $15.5 million.
we estimate our capital expenditures, net of proceeds from sales of assets, in fiscal 2018, to be approximately 1.3% to 1.4% of fiscal sales. fiscal 2018 expenditures will include facility, fleet and other equipment replacements and expansions; new facility construction, including fold-out facilities; and investments in technology.
during fiscal 2017, the company paid cash of $2.9 billion for acquisitions, net of cash acquired, including the brakes group and also acquired a small produce company in sweden.
during fiscal 2016, the company paid cash of $219.2 million for acquisitions including a leading luxury personal care amenity provider in the hospitality industry, a distributor of high-quality fresh and frozen seafood based in florida and an innovative e-commerce platform providing restaurant supplies and equipment exclusively to sysco customers. during fiscal 2016, we paid $103.5 million and received $57.5 million for options to hedge against the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on the purchase price of the brakes acquisition.
during fiscal 2015, in the aggregate, the company paid cash of $115.9 million for operations acquired during fiscal 2015 and for contingent consideration related to operations acquired in previous fiscal years.  we also acquired a broadline company in ontario, canada; a joint venture interest in a foodservice distribution company in mexico; a joint venture interest in a foodservice distribution company in costa rica and a specialty seafood company in new jersey.
free cash flow free cash flow represents net cash provided from operating activities less purchases of plant and equipment plus proceeds from sales of plant and equipment.  sysco considers free cash flow to be a non-gaap liquidity measure that provides useful information to management and investors about the amount of cash generated by the business after the purchases and sales of buildings, fleet, equipment and technology, which may potentially be used to pay for, among other things, strategic uses of cash, including dividend payments, share repurchases and acquisitions.  however, free cash flow may not be available for discretionary expenditures, as it may be necessary that we use it to make mandatory debt service or other payments.  as a result of increased cash provided by operating activities, free cash flow for fiscal 2017 increased 5.9%, or $84.5 million, to $1.5 billion, as compared to fiscal 2016.  our cash requirements for our certain items were $193.9 million lower in fiscal 2017 than in fiscal 2016. as a result of increased cash provided by operating activities, decreased capital spending and decreased proceeds from sale of plant and equipment, free cash flow for fiscal 2016 increased 37.8%, or $392.2 million, to $1.4 billion, as compared to fiscal 2015.
free cash flow should not be used as a substitute for the most comparable gaap measure in assessing the company's liquidity for the periods presented.  an analysis of any non-gaap financial measure should be used in conjunction with results presented in accordance with gaap.  in the table that follows, free cash flow for each period presented is reconciled to net cash provided by operating activities.
46
2017                                                                   2016                            change in dollars           % change
(in thousands)
net cash provided by operating activities (gaap)      $2,176,425              $1,933,142                $243,283                12.6      %
additions to plant and equipment                        (686,378   )            (527,346   )            (159,032       )        30.2
proceeds from sales of plant and equipment                23,715                  23,511       204                               0.9
free cash flow (non-gaap)                             $1,513,762              $1,429,307                 $84,455                 5.9      %
2016                                                                   2015                            change in dollars           % change
(in thousands)
net cash provided by operating activities (gaap)      $1,933,142              $1,555,484                $377,658                24.3      %
additions to plant and equipment                        (527,346   )            (542,830   )              15,484                (2.9      )
proceeds from sales of plant and equipment                23,511                  24,472                    (961       )        (3.9      )
free cash flow (non-gaap)                             $1,429,307              $1,037,126                $392,181                37.8      %
financing activities equity transactions proceeds from exercises of share-based compensation awards were $204.8 million in fiscal 2017, $282.5 million in fiscal 2016 and $240.2 million in fiscal 2015.  the level of option exercises, and thus proceeds, will vary from period to period and is largely dependent on movements in our stock price and the time remaining before option grants expire.
we routinely engage in share repurchase programs. the number of shares acquired and their cost during fiscal 2017 were 35,744,589 shares for $1.9 billion, with 44,716,180 shares repurchased in fiscal 2016 for $1.9 billion. no shares were acquired in fiscal 2015 due to the proposed us foods merger. in june 2015, our board of directors approved a program to repurchase, from time to time in the open market, through an accelerated share repurchase program or through privately negotiated transactions, shares of the company's common stock in an amount not to exceed $3.0 billion during the two-year period ending july 1, 2017, in addition to amounts normally repurchased to offset benefit plan and stock option dilution. we executed all $3.0 billion of this authorization in fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016. in addition to the share repurchase program approved in june 2015, in august 2015, our board of directors approved the repurchase of up to 20,000,000 shares for an aggregate purchase price not to exceed $800 million.  the authorization expired on august 21, 2017. we executed all $800 million under this authorization and purchased 6,859,399 shares through july 1, 2017. in february 2017, our board of directors approved a separate repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of shares of the company's common stock not to exceed $1.0 billion through the end of fiscal 2019. we repurchased 232,685 shares for $11.6 million under this authorization through july 1, 2017. we repurchased 3,026,737 additional shares for $154.0 million through august 11, 2017. we intend to continue purchasing shares under our current repurchase program in fiscal 2018 through open market purchases to align with our capital allocation strategy, which will involve opportunistic purchases and purchases to offset dilution resulting from shares issued under the company's benefit plans.
we have made dividend payments to our shareholders in each fiscal year since our company's inception over 40 years ago. dividends paid were $698.6 million, or $1.28 per share, in fiscal 2017, $698.9 million, or $1.22 per share, in fiscal 2016, and $695.3 million, or $1.17 per share, in fiscal 2015.  in may 2017, we declared our regular quarterly dividend for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017 of $0.33 per share, which was paid in july 2017. we expect to continue to grow our dividend in fiscal 2018.
in august 2015, we filed a universal shelf registration statement with the sec under which we, as a well-known seasoned issuer, have the ability to issue and sell an indeterminate amount of various types of debt and equity securities. the specific terms of any securities we issue under this registration statement will be provided in the applicable prospectus supplements.
in november 2000, we filed with the sec a shelf registration statement covering 30,000,000 shares of common stock to be offered from time to time in connection with acquisitions. as of august 11, 2017, 29,477,835 shares remained available for issuance under this registration statement.
debt activity and borrowing availability our debt activity, including issuances and repayments, and our borrowing availability is described in note 11, "debt and other financing arrangements."  our outstanding borrowings at july 1, 2017, and repayment activity since the close of fiscal 2017 are disclosed within those notes.  updated amounts through august 11, 2017, include:
•   $551.0 million outstanding from our commercial paper program
•   no amounts outstanding from the credit facility supporting the company's u.s. commercial paper programs.
our aggregate commercial paper issuances and short-term bank borrowings had weighted average interest rates of 0.97% for fiscal 2017, 0.49% for fiscal 2016, and 0.54% for fiscal 2015.
47
off-balance sheet arrangements we have no off-balance sheet arrangements.
contractual obligations the following table sets forth, as of july 1, 2017, certain information concerning our obligations and commitments to make contractual future payments:
payments due by period more than total               &lt; 1 year                 1-3 years                 3-5 years                   5 years
(in thousands)
recorded contractual obligations:
principal payments of long-term debt            $8,172,958                $620,908                  $755,593                $1,700,140                $5,096,317
capital leases                                      95,332                  28,371                    42,406                    19,186                     5,369
deferred compensation (1)                           99,692                   8,974                    13,882                     8,285                    68,551
u.s. pension plan (2)                              174,000                       -                         -                         -                   174,000
international pension plans                        140,723                   9,169                    21,419                    25,636                    84,499
serp and other postretirement plans (3)            316,332                  30,837                    62,710                    63,576                   159,209
unrecognized tax benefits and interest (4)          26,985
unrecorded contractual obligations:
interest payments related to debt (5)            3,255,546                 290,735                   513,014                   445,561                 2,006,236
operating lease obligations                        605,216                  96,953                   146,940                   100,306                   261,017
purchase obligations (6)                         3,466,595               2,809,804                   550,583                    94,192                    12,016
total contractual cash obligations             $16,353,379              $3,895,751                $2,106,547                $2,456,882                $7,867,214
(1)   the estimate of the timing of future payments under the executive deferred compensation plan and management savings plan involves the use of certain assumptions, including retirement ages and payout periods.
(2)   the estimated contributions through fiscal 2027 to meet erisa minimum funding requirements based on actuarial assumptions include the extension of funding relief included in the highway and transportation funding act of 2014 and the bipartisan budget act of 2015.
(3)   includes estimated contributions to the unfunded serp and other postretirement benefit plans made in amounts needed to fund benefit payments for vested participants in these plans through fiscal 2027, based on actuarial assumptions.
(4)   unrecognized tax benefits relate to uncertain tax positions recorded under accounting standards related to uncertain tax positions. as of july 1, 2017, we had a liability of $16.3 million for unrecognized tax benefits for all tax jurisdictions and $10.7 million for related interest that could result in cash payment. we are not able to reasonably estimate the timing of payments or the amount by which the liability will increase or decrease over time. accordingly, the related balances have not been reflected in the "payments due by period" section of the table.
(5)   includes payments on floating rate debt based on rates as of july 1, 2017, assuming amount remains unchanged until maturity, and payments on fixed rate debt based on maturity dates. the impact of our outstanding fixed-to-floating interest rate swap on the fixed rate debt interest payments is included as well based on the floating rates in effect as of july 1, 2017.
(6)   for purposes of this table, purchase obligations include agreements for purchases of product in the normal course of business, for which all significant terms have been confirmed, including minimum quantities resulting from our category management initiative. as we progress with this initiative, our purchase obligations are increasing. such amounts included in the table above are based on estimates. purchase obligations also includes amounts committed with various third-party service providers to provide information technology services for periods up to fiscal 2022 (see discussion under note 20, "commitments and contingencies," to the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8). purchase obligations exclude full requirements electricity contracts where no stated minimum purchase volume is required.
certain acquisitions involve contingent consideration, typically payable only in the event that certain operating results are attained or certain outstanding contingencies are resolved. aggregate contingent consideration amounts outstanding as of july 1, 2017 were $15.3 million. this amount is not included in the table above.
48
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of financial statements in conformity with gaap requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, sales and expenses in the accompanying financial statements. significant accounting policies employed by sysco are presented in the notes to the financial statements.
critical accounting policies and estimates are those that are most important to the portrayal of our financial position and results of operations. these policies require our most subjective or complex judgments, often employing the use of estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. we have reviewed with the audit committee of the board of directors the development and selection of the critical accounting policies and estimates and this related disclosure. our most critical accounting policies and estimates pertain to the company-sponsored pension plans, income taxes, goodwill and intangible assets and share-based compensation.
company-sponsored pension plans amounts related to defined benefit plans recognized in the financial statements are determined on an actuarial basis. two of the more critical assumptions in the actuarial calculations are the discount rate for determining the current value of plan benefits and the expected rate of return on plan assets. our u.s. retirement plan is largely frozen and is only open to a small number of employees. our serp is frozen and is not open to any employees. our u.k. retirement plan is also frozen to new participants. due to the low level of active employees in our retirement plans, our assumption for the rate of increase in future compensation is not a critical assumption.
for guidance in determining the discount rates for our u.s. pension plans, we calculate the implied rate of return on a hypothetical portfolio of high-quality fixed-income investments for which the timing and amount of cash outflows approximates the estimated payouts of the pension plan. the discount rates for our international pension plans were calculated using annualized corporate bond yield and spread curves that are similar to the respective expected cash flows of each plan. the discount rate assumption is reviewed annually and revised as deemed appropriate. the discount rate for determining fiscal 2017 net pension costs for the u.s. retirement plan decreased 77 basis points to 4.07% as of the july 2, 2016 measurement date.  the discount rate for determining fiscal 2017 net pension costs for the serp decreased 72 basis points to 3.91% as of the july 2, 2016 measurement date. the combined effect of these discount rate changes increased our net company-sponsored pension costs for all plans for fiscal 2017 by an estimated $8 million. the discount rate for determining fiscal 2018 net pension costs for the u.s. retirement plan increased 12 basis points to 4.19% as of the july 1, 2017 measurement date.  the discount rate for determining fiscal 2018 net pension costs for the serp increased 17 basis points to 4.08% as of the july 1, 2017 measurement date. the combined effect of these discount rate changes will increase our net company-sponsored pension costs for all plans for fiscal 2018 by an estimated $1 million. a 100 basis point increase (or decrease) in the discount rates for fiscal 2017 would decrease (or increase) sysco's net company-sponsored pension cost by approximately $10 million. sysco's pension plans are primarily frozen, therefore, the net company-sponsored pension cost is not as sensitive to discount rate changes as compared to an active plan.
the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets of the u.s. retirement plan was 7.25% for both fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016.  the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets of the u.k. retirement plan was 4.15% for fiscal 2017. the expectations of future returns are derived from a mathematical asset model that incorporates assumptions as to the various asset class returns, reflecting a combination of historical performance analysis and the forward-looking views of the financial markets regarding the yield on bonds, historical returns of the major stock markets and returns on alternative investments. although not determinative of future returns, the effective annual rate of return on the u.s. retirement plan assets, developed using geometric/compound averaging, was approximately 6.9%, 5.6%, 9.6%, and 11.5%, over the 20-year, 10-year, 5-year and 1-year periods ended u.s. plan, respectively. in addition, in four of the last 15 years, the actual return on plan assets has exceeded 10%. the effective annual rate of return on the u.k. retirement plan assets, developed using geometric/compound averaging, was approximately 18% over the 1-year period ended june 30, 2017. the rate of return assumption is reviewed annually and revised as deemed appropriate.
the expected return on plan assets impacts the recorded amount of net pension costs. the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets of the u.s. and u.k. retirement plans are 7.00% and 4.55%, respectively, for fiscal 2018. a 100 basis point increase (decrease) in the assumed rate of return in each plan for fiscal 2018 would decrease (increase) sysco's net company-sponsored pension costs for fiscal 2017 by approximately $36 million.
pension accounting standards require the recognition of the funded status of our defined benefit plans in the statement of financial position, with a corresponding adjustment to accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax.  the amount reflected in accumulated other comprehensive loss related to the recognition of the funded status of our defined benefit plans as
49
of july 1, 2017 was a charge, net of tax, of $974.2 million.  the amount reflected in accumulated other comprehensive loss related to the recognition of the funded status of our defined benefit plans as of july 2, 2016 was a charge, net of tax, of $1.1 billion.
we made cash contributions to our company-sponsored pension plans of $57.6 million and $157.5 million in fiscal years 2017 and 2016, respectively. our contributions in fiscal 2017 include a $25 million contribution to the u.s. retirement plan that was voluntary, as there was no minimum required contribution for the calendar 2017 plan year to meet erisa minimum funding requirements. there are no required contributions to the u.s. retirement plan to meet erisa minimum funding requirements in fiscal 2018. the estimated fiscal 2018 contributions to fund benefit payments for the serp plan are approximately $30.5 million. the estimated fiscal 2018 contributions to fund benefit payments for the international retirement plans are approximately $9.2 million.
income taxes the determination of our provision for income taxes requires significant judgment, the use of estimates and the interpretation and application of complex tax laws. our provision for income taxes primarily reflects a combination of income earned and taxed in the various u.s. federal and state, as well as foreign jurisdictions. jurisdictional tax law changes, increases or decreases in permanent differences between book and tax items, accruals or adjustments of accruals for unrecognized tax benefits or valuation allowances, and our change in the mix of earnings from these taxing jurisdictions all affect the overall effective tax rate.
our liability for unrecognized tax benefits contains uncertainties because management is required to make assumptions and to apply judgment in estimating the exposures associated with our various filing positions. we believe that the judgments and estimates discussed herein are reasonable; however, actual results could differ, and we may be exposed to losses or gains that could be material. to the extent we prevail in matters for which a liability has been established, or pay amounts in excess of recorded liabilities, our effective income tax rate in a given financial statement period could be materially affected. an unfavorable tax settlement generally would require use of our cash and may result in an increase in our effective income tax rate in the period of resolution. a favorable tax settlement may be recognized as a reduction in our effective income tax rate in the period of resolution.
goodwill and intangible assets we account for acquired businesses using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires that, once control of a business is obtained, 100% of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded at the date of acquisition at their respective fair values. we use multiple valuation methods to determine the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. for intangible assets, we generally use the income method, which uses a forecast of the expected future net cash flows associated with each asset. these cash flows are then adjusted to present value by applying an appropriate discount rate that reflects the risk factors associated with the cash flow streams. some of the more significant estimates and assumptions inherent in the income method or other methods include the amount and timing of projected future cash flows and the discount rate selected to measure the risks inherent in the future cash flows. determining the useful life of an intangible asset also requires judgment, as different types of intangible assets will have different useful lives. any excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of the net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. more information on our acquisitions can be found in note 4, "acquisitions" in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8.
annually in our fourth quarter, we assess the recoverability of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles by determining whether the fair values exceed the carrying values of these assets. impairment reviews, outside our annual review time frame, are performed if events or circumstances occur that include changes in macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors, overall financial performance, other relevant entity-specific events, specific events affecting the reporting unit or sustained decrease in share price.
for fiscal 2017, we tested 21 reporting units from our 15 operating segments as described in note 21, "business segment information" to the consolidated financial statements in item 8. certain of our operating segments are disaggregated into components for testing purposes, while other components with similar economic characteristics are aggregated and tested at the operating segment level. our testing may be performed utilizing either a qualitative or quantitative assessment; however, if a qualitative assessment is performed and we determine that the fair value of a reporting unit is more likely than not (i.e., a likelihood of more than 50 percent) to be less than its carrying amount, a quantitative test is performed.
when using a quantitative test, we arrive at our estimates of fair value using a combination of discounted cash flow and earnings or revenue multiple models. the results from each of these models are then weighted and combined into a single estimate of fair value for each reporting unit. we generally use a higher weighting for our discounted cash flow valuation compared to the earnings multiple models because the forecasted operating results that serve as a basis for the analysis incorporate management's
50
outlook and anticipated changes for the businesses consistent with a market participant. when reporting units represent recently acquired operations, we generally use a higher weighting for our earnings multiple models than our discounted cash flow valuation as we believe this aligns with how acquired operations are valued in the market place. the primary assumptions used in these various models include estimated earnings multiples of comparable acquisitions in the industry, including control premiums, earnings or revenue multiples on acquisitions completed by sysco in the past, future cash flow estimates of the reporting units, which are dependent on internal forecasts and projected growth rates, and weighted average cost of capital, along with working capital and capital expenditure requirements. when possible, we use observable market inputs in our models to arrive at the fair values of our reporting units.  we update our projections used in our discounted cash flow model based on historical performance and changing business conditions for each of our reporting units.
our estimates of fair value contain uncertainties requiring management to make assumptions and to apply judgment to estimate industry economic factors and the profitability of future business strategies. actual results could differ from these assumptions and projections, resulting in the company revising its assumptions and, if required, recognizing an impairment loss.  there were no impairments of goodwill or indefinite-lived intangibles recorded as a result of assessment in fiscal 2017, 2016 and 2015. our past estimates of fair value for fiscal 2016 and 2015 would not have been materially different when revised to include subsequent years' actual results. sysco has not made any material changes in its impairment assessment methodology during the past three fiscal years, with the exception of introducing a qualitative assessment in fiscal 2017 for seven reporting units. we do not believe the estimates used in the analysis are reasonably likely to change materially in the future, but we will continue to assess the estimates in the future based on the expectations of the reporting units. in the fiscal 2017 assessment, our estimates of fair value did not require additional analysis. however, we would have performed additional analysis to determine if an impairment existed for our brakes u.k. broadline, fresh direct specialty, sweden broadline, ireland broadline, mexico broadline and costa rica broadline reporting units if our estimates of fair value were decreased by an amount in the range of 5% and 28%, with goodwill of $1.7 billion in the aggregate as of july 1, 2017, recorded for these reporting units.
certain reporting units (such as those noted above) have a greater proportion of goodwill recorded to estimated fair value as compared to the u.s. broadline, canada broadline or sygma reporting units. this is primarily due to these businesses having been more recently acquired, and as a result there has been less history of organic growth than in the u.s. broadline, canadian broadline and sygma reporting units. in addition, these businesses also have lower levels of cash flow than the u.s. broadline reporting unit. as such, these reporting units have a greater risk of future impairment if their operations were to suffer a significant downturn.
share-based compensation sysco provides compensation benefits to employees and non-employee directors under several share-based payment arrangements including various employee stock option plans, a non-employee director plan and the employee stock purchase plan (espp).
as of july 1, 2017, there was $95.4 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to share-based compensation arrangements. that cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.1 years.
the fair value of each option award is estimated on the date of grant using a black-scholes option pricing model. expected volatility is based on historical volatility of sysco's stock, implied volatilities from traded options on sysco's stock and other factors.  we utilize historical data to estimate option exercise and employee termination behavior within the valuation model; separate groups of employees that have similar historical exercise behavior are considered separately for valuation purposes.  expected dividend yield is estimated based on the historical pattern of dividends and the average stock price for the year preceding the option grant. the risk-free rate for the expected term of the option is based on the u.s. treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant.
the fair value of each restricted stock unit award and performance share unit award granted with a dividend equivalent is based on the company's stock price as of the date of grant. for restricted stock units and performance share units granted without dividend equivalents, the fair value is reduced by the present value of expected dividends during the vesting period. expense recognized on performance share unit awards is subsequently adjusted based on forecasted performance compared to planned targets until the performance period concludes and the actual number of shares of sysco common stock to be received upon the vesting of the performance share units is known.
the fair value of the stock issued under the espp is calculated as the difference between the stock price and the employee purchase price.
51
the fair value of restricted stock granted to employees or non-employee directors is based on the stock price on grant date.  the application of a discount to the fair value of a restricted stock grant is dependent upon whether or not each individual grant contains a post-vesting restriction.
the compensation cost related to these share-based awards is recognized over the requisite service period. the requisite service period is generally the period during which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for the award. the compensation cost related to stock issuances resulting from employee purchases of stock under the espp is recognized during the quarter in which the employee payroll withholdings are made.
our share-based awards are generally subject to graded vesting over a service period. we will recognize compensation cost on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the entire award.
in addition, certain of our share-based awards provide that the awards continue to vest as if the award holder continued to be an employee or director if the award holder meets certain age and years of service thresholds upon retirement. in these cases, we will recognize compensation cost for such awards over the period from the grant date to the date the employee or director first becomes eligible to retire with the options continuing to vest after retirement.
our option grants include options that qualify as incentive stock options for income tax purposes. in the period the compensation cost related to incentive stock options is recorded, a corresponding tax benefit is not recorded as it is assumed that we will not receive a tax deduction related to such incentive stock options. we may be eligible for tax deductions in subsequent periods to the extent that there is a disqualifying disposition of the incentive stock option. in such cases, we would record a tax benefit related to the tax deduction in an amount not to exceed the corresponding cumulative compensation cost recorded in the financial statements on the particular options multiplied by the statutory tax rate.
forward-looking statements statements made herein that look forward in time or express management's expectations or beliefs with respect to the occurrence of future events are forward-looking statements under the private securities litigation reform act of 1995.  these statements are based on management's current expectations and estimates.  forward-looking statements provide current expectations of future events based on certain assumptions and include any statement that does not directly relate to any historical or current fact. forward-looking statements can also be identified by words such as "future," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "expects," "intends," "plans," "predicts," "will," "would," "could," "can," "may," "projected," "continuously," variations of such terms, and similar terms and phrases denoting anticipated or expected occurrences or results.
examples of forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about our liquidity and our possible or assumed future results of operations or economic performance, as well as descriptions of our plans, projections and strategies, including those described in the following paragraph, and our ability to meet those goals and expectations. such statements in this document include, but are not limited to, projections of future performance under our three-year strategic financial plan, including, for example, our expectation to drive leverage between gross profit and expense growth, our goal of leveraging earnings growth at a greater rate than sales growth, and our projections of adjusted operating income for fiscal 2018; statements regarding expected improvements in case growth trends; statements regarding increased investments in the sales team; our estimates of anticipated capital expenditures for fiscal 2018, including estimates provided net of estimated proceeds from sales of assets, and our ability to fund them; our discussions of various types of market risks, including interest rate risks, floating rate debt projections and the effectiveness of our interest rate swaps; discussions about trends in transportation costs, including fuel pricing, our projected fuel requirements and the effectiveness of fuel hedging arrangements; statements regarding the adequacy and anticipated amounts and uses of our cash flows, including our future ability to effectively access the commercial paper market and long-term capital market; statements regarding our intentions to continuously improve productivity and competitiveness, including by modernizing software and improving our e-commerce and other technological capabilities; statements regarding our expectation that we will increase customer retention and profitably accelerate sales growth with existing and new customers; projections regarding the rate of return on retirement plan assets; statements regarding expected contributions for the serp plan and the international retirement plans; and statements regarding the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates.
forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, and our actual results may differ materially from the results discussed in our forward-looking statements. important factors that might cause such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in part i, item 1a of this form 10-k under the heading "risk factors." additional forward-looking statements and some important risks that could cause outcomes to vary materially from those expected include the following: the success of our three-year strategic financial objectives could be affected by conditions in the economy and the industry as well as internal factors, such as the ability to control expenses, including fuel costs.  our expectations for the brakes acquisition could be impacted by unfavorable economic conditions in europe. our expectations regarding case growth and cost per case may be
52
impacted by factors beyond our control, including actions by our competitors and/or customers.  our expectations for deflation and inflation could be impacted by market events and supplier costs. company-sponsored pension plan liabilities are impacted by a number of factors including the discount rate for determining the current value of plan benefits and the expected rate of return on plan assets.  the amount of shares repurchased in a given period is subject to a number of factors, including available cash and our general working capital needs at the time.  meeting our dividend target objectives depends on our level of earnings, available cash and the success of our various strategic initiatives.  our expectations regarding earnings per share and various items impacting earnings is subject to a number of factors, including our ability to manage operating expenses and the impact of certain items. our plans with respect to growth in international markets and adjacent areas that complement our core business are subject to our other strategic initiatives, the allocation of resources, and plans and economic conditions generally.  legal proceedings and the adequacy of insurance are impacted by events, circumstances and individuals beyond our control.  expectations of cash tax payments can be impacted by our performance. the need for additional borrowing or other capital is impacted by various factors, including capital expenditures or acquisitions in excess of those currently anticipated, levels of share repurchases, or other unexpected cash requirements.  plans regarding the repayment of debt are subject to change at any time based on management's assessment of the overall needs of the company.  capital expenditures may vary from those projected based on changes in business plans and other factors, including risks related to the timing and successful completion of acquisitions, construction schedules and the possibility that other cash requirements could result in delays or cancellations of capital spending.  our ability to finance capital expenditures as anticipated may be influenced by our results of operations, our borrowing capacity, share repurchases, dividend levels and other factors.  expectations regarding tax rates and the transfer of cash held in foreign jurisdictions are subject to various factors beyond our control and decisions of management throughout the fiscal year that are subject to change based on our business needs. the anticipated impact of compliance with laws and regulations also involves the risk that estimates may turn out to be materially incorrect, and laws and regulations, as well as methods of enforcement, are subject to change.
