item 1a.   risk factors set forth below are the risks that we believe are material to our investors. this section contains forward-looking statements. you should refer to the explanation of the qualifications and limitations on forward-looking statements in item 1. business under the caption "forward-looking statements".
we must develop new products, adapt to rapid and significant technological change and respond to introductions of new products by competitors to remain competitive. our growth strategy includes significant investment in and expenditures for product development. we sell our products in several industries that are characterized by rapid and significant technological changes, frequent new product and service introductions and enhancements and evolving industry standards. competitive factors include technological innovation, price, service and delivery, breadth of product line, customer support, e-business capabilities and the ability to meet the special requirements of customers. our competitors may adapt more quickly to new technologies and changes in customers' requirements than we can. without the timely introduction of new products, services and enhancements, our products and services will likely become technologically obsolete over time, in which case our revenue and operating results would suffer.
many of our existing products and those under development are technologically innovative and require significant planning, design, development and testing at the technological, product and manufacturing-process levels. our customers use many of our products to develop, test and manufacture their own products. as a result, we must anticipate industry trends and develop products in advance of the commercialization of our customers' products. if we fail to adequately predict our customers' needs and future activities, we may invest heavily in research and development of products and services that do not lead to significant revenue.
it may be difficult for us to implement our strategies for improving internal growth. some of the markets in which we compete have been flat or declining over the past several years. to address this issue, we are pursuing a number of strategies to improve our internal growth, including:
•   strengthening our presence in selected geographic markets;
•   allocating research and development funding to products with higher growth prospects;
•   developing new applications for our technologies;
•   expanding our service offerings;
•   continuing key customer initiatives;
•   combining sales and marketing operations in appropriate markets to compete more effectively;
•   finding new markets for our products; and
•   continuing the development of commercial tools and infrastructure to increase and support cross-selling opportunities of products and services to take advantage of our depth in product offerings.
we may not be able to successfully implement these strategies, and these strategies may not result in the expected growth of our business.
our business is affected by general economic conditions and related uncertainties affecting markets in which we operate. our business is affected by general economic conditions, both inside and outside the u.s. if the global economy and financial markets, or economic conditions in europe, the u.s. or other key markets, are unstable, it could adversely affect the business, results of operations and financial condition of the company and its customers, distributors, and suppliers, having the effect of
•   reducing demand for some of our products;
•   increasing the rate of order cancellations or delays;
•   increasing the risk of excess and obsolete inventories;
•   increasing pressure on the prices for our products and services; and
•   creating longer sales cycles and greater difficulty in collecting sales proceeds.
demand for some of our products depends on capital spending policies of our customers and on government funding policies. our customers include pharmaceutical and chemical companies, laboratories, universities, healthcare providers, government agencies and public and private research institutions. many factors, including public policy spending
15
thermo fisher scientific inc.
risk factors (continued)
priorities, available resources and product and economic cycles, have a significant effect on the capital spending policies of these entities.
spending by some of these customers fluctuates based on budget allocations and the timely passage of the annual federal budget. an impasse in federal government budget decisions could lead to substantial delays or reductions in federal spending.
as a multinational corporation, we are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could adversely affect our cash flows and results of operations. international markets contribute a substantial portion of our revenues, and we intend to continue expanding our presence in these regions. the exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates takes on different forms. international revenues and costs are subject to the risk that fluctuations in exchange rates could adversely affect our reported revenues and profitability when translated into u.s. dollars for financial reporting purposes. these fluctuations could also adversely affect the demand for products and services provided by us. as a multinational corporation, our businesses occasionally invoice third-party customers in currencies other than the one in which they primarily do business (the "functional currency"). movements in the invoiced currency relative to the functional currency could adversely impact our cash flows and our results of operations. as our international sales grow, exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates could have a larger effect on our financial results. in 2017, currency translation had a favorable effect of $70 million on revenues due to the weakening of the u.s. dollar relative to other currencies in which the company sells products and services.
significant developments stemming from the u.s. administration or the u.k.'s referendum on membership in the eu could have an adverse effect on us. the u.s. administration has called for substantial changes to trade agreements, such as the north american free trade agreement (nafta), and has raised the possibility of imposing significant increases on tariffs on goods imported into the united states, particularly from china and mexico. the administration has also indicated an intention to request congress to make significant changes, replacement or elimination of the patient protection and affordable care act, and government negotiation/regulation of drug prices paid by government programs. changes in u.s. social, political, regulatory and economic conditions or laws and policies governing the health care system and drug prices, foreign trade, manufacturing, and development and investment in the territories and countries where we or our customers operate could adversely affect our operating results and our business.
additionally, on june 23, 2016, the united kingdom held a referendum and voted in favor of leaving the european union, or eu. this referendum has created political and economic uncertainty, particularly in the united kingdom and the eu, and this uncertainty may last for years. our business could be affected during this period of uncertainty, and perhaps longer, by the impact of the united kingdom's referendum. in addition, our business could be negatively affected by new trade agreements between the united kingdom and other countries, including the united states, and by the possible imposition of trade or other regulatory barriers in the united kingdom. these possible negative impacts, and others resulting from the united kingdom's actual or threatened withdrawal from the eu, may adversely affect our operating results and our customers' businesses.
our inability to protect our intellectual property could have a material adverse effect on our business. in addition, third parties may claim that we infringe their intellectual property, and we could suffer significant litigation or licensing expense as a result. we place considerable emphasis on obtaining patent and trade secret protection for significant new technologies, products and processes because of the length of time and expense associated with bringing new products through the development process and into the marketplace. our success depends in part on our ability to develop patentable products and obtain and enforce patent protection for our products both in the united states and in other countries. we own numerous u.s. and foreign patents, and we intend to file additional applications, as appropriate, for patents covering our products. patents may not be issued for any pending or future patent applications owned by or licensed to us, and the claims allowed under any issued patents may not be sufficiently broad to protect our technology. any issued patents owned by or licensed to us may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented, and the rights under these patents may not provide us with competitive advantages. in addition, competitors may design around our technology or develop competing technologies. intellectual property rights may also be unavailable or limited in some foreign countries, which could make it easier for competitors to capture increased market position. we could incur substantial costs to defend ourselves in suits brought against us or in suits in which we may assert our patent rights against others. an unfavorable outcome of any such litigation could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations.
we also rely on trade secrets and proprietary know-how with which we seek to protect our products, in part, by confidentiality agreements with our collaborators, employees and consultants. these agreements may be breached and we may not have adequate remedies for any breach. in addition, our trade secrets may otherwise become known or be independently developed by our competitors.
third parties may assert claims against us to the effect that we are infringing on their intellectual property rights. our life technologies subsidiary is party to several lawsuits in which plaintiffs claim we infringe their intellectual property (note 10). we could incur substantial costs and diversion of management resources in defending these claims, which could have a material
16
thermo fisher scientific inc.
risk factors (continued)
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, parties making these claims could secure a judgment awarding substantial damages, as well as injunctive or other equitable relief, which could effectively block our ability to make, use, sell, distribute, or market our products and services in the united states or abroad. in the event that a claim relating to intellectual property is asserted against us, or third parties not affiliated with us hold pending or issued patents that relate to our products or technology, we may seek licenses to such intellectual property or challenge those patents. however, we may be unable to obtain these licenses on commercially reasonable terms, if at all, and our challenge of the patents may be unsuccessful. our failure to obtain the necessary licenses or other rights could prevent the sale, manufacture, or distribution of our products and, therefore, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
changes in governmental regulations may reduce demand for our products or increase our expenses. we compete in many markets in which we and our customers must comply with federal, state, local and international regulations, such as environmental, health and safety and food and drug regulations. we develop, configure and market our products to meet customer needs created by those regulations. any significant change in regulations could reduce demand for our products or increase our expenses. for example, many of our instruments are marketed to the pharmaceutical industry for use in discovering and developing drugs. changes in the u.s. food and drug administration's regulation of the drug discovery and development process could have an adverse effect on the demand for these products.
our pharma services offerings are highly complex, and if we are unable to provide quality and timely offerings to our customers, our business could suffer. our pharma services offerings are highly exacting and complex, due in part to strict quality and regulatory requirements. our operating results in this business depend on our ability to execute and, when necessary, improve our quality management strategy and systems, and our ability to effectively train and maintain our employee base with respect to quality management. a failure of our quality control systems could result in problems with facility operations or preparation or provision of products. in each case, such problems could arise for a variety of reasons, including equipment malfunction, failure to follow specific protocols and procedures, problems with raw materials or environmental factors and damage to, or loss of, manufacturing operations. such problems could affect production of a particular batch or series of batches of products, requiring the destruction of such products or a halt of facility production altogether.
in addition, our failure to meet required quality standards may result in our failure to timely deliver products to our customers, which in turn could damage our reputation for quality and service. any such failure could, among other things, lead to increased costs, lost revenue, reimbursement to customers for lost drug product, registered intermediates, registered starting materials, and active pharmaceutical ingredients, other customer claims, damage to and possibly termination of existing customer relationships, time and expense spent investigating the cause and, depending on the cause, similar losses with respect to other batches or products. production problems in our drug and biologic manufacturing operations could be particularly significant because the cost of raw materials for such manufacturing is often high. if problems in preparation or manufacture of a product or failures to meet required quality standards for that product are not discovered before such product is released to the market, we may be subject to adverse regulatory actions, including product recalls, product seizures, injunctions to halt manufacture and distribution, restrictions on our operations, civil sanctions, including monetary sanctions, and criminal actions. in addition, such problems or failures could subject us to litigation claims, including claims from our customers for reimbursement for the cost of lost or damaged active pharmaceutical ingredients, the cost of which could be significant.
we are subject to product and other liability risks for which we may not have adequate insurance coverage. we may be named as a defendant in product liability lawsuits, which may allege that products or services we have provided from our pharma services offerings have resulted or could result in an unsafe condition or injury to consumers. additionally, products currently or previously sold by our environmental and process instruments and radiation measurement and security instruments businesses include fixed and portable instruments used for chemical, radiation and trace explosives detection. these products are used in airports, embassies, cargo facilities, border crossings and other high-threat facilities for the detection and prevention of terrorist acts. if any of these products were to malfunction, it is possible that explosive or radioactive material could fail to be detected by our product, which could lead to product liability claims. there are also many other factors beyond our control that could lead to liability claims, such as the reliability and competence of the customers' operators and the training of such operators.
any such product liability claims brought against us could be significant and any adverse determination may result in liabilities in excess of our insurance coverage. although we carry product liability insurance, we cannot be certain that our current insurance will be sufficient to cover these claims or that it can be maintained on acceptable terms, if at all.
our inability to complete any pending acquisitions or to successfully integrate any new or previous acquisitions could have a material adverse effect on our business. our business strategy includes the acquisition of technologies and businesses that complement or augment our existing products and services. certain acquisitions may be difficult to complete for
17
thermo fisher scientific inc.
risk factors (continued)
a number of reasons, including the need for antitrust and/or other regulatory approvals. any acquisition we may complete may be made at a substantial premium over the fair value of the net identifiable assets of the acquired company. further, we may not be able to integrate acquired businesses successfully into our existing businesses, make such businesses profitable, or realize anticipated cost savings or synergies, if any, from these acquisitions, which could adversely affect our business.
moreover, we have acquired many companies and businesses. as a result of these acquisitions, we recorded significant goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets (primarily tradenames) on our balance sheet, which amount to approximately $25.29 billion and $1.27 billion, respectively, as of december 31, 2017. in addition, we have definite-lived intangible assets totaling $15.41 billion as of december 31, 2017. we assess the realizability of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets annually as well as whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that these assets may be impaired. we assess the realizability of definite-lived intangible assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that these assets may be impaired. these events or circumstances would generally include operating losses or a significant decline in earnings associated with the acquired business or asset. our ability to realize the value of the goodwill and intangible assets will depend on the future cash flows of these businesses. these cash flows in turn depend in part on how well we have integrated these businesses. if we are not able to realize the value of the goodwill and intangible assets, we may be required to incur material charges relating to the impairment of those assets.
we are subject to laws and regulations governing government contracts, and failure to address these laws and regulations or comply with government contracts could harm our business by leading to a reduction in revenue associated with these customers. we have agreements relating to the sale of our products to government entities and, as a result, we are subject to various statutes and regulations that apply to companies doing business with the government. the laws governing government contracts differ from the laws governing private contracts and government contracts may contain pricing terms and conditions that are not applicable to private contracts. we are also subject to investigation for compliance with the regulations governing government contracts. a failure to comply with these regulations could result in suspension of these contracts, criminal, civil and administrative penalties or debarment.
because we compete directly with certain of our larger customers and product suppliers, our results of operations could be adversely affected in the short term if these customers or suppliers abruptly discontinue or significantly modify their relationship with us. our largest customer in the laboratory products business is also a significant competitor. our business may be harmed in the short term if our competitive relationship in the marketplace with certain of our large customers results in a discontinuation of their purchases from us. in addition, we manufacture products that compete directly with products that we source from third-party suppliers. we also source competitive products from multiple suppliers. our business could be adversely affected in the short term if any of our large third-party suppliers abruptly discontinues selling products to us.
because we rely heavily on third-party package-delivery services, a significant disruption in these services or significant increases in prices may disrupt our ability to ship products, increase our costs and lower our profitability. we ship a significant portion of our products to our customers through independent package delivery companies, such as federal express in the u.s. and dhl in europe. we also maintain a small fleet of vehicles dedicated to the delivery of our products and ship our products through other carriers, including national and regional trucking firms, overnight carrier services and the u.s. postal service. if one or more of these third-party package-delivery providers were to experience a major work stoppage, preventing our products from being delivered in a timely fashion or causing us to incur additional shipping costs we could not pass on to our customers, our costs could increase and our relationships with certain of our customers could be adversely affected. in addition, if one or more of these third-party package-delivery providers were to increase prices, and we were not able to find comparable alternatives or make adjustments in our delivery network, our profitability could be adversely affected.
we are required to comply with a wide variety of laws and regulations, and are subject to regulation by various federal, state and foreign agencies. we are subject to various local, state, federal, foreign and transnational laws and regulations, which include the operating and security standards of the u.s. federal drug administration (the fda), the u.s. drug enforcement agency (the dea), various state boards of pharmacy, state health departments, the u.s. department of health and human services (the dhhs), the european medicines agency (the ema), in europe, the eu member states and other comparable agencies and, in the future, any changes to such laws and regulations could adversely affect us. in particular, we are subject to laws and regulations concerning current good manufacturing practices and drug safety. our subsidiaries may be required to register for permits and/or licenses with, and may be required to comply with the laws and regulations of the dea, the fda, the dhhs, foreign agencies including the ema, and other various state boards of pharmacy, state health departments and/or comparable state agencies as well as certain accrediting bodies depending upon the type of operations and location of product distribution, manufacturing and sale.
18
thermo fisher scientific inc.
risk factors (continued)
the manufacture, distribution and marketing of many of our products and services, including medical devices and pharma services, are subject to extensive ongoing regulation by the fda, the dea, the ema, and other equivalent local, state, federal and non-u.s. regulatory authorities. in addition, we are subject to inspections by these regulatory authorities. failure by us or by our customers to comply with the requirements of these regulatory authorities, including without limitation, remediating any inspectional observations to the satisfaction of these regulatory authorities, could result in warning letters, product recalls or seizures, monetary sanctions, injunctions to halt manufacture and distribution, restrictions on our operations, civil or criminal sanctions, or withdrawal of existing or denial of pending approvals, including those relating to products or facilities. in addition, such a failure could expose us to contractual or product liability claims, contractual claims from our customers, including claims for reimbursement for lost or damaged active pharmaceutical ingredients, as well as ongoing remediation and increased compliance costs, any or all of which could be significant. we are the sole manufacturer of a number of pharmaceuticals for many of our customers and a negative regulatory event could impact our customers' ability to provide products to their customers.
we are also subject to a variety of federal, state, local and international laws and regulations that govern, among other things, the importation and exportation of products, the handling, transportation and manufacture of substances that could be classified as hazardous, and our business practices in the u.s. and abroad such as anti-corruption and anti-competition laws. any noncompliance by us with applicable laws and regulations or the failure to maintain, renew or obtain necessary permits and licenses could result in criminal, civil and administrative penalties and could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
our business could be adversely affected by disruptions at our sites. we rely upon our manufacturing operations to produce many of the products we sell and our warehouse facilities to store products, pending sale. any significant disruption of those operations for any reason, such as strikes or other labor unrest, power interruptions, fire, hurricanes or other events beyond our control could adversely affect our sales and customer relationships and therefore adversely affect our business. we have significant operations in california, near major earthquake faults, which make us susceptible to earthquake risk. although most of our raw materials are available from a number of potential suppliers, our operations also depend upon our ability to obtain raw materials at reasonable prices. if we are unable to obtain the materials we need at a reasonable price, we may not be able to produce certain of our products or we may not be able to produce certain of these products at a marketable price, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
fluctuations in our effective tax rate may adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. as a global company, we are subject to taxation in numerous countries, states and other jurisdictions. in preparing our financial statements, we record the amount of tax that is payable in each of the countries, states and other jurisdictions in which we operate. our future effective tax rate, however, may be lower or higher than experienced in the past due to numerous factors, including a change in the mix of our profitability from country to country, changes in accounting for income taxes and recently enacted and future changes in tax laws in jurisdictions in which we operate. any of these factors could cause us to experience an effective tax rate significantly different from previous periods or our current expectations, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows.
we may incur unexpected costs from increases in fuel and raw material prices, which could reduce our earnings and cash flow. our primary commodity exposures are for fuel, petroleum-based resins and steel. while we may seek to minimize the impact of price increases through higher prices to customers and various cost-saving measures, our earnings and cash flows could be adversely affected in the event these measures are insufficient to cover our costs.
a significant disruption in, or breach in security of, our information technology systems could adversely affect our business. as a part of our ongoing effort to upgrade our current information systems, we periodically implement new enterprise resource planning software and other software applications to manage certain of our business operations. as we implement and add functionality, problems could arise that we have not foreseen. such problems could disrupt our ability to provide quotes, take customer orders and otherwise run our business in a timely manner. when we upgrade or change systems, we may suffer interruptions in service, loss of data or reduced functionality. in addition, if our new systems fail to provide accurate pricing and cost data our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected.
we also rely on our technology infrastructure, among other functions, to interact with suppliers, sell our products and services, fulfill orders and bill, collect and make payments, ship products, provide services and support to customers, track customers, fulfill contractual obligations and otherwise conduct business. our systems may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, power loss, telecommunication failures, terrorist attacks, computer viruses, computer denial-of-service attacks, unauthorized access to customer or employee data or company trade secrets, and other attempts to harm our systems. certain of our systems are not redundant, and our disaster recovery planning is not sufficient for every eventuality. despite any precautions we may take, such problems could result in, among other consequences, interruptions in our services,
19
thermo fisher scientific inc.
risk factors (continued)
which could harm our reputation and financial results. any of the cyber-attacks, breaches or other disruptions or damage described above, if significant, could materially interrupt our operations, delay production and shipments, result in theft of our and our customers' intellectual property and trade secrets, damage customer, business partner and employee relationships and our reputation or result in defective products or services, legal claims and proceedings, liability and penalties under privacy laws and increased cost for security and remediation, each of which could adversely affect our business and financial results.
our debt may restrict our investment opportunities or limit our activities. as of december 31, 2017, we had approximately $21.01 billion in outstanding indebtedness. in addition, we have availability to borrow under a revolving credit facility that provides for up to $2.50 billion of unsecured multi-currency revolving credit. we may also obtain additional long-term debt and lines of credit to meet future financing needs, which would have the effect of increasing our total leverage.
our leverage could have negative consequences, including increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions, limiting our ability to obtain additional financing and limiting our ability to acquire new products and technologies through strategic acquisitions.
our ability to make scheduled payments, refinance our obligations or obtain additional financing will depend on our future operating performance and on economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. our business may not generate sufficient cash flow to meet our obligations. if we are unable to service our debt, refinance our existing debt or obtain additional financing, we may be forced to delay strategic acquisitions, capital expenditures or research and development expenditures.
additionally, the agreements governing our debt require that we maintain certain financial ratios, and contain affirmative and negative covenants that restrict our activities by, among other limitations, limiting our ability to incur additional indebtedness, merge or consolidate with other entities, make investments, create liens, sell assets and enter into transactions with affiliates. the covenants in our revolving credit facility (the facility) include a consolidated leverage ratio (total debt-to-consolidated ebitda) and a consolidated interest coverage ratio (consolidated ebitda to consolidated interest expense), as such terms are defined in the facility. specifically, the company has agreed that, so long as any lender has any commitment under the facility, any letter of credit is outstanding under the facility, or any loan or other obligation is outstanding under the facility, it will maintain a maximum consolidated leverage ratio of 4.0:1.0 for the first and second quarters of 2018 and then stepping down to 3.5:1.0 for the third quarter of 2018 and thereafter. the company has also agreed that so long as any lender has any commitment under the facility or any letter of credit is outstanding under the facility, or any loan or other obligation is outstanding under the facility, it will maintain a minimum consolidated interest coverage ratio of 3.0:1.0 as of the last day of any fiscal quarter.
our ability to comply with these financial restrictions and covenants is dependent on our future performance, which is subject to prevailing economic conditions and other factors, including factors that are beyond our control such as foreign exchange rates and interest rates. our failure to comply with any of these restrictions or covenants may result in an event of default under the applicable debt instrument, which could permit acceleration of the debt under that instrument and require us to prepay that debt before its scheduled due date. also, an acceleration of the debt under certain of our debt instruments would trigger an event of default under other of our debt instruments.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations reference is made throughout this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations to notes to consolidated financial statements, which begin on page f-1 of this report.
overview the company develops, manufactures and sells a broad range of products that are sold worldwide. the company expands the product lines and services it offers by developing and commercializing its own technologies and by making strategic acquisitions of complementary businesses. the company's continuing operations fall into four business segments (see note 3): life sciences solutions, analytical instruments, specialty diagnostics and laboratory products and services.
recent acquisitions and divestitures the company's strategy is to augment internal growth at existing businesses with complementary acquisitions. the company's principal recent acquisitions are described below.
in february 2015, the company acquired, within the life sciences solutions segment, advanced scientifics, inc., a north america-based global provider of single-use systems and process equipment for bioprocess production, for approximately $289 million. the acquisition expanded the company's bioprocessing offerings. revenues of advanced scientifics were approximately $80 million in 2014.
on september 30, 2015, the company acquired, within the laboratory products and services segment, alfa aesar, a u.k.-based global manufacturer of research chemicals from johnson matthey plc, for £257 million ($393 million) in cash. the acquisition expanded the company's existing portfolio of chemicals, solvents and reagents. revenues of alfa aesar were approximately £78 million in 2014.
on march 31, 2016, the company acquired, primarily within the life sciences solutions segment, affymetrix, inc., a north america-based provider of cellular and genetic analysis products, for a total purchase price of $1.34 billion, net of cash acquired, including the assumption of $254 million of debt. the acquisition expanded the company's existing portfolio of antibodies and assays for flow cytometry and single-cell biology applications. additionally, the acquisition expanded the company's genetic analysis portfolio through the addition of microarrays. revenues of affymetrix were $360 million in 2015.
on september 19, 2016, the company acquired, within the analytical instruments segment, fei company, a north america-based provider of high-performance electron microscopy, for a total purchase price of $4.08 billion, net of cash acquired. the acquisition strengthened the company's analytical instrument portfolio with the addition of high-end electron microscopes. revenues of fei were $930 million in 2015.
on february 14, 2017, the company acquired, within the life sciences solutions segment, finesse solutions, inc., a north america-based developer of scalable control automation systems and software for bioproduction, for a total purchase price of $221 million, net of cash acquired. the acquisition expanded the company's bioproduction offerings. revenues of finesse solutions were approximately $50 million in 2016.
on march 2, 2017, the company acquired, within the analytical instruments segment, core informatics, a north america-based provider of cloud-based platforms supporting scientific data management, for a total purchase price of $94 million, net of cash acquired. the acquisition enhanced the company's existing informatics solutions. revenues of core informatics were approximately $10 million in 2016.
on august 29, 2017, the company acquired, within the laboratory products and services segment, substantially all of the issued and outstanding shares of patheon n.v., a leading global provider of high-quality drug development and delivery solutions to the pharmaceutical and biopharma sectors, for $35.00 per share in cash, or $7.36 billion, including the assumption of net debt. the company financed the purchase price, including the repayment of indebtedness of patheon, with issuances of debt and equity.
patheon provides comprehensive, integrated and highly customizable solutions as well as the expertise to help biopharmaceutical companies of all sizes satisfy complex development and manufacturing needs. the acquisition provided entry into the pharmaceutical contract development and manufacturing organization market and added a complementary service to the company's existing pharmaceutical services portfolio. patheon's revenues totaled $1.87 billion for the year ended october 31, 2016.
24
thermo fisher scientific inc.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview of results of operations and liquidity
(dollars in millions)              2017                                2016
revenues life sciences solutions                  $5,728            27.4    %         $5,317            29.1    %
analytical instruments                    4,821            23.0    %          3,668            20.1    %
specialty diagnostics                     3,486            16.7    %          3,339            18.3    %
laboratory products and services          7,825            37.4    %          6,724            36.8    %
eliminations                               (942   )        (4.5   )%           (774   )        (4.3   )%
$20,918             100    %        $18,274             100    %
sales in 2017 were $20.92 billion, an increase of $2.64 billion from 2016. sales increased $1.63 billion due to acquisitions. the favorable effects of currency translation resulted in an increase in revenues of $70 million in 2017. aside from the effects of acquisitions and currency translation, revenues increased $949 million (5%) primarily due to increased demand. sales to customers in each of the company's primary end markets grew. sales growth was moderate in north america and europe and particularly strong in asia.
in 2017, total company operating income and operating income margin were $2.97 billion and 14.2%, respectively, compared with $2.45 billion and 13.4%, respectively, in 2016. the increase in operating income was primarily due to profit on higher sales in local currencies, the effects of acquisitions and productivity improvements, net of inflationary cost increases, offset in part by an increase in amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, due to recent acquisitions, and strategic growth investments. the company's references to strategic growth investments generally refer to targeted spending for enhancing commercial capabilities, including expansion of geographic sales reach and e-commerce platforms, marketing initiatives, focused research projects and other expenditures to enhance the customer experience. the company's references throughout this discussion to productivity improvements generally refer to improved cost efficiencies from its practical process improvement (ppi) business system, reduced costs resulting from global sourcing initiatives, a lower cost structure following restructuring actions, including headcount reductions and consolidation of facilities, and low cost region manufacturing.
the increase in our effective tax rate in 2017 was principally due to a net provision of $204 million from the effects of the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 (the tax act), consisting primarily of a one-time transition tax on deemed repatriated earnings and profits of foreign subsidiaries, net of a benefit from adjusting the deferred tax balances for the u.s. statutory tax rate reduction. although the net $204 million charge represents what the company believes is a reasonable estimate of the impact of the tax act, the components of the net charge are provisional and may change as discussed in note 7. in 2017, the company refinanced certain long term inter-company debt which resulted in an income tax benefit of $237 million related to a foreign exchange loss recognized for income tax purposes. in addition, in 2017 the company recorded a $65 million favorable adjustment to deferred tax balances due to extension of a tax holiday agreement in singapore and $65 million of benefit associated with new required accounting for tax benefits from equity awards, as discussed in note 1. the company continued to implement tax planning initiatives related to non-u.s. subsidiaries in 2017. these non-u.s. subsidiaries incurred foreign tax obligations, and made cash and deemed distributions to the company's u.s. operations which resulted in no net tax cost. as a result of these distributions, the company benefitted from u.s. foreign tax credits of $86 million, offset in part by additional u.s. income taxes of $53 million on the related foreign income (which reduced the benefit from the foreign rate differential in 2017) for a net benefit of $33 million. the foreign tax credits are the result of foreign earnings and profits remitted or deemed remitted to the u.s. during the reporting year and the u.s. treatment of taxes paid in the foreign jurisdictions in the years those profits were originally earned. the company intends to make similar types of distributions from non-u.s. subsidiaries when they can be made at no net tax cost. the ability of the company to make distributions in future periods of similar type and magnitude will depend on the level of earnings and cash flow in various foreign jurisdictions and on the applicable tax laws in effect at that time. accordingly, the impact of foreign tax credits on the company's effective tax rate in future periods is likely to vary. the company also implemented foreign tax credit planning in sweden which resulted in $20 million of foreign tax credits, with no related incremental u.s. income tax expense.
the company recorded a benefit from income taxes in 2016. in 2016, the company continued to implement tax planning initiatives related to non-u.s. subsidiaries. these non-u.s. subsidiaries incurred foreign tax obligations, and made cash and deemed distributions to the company's u.s. operations which resulted in no net tax cost. as a result of these distributions, the company benefitted from u.s. foreign tax credits of $91 million, offset in part by additional u.s. taxes of $37 million on the related foreign income (which reduced the benefit from the foreign rate differential in 2016) for a net benefit of $54 million.
25
thermo fisher scientific inc.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview of results of operations and liquidity (continued)
the company also implemented foreign tax credit planning in sweden which resulted in $100 million of foreign tax credits, with no related incremental u.s. income tax expense. in addition, the company recorded discrete benefits in 2016 totaling $39 million related to prior year tax filings and net charges of $12 million related to tax audits.
the effective tax rate in both 2017 and 2016 was also affected by relatively significant earnings in lower tax jurisdictions. due primarily to the non-deductibility of intangible asset amortization for tax purposes, the company's cash payments for income taxes were higher than its income tax expense for financial reporting purposes and totaled $479 million and $663 million in 2017 and 2016, respectively.
the company expects its effective tax rate in 2018 will be between 6% and 9% based on currently forecasted rates of profitability in the countries in which the company conducts business and expected generation of foreign tax credits. the effective tax rate can vary significantly from period to period as a result of discrete income tax factors and events.
income from continuing operations increased to $2.23 billion in 2017, from $2.03 billion in 2016. the increase in operating income in 2017 (discussed above) was offset in part by an increase in interest expense of $123 million primarily due to increases in outstanding debt to fund acquisitions and the increase in the tax provision in 2017 (discussed above).
during 2017, the company's cash flow from operations totaled $4.01 billion compared with $3.26 billion for 2016. the increase primarily resulted from higher income before amortization and depreciation in the 2017 period and lower investment in working capital in 2017.
as of december 31, 2017, the company's short-term debt totaled $2.14 billion, including $0.96 billion of commercial paper obligations and $1.17 billion of senior notes due within the next twelve months. the company has a revolving credit facility with a bank group that provides up to $2.50 billion of unsecured multi-currency revolving credit. if the company borrows under this facility, it intends to leave undrawn an amount equivalent to outstanding commercial paper to provide a source of funds in the event that commercial paper markets are not available. as of december 31, 2017, no borrowings were outstanding under the company's revolving credit facility, although available capacity was reduced by approximately $77 million as a result of outstanding letters of credit.
the company believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents of $1.34 billion as of december 31, 2017 and its future cash flow from operations together with available borrowing capacity under its revolving credit agreement will be sufficient to meet the cash requirements of its existing businesses for the foreseeable future, including at least the next 24 months.
critical accounting policies and estimates the company's discussion and analysis of its financial condition and results of operations is based upon its financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america. the preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses and related disclosure of contingent liabilities. on an on-going basis, management evaluates its estimates, including those related to bad debts, inventories, business combinations, intangible assets and goodwill, sales returns, income taxes, contingencies and litigation, and pension costs. management believes the most complex and sensitive judgments, because of their significance to the consolidated financial statements, result primarily from the need to make estimates about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain. management bases its estimates on historical experience, current market and economic conditions and other assumptions that management believes are reasonable. the results of these estimates form the basis for judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities where the values are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
the company believes the following represent its critical accounting policies and estimates used in the preparation of its financial statements:
(a)   intangible assets and goodwill the company uses assumptions and estimates in determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination. the determination of the fair value of intangible assets, which represent a significant portion of the purchase price in many of the company's acquisitions, requires the use of significant judgment with regard to (i) the fair value; and (ii) whether such intangibles are amortizable or non-amortizable and, if the former, the period and the method by which the intangible asset will be amortized. the company estimates the fair value of acquisition-related intangible assets principally based on projections of cash flows that will arise from identifiable intangible assets of acquired businesses. the projected cash flows are discounted to determine the present value of the assets at
26
thermo fisher scientific inc.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations critical accounting policies and estimates (continued)
the dates of acquisition. definite-lived intangible assets totaled $15.41 billion at december 31, 2017. the company reviews definite-lived intangible assets for impairment when indication of potential impairment exists, such as a significant reduction in cash flows associated with the assets. actual cash flows arising from a particular intangible asset could vary from projected cash flows which could imply different carrying values from those established at the dates of acquisition and which could result in impairment of such asset.
the company evaluates goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually and when events occur or circumstances change that would more-likely-than-not reduce the fair value of the asset below its carrying amount. events or circumstances that might require an interim evaluation include unexpected adverse business conditions, economic factors, unanticipated technological changes or competitive activities, loss of key personnel and acts by governments and courts. goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets totaled $25.29 billion and $1.27 billion, respectively, at december 31, 2017. estimates of future cash flows require assumptions related to revenue and operating income growth, asset-related expenditures, working capital levels and other factors. different assumptions from those made in the company's analysis could materially affect projected cash flows and the company's evaluation of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment.
for reporting units where the company performed the quantitative goodwill impairment test, indications of fair value based on projections of profitability for 2018 and thereafter and on peer revenues and earnings trading multiples were sufficient to conclude that no impairment of goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets existed at the end of the tenth fiscal month of 2017, the date of the company's impairment testing. there can be no assurance, however, that an economic downturn will not materially adversely affect peer trading multiples and the company's businesses such that they do not achieve their forecasted profitability and these assets become impaired. should the fair value of the company's goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets decline because of reduced operating performance, market declines, or other indicators of impairment, or as a result of changes in the discount rate, charges for impairment may be necessary.
with the completion of the patheon acquisition in august 2017, the company established a new reporting unit which solely consists of the legacy patheon business, the book carrying value of which equaled its fair value as of the acquisition date. during its annual 2017 goodwill impairment assessment, the company performed a qualitative assessment of this reporting unit and determined that no events had occurred and no circumstances had changed that would more-likely-than-not reduce the fair value of the reporting unit below its carrying amount. as a result, the company did not perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test for this reporting unit. given that the fair value of the reporting unit was not substantially in excess of its carrying value as of the annual 2017 assessment date, relatively small decreases in future cash flows from anticipated results could result in impairment of goodwill. the key variables that will drive the cash flows of the reporting unit will be levels of profitability and terminal value growth rate assumptions, as well as the weighted average cost of capital rate applied. the business unit consisting of the legacy patheon business had $3.25 billion of goodwill, and an overall carrying value of $7.33 billion as of december 31, 2017.
(b)   income taxes in the ordinary course of business there is inherent uncertainty in quantifying the company's income tax positions. the company assesses income tax positions and records tax benefits for all years subject to examination based upon management's evaluation of the facts, circumstances and information available at the reporting date. for those tax positions where it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will be sustained, the company has recorded the largest amount of tax benefit with a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. for those income tax positions where it is not more likely than not that a tax benefit will be sustained, no tax benefit has been recognized in the financial statements. should tax return positions that the company expects are sustainable not be sustained upon audit, the company could be required to record an incremental tax provision for such taxes. the company's reserve for these matters totaled $1.41 billion at december 31, 2017.
the company operates in numerous countries under many legal forms and, as a result, is subject to the jurisdiction of numerous domestic and non-u.s. tax authorities, as well as to tax agreements and treaties among these governments. determination of taxable income in any jurisdiction requires the interpretation of the related tax laws and regulations and the use of estimates and assumptions regarding significant future events, such as the amount, timing and character of deductions, permissible revenue recognition methods under the tax law and the sources and character of income and tax credits. changes in tax laws, regulations, agreements and treaties, currency exchange restrictions or the company's
27
thermo fisher scientific inc.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations critical accounting policies and estimates (continued)
level of operations or profitability in each taxing jurisdiction could have an impact upon the amount of current and deferred tax balances and hence the company's net income.
the company estimates the degree to which tax assets and loss carryforwards will result in a benefit, after consideration of all positive and negative evidence, and provides a valuation allowance for tax assets and loss carryforwards that it believes will more likely than not go unused. in situations in which the company has been able to conclude that its deferred tax assets will be realized, it has generally relied on future reversals of taxable temporary differences, expected future taxable income where such estimates have historically been reliable, and other factors. if it becomes more likely than not that a tax asset or loss carryforward will be used, the company reverses the related valuation allowance. any such reversals are recorded as a reduction of the company's tax provision. the company's tax valuation allowance totaled $256 million at december 31, 2017. should the company's actual future taxable income by tax jurisdiction vary from estimates, additional allowances or reversals thereof may be necessary.
the company has not provided state income or foreign withholding taxes on certain of its non-u.s. subsidiaries' undistributed earnings, as such amounts are intended to be reinvested outside the united states indefinitely in the respective jurisdictions based on specific business plans and tax strategies. these business plans and tax strategies consider: short-term and long-term forecasts and budgets of the u.s. parent and non-u.s. subsidiaries; working capital and other needs in locations where earnings are generated; the company's past practices regarding non-u.s. subsidiary dividends; sources of financing by the u.s. parent, such as issuing debt or equity; and uses of cash by the u.s. parent that are more discretionary in nature, such as business combinations and share repurchase programs. however, should the company change its business plans and tax strategies in the future and decide to repatriate a portion of these earnings to one of its u.s. subsidiaries, including cash maintained by these non-u.s. subsidiaries, the company would recognize additional u.s. tax liabilities. it is not practicable to estimate the amount of additional state and foreign withholding tax liabilities that the company would incur.
(c)   contingencies and litigation the company records accruals for various contingencies, including legal proceedings, environmental, workers' compensation, product, general and auto liabilities, and other claims that arise in the normal course of business. the accruals are based on management's judgment, historical claims experience, the probability of losses and, where applicable, the consideration of opinions of internal and or external legal counsel and actuarial estimates. accruals of acquired businesses, including product liability and environmental accruals, were initially recorded at fair value and discounted to their net present value. additionally, the company records receivables from third-party insurers when recovery has been determined to be probable.
(d)   pension and other retiree benefits several of the company's u.s. and non-u.s. subsidiaries sponsor defined benefit pension and other retiree benefit plans. the cost and obligations of these arrangements are calculated using many assumptions to estimate the benefits that the employee earns while working, the amount of which cannot be completely determined until the benefit payments cease. major assumptions used in the accounting for these employee benefit plans include the discount rate, expected return on plan assets and rate of increase in employee compensation levels. assumptions are determined based on company data and appropriate market indicators in consultation with third-party actuaries, and are evaluated each year as of the plans' measurement date. net periodic pension costs for the company's pension and other postretirement benefit plans totaled $25 million in 2017. the company's unfunded benefit obligation totaled $486 million at year-end 2017 compared with $610 million at year-end 2016. should any of these assumptions change, they would have an effect on net periodic pension costs and the unfunded benefit obligation. for example, a 10% decrease in the discount rate would result in an annual increase in pension and other postretirement benefit expense of approximately $2 million and an increase in the benefit obligation of approximately $95 million.
as of december 31, 2017, the company expects to contribute between $35 and $65 million to its existing defined benefit pension plans in 2018.
28
thermo fisher scientific inc.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations results of operations
2017 compared with 2016
(in millions)                      2017                2016                      totalchange            currencytranslation         acquisitions/divestitures              operations revenues life sciences solutions                   $5,728              $5,317                    $411                            $12                               $99                    $300
analytical instruments                     4,821               3,668                   1,153                             29                               794                     330
specialty diagnostics                      3,486               3,339       147                                           12                                 9                     126
laboratory products and services           7,825               6,724                   1,101                             13                               727                     361
eliminations                                (942   )            (774   )                (168   )                          4                                (4   )                (168   )
consolidated revenues                    $20,918             $18,274                  $2,644                            $70                            $1,625                    $949
sales in 2017 were $20.92 billion, an increase of $2.64 billion from 2016. sales increased $1.63 billion due to acquisitions. the favorable effects of currency translation resulted in an increase in revenues of $70 million in 2017. aside from the effects of acquisitions and currency translation, revenues increased $949 million (5%) primarily due to increased demand. sales to customers in each of the company's primary end markets grew. sales growth was moderate in north america and europe and particularly strong in asia.
in 2017, total company operating income and operating income margin were $2.97 billion and 14.2%, respectively, compared with $2.45 billion and 13.4%, respectively, in 2016. the increase in operating income was primarily due to profit on higher sales in local currencies, the effects of acquisitions and productivity improvements, net of inflationary cost increases, offset in part by an increase in amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, due to recent acquisitions, and strategic growth investments.
in 2017, the company recorded restructuring and other costs, net, of $298 million, including $123 million of charges to cost of revenues primarily for the sale of inventories revalued at the date of acquisition, and, to a lesser extent, to conform the accounting policies of patheon to the company's accounting policies. the company recorded $78 million of charges to selling, general and administrative expenses, primarily for third-party transaction and integration costs associated with recent acquisitions and changes in estimates of acquisition contingent consideration. in addition, the company recorded $97 million of cash restructuring costs, primarily to achieve acquisition synergies, including severance and abandoned facilities costs associated with the closure and consolidation of facilities in the u.s and europe. the company's other businesses incurred costs for continued headcount reductions and facility consolidations in an effort to streamline operations including severance at several businesses and abandoned facility expenses at businesses that have been or are being consolidated in the u.s., europe and asia. the company also recorded $27 million of net credits for litigation-related matters, which were mostly offset by compensation due at patheon on the date of the acquisition, hurricane response/impairment costs, and net charges for the settlement/curtailment of retirement plans (see note 14).
in 2016, the company recorded restructuring and other costs, net, of $395 million, including $102 million of charges to cost of revenues for the sale of inventories revalued at the date of acquisition and to conform the accounting policies of fei and affymetrix to the company's accounting policies; $104 million of charges to selling, general and administrative expenses primarily for third-party transaction and integration costs related to the acquisitions of fei and affymetrix. in addition, the company recorded $164 million of cash restructuring costs, primarily to achieve acquisition synergies, including severance and abandoned facilities costs associated with the closure and consolidation of facilities in the u.s. the company's other businesses incurred costs for continued headcount reductions and facility consolidations in an effort to streamline operations, including severance at several businesses and abandoned facility expenses at businesses that have been or are being consolidated in the u.s., europe and asia. the company also recorded charges for litigation and environmental remediation matters. these costs were partially offset by gains on the sales of real estate.
as of february 28, 2018, the company has identified restructuring actions that will result in additional charges of approximately $105 million, primarily in 2018, and expects to identify additional actions during 2018 which will be recorded when specified criteria are met, such as communication of benefit arrangements and abandonment of leased facilities. approximately 35% of the additional charges will be incurred in the life sciences solutions segment, 25% in the analytical
29
thermo fisher scientific inc.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations results of operations (continued)
instruments segment, 30% in the laboratory products and services segment, and 10% in the specialty diagnostics segment. the restructuring projects for which charges were incurred in 2017 are expected to result in annual cost savings of approximately $90 million beginning in part in 2017 and, to a greater extent, in 2018, including $50 million in the life sciences solutions segment, $20 million in the analytical instruments segment, $10 million in the specialty diagnostics segment and $10 million in the laboratory products and services segment. the restructuring actions for which charges were incurred in 2016 resulted in annual cost savings of approximately $100 million beginning in part in 2016 and to a greater extent in 2017, including $60 million in the life sciences solutions segment, $25 million in the analytical instruments segment, $5 million in the specialty diagnostics segment and $10 million in the laboratory products and services segment.
segment results the company's management evaluates segment operating performance using operating income before certain charges/credits to cost of revenues and selling, general and administrative expenses, principally associated with acquisition-related activities; restructuring and other costs/income including costs arising from facility consolidations such as severance and abandoned lease expense and gains and losses from the sale of real estate and product lines; and amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets. the company uses this measure because it helps management understand and evaluate the segments' core operating results and facilitate comparison of performance for determining compensation (note 3). accordingly, the following segment data is reported on this basis.
(dollars in millions)                                            2017                2016           change revenues life sciences solutions                                        $5,728              $5,317                8   %
analytical instruments                                          4,821               3,668               31   %
specialty diagnostics                                           3,486               3,339                4   %
laboratory products and services                                7,825               6,724               16   %
eliminations                                                     (942   )            (774   )           22   %
consolidated revenues                                         $20,918             $18,274               14   %
segment income life sciences solutions                                        $1,896              $1,596               19   %
analytical instruments                                          1,027                 745               38   %
specialty diagnostics                                             930                 910                2   %
laboratory products and services                                1,007                 971                4   %
subtotal reportable segments                                    4,860               4,222               15   %
cost of revenues charges                                         (123   )            (102   )
selling, general and administrative charges, net                  (78   )            (104   )
restructuring and other (costs) income, net                       (97   )            (189   )
amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets          (1,594   )          (1,378   )
consolidated operating income                                  $2,968              $2,449               21   %
reportable segments operating income margin                      23.2   %            23.1   %
consolidated operating income margin                             14.2   %            13.4   %
income from the company's reportable segments increased 15% to $4.86 billion in 2017 due primarily to profit on higher sales in local currencies, the effects of acquisitions and productivity improvements, net of inflationary cost increases, offset in part by strategic growth investments.
30
thermo fisher scientific inc.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations results of operations (continued)
life sciences solutions
(dollars in millions)              2017                2016          change revenues                         $5,728              $5,317               8   %
operating income margin            33.1   %            30.0   %      3.1 pt sales in the life sciences solutions segment increased $411 million to $5.73 billion in 2017. sales increased $300 million (6%) due to higher revenues at existing businesses, $99 million due to acquisitions and $12 million due to the favorable effects of currency translation. the increase in revenue at existing businesses was primarily due to increased demand for biosciences products and, to a lesser extent, bioprocess production products as well as genetic sciences products.
operating income margin was 33.1% in 2017 compared to 30.0% in 2016. the increase in operating margin resulted primarily from productivity improvements, net of inflationary cost increases, and, to a lesser extent, profit on higher sales in local currencies and price increases. these increases were offset in part by strategic growth investments and acquisition dilution.
analytical instruments
(dollars in millions)              2017                2016           change revenues                         $4,821              $3,668               31   %
operating income margin            21.3   %            20.3   %       1.0 pt sales in the analytical instruments segment increased $1.15 billion to $4.82 billion in 2017. sales increased $794 million due to acquisitions, $330 million (9%) due to higher revenues at existing businesses and $29 million due to the favorable effects of currency translation. the increase in revenue at existing businesses was primarily due to increased demand in each of the segment's primary businesses particularly products sold by the segment's chromatography and mass spectrometry business and materials and structural analysis business.
operating income margin was 21.3% in 2017 compared to 20.3% in 2016. the increase resulted primarily from profit on higher sales in local currencies, productivity improvements, net of inflationary cost increases and, to a lesser extent, the effect of acquisitions, offset in part by strategic growth investments and, to a lesser extent, unfavorable foreign currency exchange and unfavorable sales mix.
specialty diagnostics
(dollars in millions)              2017                2016           change revenues                         $3,486              $3,339                4   %
operating income margin            26.7   %            27.2   %      -0.5 pt sales in the specialty diagnostics segment increased $147 million to $3.49 billion in 2017. sales increased $126 million (4%) due to higher revenues at existing businesses, $12 million due to the favorable effects of currency translation and $9 million due to acquisitions. the increase in revenue at existing businesses was primarily due to higher demand for products sold through the segment's healthcare market channel as well as clinical diagnostics products and immunodiagnostics products.
operating income margin was 26.7% in 2017 and 27.2% in 2016. the decrease resulted primarily from strategic growth investments and, to a lesser extent, unfavorable sales mix, offset in part by profit on higher sales in local currencies and productivity improvements, net of inflationary cost increases.
31
thermo fisher scientific inc.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations results of operations (continued)
laboratory products and services
(dollars in millions)              2017                2016            change revenues                         $7,825              $6,724                16   %
operating income margin            12.9   %            14.4   %       -1.5 pt sales in the laboratory products and services segment increased $1.10 billion to $7.83 billion in 2017. sales increased $727 million due to acquisitions, $361 million (5%) due to higher revenues at existing businesses and $13 million due to the favorable effects of currency translation. the increase in revenue at existing businesses was primarily due to increased demand for products sold through the segment's channel business and, to a lesser extent, laboratory equipment and consumables.
operating income margin was 12.9% in 2017 compared to 14.4% in 2016. the decrease was primarily due to unfavorable sales mix and strategic growth investments offset in part by profit on higher sales in local currencies and, to a lesser extent, the effect of acquisitions.
other expense, net the company reported other expense, net, of $539 million and $425 million in 2017 and 2016, respectively (note 4). interest expense increased $123 million primarily due to an increase in outstanding debt.
provision for income taxes the increase in our effective tax rate in 2017 was principally due to a net provision of $204 million from the effects of the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017, consisting primarily of a one-time transition tax on deemed repatriated earnings and profits of foreign subsidiaries, net of a benefit from adjusting the deferred tax balances for the u.s. statutory tax rate reduction. although the net $204 million charge represents what the company believes is a reasonable estimate of the impact of the tax act, the components of the net charge are provisional and may change as discussed in note 7. in 2017, the company refinanced certain long term inter-company debt which resulted in an income tax benefit of $237 million related to a foreign exchange loss recognized for income tax purposes. in addition, in 2017 the company recorded a $65 million favorable adjustment to deferred tax balances due to extension of a tax holiday agreement in singapore and $65 million of benefit associated with new required accounting for tax benefits from equity awards, as discussed in note 1. the company continued to implement tax planning initiatives related to non-u.s. subsidiaries in 2017. these non-u.s. subsidiaries incurred foreign tax obligations, and made cash and deemed distributions to the company's u.s. operations which resulted in no net tax cost. as a result of these distributions, the company benefitted from u.s. foreign tax credits of $86 million, offset in part by additional u.s. income taxes of $53 million on the related foreign income (which reduced the benefit from the foreign rate differential in 2017) for a net benefit of $33 million. the foreign tax credits are the result of foreign earnings and profits remitted or deemed remitted to the u.s. during the reporting year and the u.s. treatment of taxes paid in the foreign jurisdictions in the years those profits were originally earned. the company intends to make similar types of distributions from non-u.s. subsidiaries when they can be made at no net tax cost. the ability of the company to make distributions in future periods of similar type and magnitude will depend on the level of earnings and cash flow in various foreign jurisdictions and on the applicable tax laws in effect at that time. accordingly, the impact of foreign tax credits on the company's effective tax rate in future periods is likely to vary. the company also implemented foreign tax credit planning in sweden which resulted in $20 million of foreign tax credits, with no related incremental u.s. income tax expense.
the company recorded a benefit from income taxes in 2016. in 2016, the company continued to implement tax planning initiatives related to non-u.s. subsidiaries. these non-u.s. subsidiaries incurred foreign tax obligations, and made cash and deemed distributions to the company's u.s. operations which resulted in no net tax cost. as a result of these distributions, the company benefitted from u.s. foreign tax credits of $91 million, offset in part by additional u.s. taxes of $37 million on the related foreign income (which reduced the benefit from the foreign rate differential in 2016) for a net benefit of $54 million. the company also implemented foreign tax credit planning in sweden which resulted in $100 million of foreign tax credits, with no related incremental u.s. income tax expense. in addition, the company recorded discrete benefits in 2016 totaling $39 million related to prior year tax filings and net charges of $12 million related to tax audits.
the effective tax rate in both 2017 and 2016 was also affected by relatively significant earnings in lower tax jurisdictions. due primarily to the non-deductibility of intangible asset amortization for tax purposes, the company's cash payments for
32
thermo fisher scientific inc.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations results of operations (continued)
income taxes were higher than its income tax expense for financial reporting purposes and totaled $479 million and $663 million in 2017 and 2016, respectively.
the company expects its effective tax rate in 2018 will be between 6% and 9% based on currently forecasted rates of profitability in the countries in which the company conducts business and expected generation of foreign tax credits. the effective tax rate can vary significantly from period to period as a result of discrete income tax factors and events.
the company has operations and a taxable presence in approximately 50 countries outside the u.s. some of these countries have lower tax rates than the u.s. the company's ability to obtain a benefit from lower tax rates outside the u.s. is dependent on its relative levels of income in countries outside the u.s. and on the statutory tax rates in those countries. based on the dispersion of the company's non-u.s. income tax provision among many countries, the company believes that a change in the statutory tax rate in any individual country is not likely to materially affect the company's income tax provision or net income, aside from any resulting one-time adjustment to the company's deferred tax balances to reflect a new rate.
recent accounting pronouncements a description of recently issued accounting standards is included under the heading "recent accounting pronouncements" in note 1.
contingent liabilities the company is contingently liable with respect to certain legal proceedings and related matters. an unfavorable outcome that differs materially from current accrual estimates, if any, for one or more of the matters described under the headings "product liability, workers compensation and other personal injury matters," "intellectual property matters" and "commercial matters" in note 10 could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial position as well as its results of operations and cash flows.
2016 compared with 2015
(in millions)                      2016                2015                      totalchange            currencytranslation             acquisitions/divestitures              operations revenues life sciences solutions                   $5,317              $4,774                    $543                           $(38   )                              $255                    $326
analytical instruments                     3,668               3,208                     460                            (27   )                               387                     100
specialty diagnostics                      3,339               3,244                      95                            (20   )                                 -                     115
laboratory products and services           6,724               6,372                     352                            (75   )                                96                     331
eliminations                                (774   )            (633   )                (141   )   15                                                          (5   )                (151   )
consolidated revenues                    $18,274             $16,965                  $1,309                          $(145   )                              $733                    $721
sales in 2016 were $18.27 billion, an increase of $1.31 billion from 2015. the unfavorable effects of currency translation resulted in a decrease in revenues of $145 million in 2016. sales increased $733 million due to acquisitions. aside from the effects of currency translation and acquisitions, revenues increased $721 million (4%) primarily due to increased demand. sales to customers in the company's primary end markets grew. demand from customers in pharmaceutical and biotech industries was particularly strong. sales growth was strong in asia, moderate in europe and modest in north america.
in 2016, total company operating income and operating income margin were $2.45 billion and 13.4%, respectively, compared with $2.34 billion and 13.8%, respectively, in 2015. the increase in operating income was primarily due to profit on higher sales in local currencies, productivity improvements, net of inflationary cost increases, and, to a lesser extent, acquisitions. these increases were offset in part by higher restructuring and acquisition-related charges in the 2016 period, strategic growth investments and unfavorable sales mix.
in 2016, the company recorded restructuring and other costs, net, of $395 million, including $102 million of charges to cost of revenues for the sale of inventories revalued at the date of acquisition and to conform the accounting policies of fei and affymetrix to the company's accounting policies; $104 million of charges to selling, general and administrative expenses primarily for third-party transaction and integration costs related to the acquisitions of fei and affymetrix. in addition, the company recorded $164 million of cash restructuring costs, primarily to achieve acquisition synergies, including severance and
33
thermo fisher scientific inc.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations results of operations (continued)
abandoned facilities costs associated with the closure and consolidation of facilities in the u.s. the company's other businesses incurred costs for continued headcount reductions and facility consolidations in an effort to streamline operations, including severance at several businesses and abandoned facility expenses at businesses that have been or are being consolidated in the u.s., europe and asia (see note 14). the company also recorded charges for litigation and environmental remediation matters. these costs were partially offset by gains on the sales of real estate.
in 2015, the company recorded restructuring and other costs, net, of $171 million, including $9 million of charges to cost of revenues for the sale of inventories revalued at the date of acquisition and, to a lesser extent, accelerated depreciation at facilities closing due to real estate consolidation; $46 million of charges to selling, general and administrative expenses primarily for charges associated with product liability litigation, third-party transaction and integration costs primarily related to the acquisitions of life technologies and alfa aesar, and accelerated depreciation at facilities closing due to real estate consolidation. in addition, the company recorded $82 million of cash restructuring costs primarily for actions to achieve synergies from the life technologies acquisition and for abandoned facilities costs associated with a manufacturing facility in the u.s. the company's other businesses incurred costs for continued headcount reductions and facility consolidations in an effort to streamline operations, including severance at several businesses and abandoned facility expenses at businesses that have been or are being consolidated, including the consolidation of operations within several facilities in the u.s., europe and asia. the company also recorded charges for litigation-related matters associated with acquired businesses and impairment of acquired technology in development. these costs were partially offset by gains on the sale of a small product line and real estate.
the restructuring actions for which charges were incurred in 2015 resulted in annual cost savings of approximately $100 million beginning in part in 2015 and to a greater extent in 2016, including $50 million in the life sciences solutions segment, $25 million in the analytical instruments segment, $10 million in the specialty diagnostics segment and $15 million in the laboratory products and services segment.
segment results
(dollars in millions)                                            2016                2015           change revenues life sciences solutions                                        $5,317              $4,774               11   %
analytical instruments                                          3,668               3,208               14   %
specialty diagnostics                                           3,339               3,244                3   %
laboratory products and services                                6,724               6,372                6   %
eliminations                                                     (774   )            (633   )           22   %
consolidated revenues                                         $18,274             $16,965                8   %
segment income life sciences solutions                                        $1,596              $1,414               13   %
analytical instruments                                            745                 613               22   %
specialty diagnostics                                             910                 873                4   %
laboratory products and services                                  971                 922                5   %
subtotal reportable segments                                    4,222               3,822               10   %
cost of revenues charges                                         (102   )              (9   )
selling, general and administrative costs, net                   (104   )             (46   )
restructuring and other income (costs), net                      (189   )            (116   )
amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets          (1,378   )          (1,315   )
consolidated operating income                                  $2,449              $2,336                5   %
reportable segments operating income margin                      23.1   %            22.5   %
consolidated operating income margin                             13.4   %            13.8   %
34
thermo fisher scientific inc.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations results of operations (continued)
income from the company's reportable segments increased 10% to $4.22 billion in 2016 due primarily to profit on higher sales in local currencies and productivity improvements, net of inflationary cost increases. these increases were offset in part by strategic growth investments and unfavorable sales mix.
life sciences solutions
(dollars in millions)              2016                2015           change revenues                         $5,317              $4,774               11   %
operating income margin            30.0   %            29.6   %       0.4 pt sales in the life sciences solutions segment increased $543 million to $5.32 billion in 2016. sales increased $326 million (7%) due to higher revenues at existing businesses and $255 million due to acquisitions, offset in part by a decrease of $38 million due to the unfavorable effects of currency translation. the increase in revenue at existing businesses was primarily due to increased demand for biosciences products and bioprocess production products and, to a lesser extent, next generation sequencing products.
operating income margin was 30.0% in 2016 compared to 29.6% in 2015. the increase in operating margin resulted from productivity improvements, net of inflationary cost increases, profit on higher sales in local currencies and, to a lesser extent, price increases. these increases were offset in part by unfavorable sales mix, acquisition dilution and strategic growth investments.
analytical instruments
(dollars in millions)              2016                2015           change revenues                         $3,668              $3,208               14   %
operating income margin            20.3   %            19.1   %       1.2 pt sales in the analytical instruments segment increased $460 million to $3.67 billion in 2016. sales increased $387 million due to acquisitions and $100 million (3%) due to higher revenues at existing businesses, offset in part by a decrease of $27 million due to the unfavorable effects of currency translation. the increase in revenue at existing businesses was primarily due to increased demand for products sold by the segment's chromatography and mass spectrometry business and, to a lesser extent, sales of environmental instruments. these increases were offset in part by lower sales of chemical analysis products due primarily to softness in certain industrial end markets.
operating income margin was 20.3% in 2016 compared to 19.1% in 2015. the increase resulted primarily from productivity improvements, net of inflationary cost increases, profit on higher sales in local currencies and, to a lesser extent, favorable foreign currency exchange. these increases were offset in part by unfavorable sales mix and strategic growth investments.
specialty diagnostics
(dollars in millions)              2016                2015          change revenues                         $3,339              $3,244               3   %
operating income margin            27.2   %            26.9   %      0.3 pt sales in the specialty diagnostics segment increased $95 million to $3.34 billion in 2016. sales increased $115 million (4%) due to higher revenues at existing businesses, offset in part by a decrease of $20 million due to the unfavorable effects of currency translation. the increase in revenue at existing businesses was primarily due to increased demand for products in each of the segment's principal businesses with particular strength in the segment's healthcare market channel and sales of immunodiagnostics products and clinical diagnostics products.
35
thermo fisher scientific inc.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations results of operations (continued)
operating income margin was 27.2% in 2016 and 26.9% in 2015. the increase resulted primarily from productivity improvements, net of inflationary cost increases, and profit on higher sales in local currencies, offset in part by strategic growth investments.
laboratory products and services
(dollars in millions)              2016                2015           change revenues                         $6,724              $6,372                6   %
operating income margin            14.4   %            14.5   %      -0.1 pt sales in the laboratory products and services segment increased $352 million to $6.72 billion in 2016. sales increased $331 million (5%) due to higher revenues at existing businesses and $96 million due to an acquisition. these increases were offset in part by $75 million due to the unfavorable effects of currency translation. the increase in revenue at existing businesses was primarily due to increased demand for products in each of the segment's principal businesses.
operating income margin was 14.4% in 2016 compared to 14.5% in 2015. decreases due to strategic growth investments and unfavorable sales mix were offset in part by productivity improvements, net of inflationary cost increases, and profit on higher sales in local currencies.
other expense, net the company reported other expense, net, of $425 million and $400 million in 2016 and 2015, respectively (note 4). interest expense increased $55 million primarily due to an increase in outstanding debt. in 2016, other items, net includes $22 million of charges related to the amortization of fees paid to obtain bridge financing commitments for the acquisition of fei and $9 million of losses on the early extinguishment of debt, offset in part by $12.5 million of gains on investments. in 2015, other items, net includes losses of $12 million on the early extinguishment of debt and costs of $7.5 million associated with entering into interest rate swap arrangements.
provision for income taxes the company recorded a benefit from income taxes in 2016. in 2016, the company continued to implement tax planning initiatives related to non-u.s. subsidiaries. these non-u.s. subsidiaries incurred foreign tax obligations, and made cash and deemed distributions to the company's u.s. operations which resulted in no net tax cost. as a result of these distributions, the company benefitted from u.s. foreign tax credits of $91 million, offset in part by additional u.s. taxes of $37 million on the related foreign income (which reduced the benefit from the foreign rate differential in 2016) for a net benefit of $54 million. the company also implemented foreign tax credit planning in sweden which resulted in $100 million of foreign tax credits, with no related incremental u.s. income tax expense. in addition, the company recorded discrete benefits in 2016 totaling $39 million related to prior year tax filings and net charges of $12 million related to tax audits.
the company recorded a benefit from income taxes in 2015. in 2015, the company implemented tax planning initiatives related to non-u.s. subsidiaries. these non-u.s. subsidiaries incurred foreign tax obligations, and made cash and deemed distributions to the company's u.s. operations which resulted in no net tax cost. as a result of these distributions, the company benefitted from u.s. foreign tax credits of $111 million, offset in part by additional u.s. taxes of $46 million on the related foreign income (which reduced the benefit from the foreign rate differential in 2015) for a net benefit of $66 million. the foreign tax credits are the result of foreign earnings and profits remitted or deemed remitted to the u.s. during the reporting year and the u.s. treatment of taxes paid in the foreign jurisdictions in the years those profits were originally earned. the company also implemented foreign tax credit planning in sweden which resulted in $80 million of foreign tax credits, with no related incremental u.s. income tax expense. in addition, the company recorded discrete benefits totaling $54 million related to additional prior year foreign tax and other credits as well as restructuring and other costs associated with the 2014 acquisition of life technologies. the tax provision in the 2015 period was favorably affected by $37 million as a result of adjustments to deferred tax balances due to changes in tax rates. the effective tax rate in both 2016 and 2015 was also affected by relatively significant earnings in lower tax jurisdictions. due primarily to the non-deductibility of intangible asset amortization for tax purposes, the company's cash payments for income taxes were higher than its income tax expense for financial reporting purposes and totaled $663 million and $477 million in 2016 and 2015, respectively.
36
thermo fisher scientific inc.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations liquidity and capital resources consolidated working capital was $2.37 billion at december 31, 2017, compared with $2.16 billion at december 31, 2016. included in working capital were cash and cash equivalents of $1.34 billion at december 31, 2017 and $786 million at december 31, 2016.
2017
cash provided by operating activities was $4.01 billion during 2017. an increase in other liabilities provided cash of $1.02 billion primarily due to the tax act's one-time transition tax on deemed repatriated earnings and profits of foreign subsidiaries. given the availability of foreign tax credits, the company does not expect the transition tax to result in significant cash requirements. an increase in accounts payable provided cash of $274 million due to the timing of payments. increases in accounts receivable and inventories used cash of $362 million and $81 million, respectively, primarily to support growth in sales in local currencies. an increase in other assets used cash of $153 million primarily due to the timing of income tax refunds. cash payments for income taxes decreased to $479 million during 2017, compared with $663 million in 2016. the company made cash contributions to its pension and postretirement benefit plans totaling $200 million during 2017. payments for restructuring actions, principally severance costs and lease and other expenses of real estate consolidation, used cash of $93 million during 2017.
during 2017, the company's investing activities used $7.73 billion of cash. acquisitions used cash of $7.23 billion. the company's investing activities also included the purchase of $508 million of property, plant and equipment.
the company's financing activities provided $3.85 billion of cash during 2017. issuance of senior notes and borrowings under a term loan provided cash of $6.46 billion. the company also issued 10 million shares of its common stock for net proceeds of $1.69 billion. repayment of senior notes and term loans used cash of $3.30 billion and a net decrease in commercial paper obligations used cash of $134 million. the company's financing activities also included the repurchase of $750 million of the company's common stock and the payment of $237 million in cash dividends, offset in part by $128 million of net proceeds from employee stock option exercises. on july 7, 2016, the board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to $1.50 billion of the company's common stock. at february 28, 2018, $500 million was available for future repurchases of the company's common stock under this authorization. in january 2018, the company issued additional commercial paper obligations and used the proceeds and cash on hand to repay the $450 million principal balance of the 2.15% senior notes due 2018.
as of december 31, 2017, the company's short-term debt totaled $2.14 billion, including $960 million of commercial paper obligations and $1.17 billion of senior notes due within the next twelve months. the company has a revolving credit facility with a bank group that provides up to $2.50 billion of unsecured multi-currency revolving credit. if the company borrows under this facility, it intends to leave undrawn an amount equivalent to outstanding commercial paper to provide a source of funds in the event that commercial paper markets are not available. as of december 31, 2017, no borrowings were outstanding under the company's revolving credit facility, although available capacity was reduced by approximately $77 million as a result of outstanding letters of credit.
approximately half of the company's cash balances and cash flows from operations are from outside the u.s. a portion of these foreign cash balances are associated with earnings that are permanently reinvested and which the company plans to use to support continued growth plans outside of the u.s. through funding operations and other investment and growth opportunities. the majority of these funds are only available for use by the company's u.s. operations if they are repatriated into the u.s. the funds repatriated would be subject to additional state and foreign withholding taxes upon repatriation; however, it is not practicable to estimate the amount of additional tax liabilities that would be incurred. the company currently has no plans to repatriate these funds held by its non-u.s. subsidiaries.
the company believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents of $1.34 billion as of december 31, 2017 and its future cash flow from operations together with available borrowing capacity under its revolving credit agreement will be sufficient to meet the cash requirements of its existing businesses for the foreseeable future, including at least the next 24 months.
2016
cash provided by operating activities was $3.26 billion during 2016. an increase in accounts receivable used cash of $352 million primarily to support growth in sales in local currencies and due to the mid-month timing of the acquisition of fei when receivables are commonly lower than at quarter-end. inventories provided cash of $98 million due to a reduction associated with fourth quarter 2016 sales. an increase in other assets used cash of $153 million primarily due to the timing of payments. an increase in other liabilities provided cash of $216 million primarily due to the timing of payments for income taxes and
37
thermo fisher scientific inc.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations liquidity and capital resources (continued)
incentive compensation. cash payments for income taxes increased to $663 million during 2016, compared with $477 million in 2015. the company made cash contributions to its pension and postretirement benefit plans totaling $43 million during 2016. payments for restructuring actions, principally severance costs and lease and other expenses of real estate consolidation, used cash of $122 million during 2016.
during 2016, the company's investing activities used $5.52 billion of cash. acquisitions used cash of $5.18 billion. the company's investing activities also included the purchase of $444 million of property, plant and equipment.
the company's financing activities provided $2.76 billion of cash during 2016. issuance of senior notes and borrowings under term loans provided cash of $7.60 billion and an increase in commercial paper obligations provided cash of $904 million. repayment of senior notes, the 364-day term loan and acquired debt used cash of $4.33 billion. the company's financing activities also included the repurchase of $1.25 billion of the company's common stock and the payment of $238 million in cash dividends, offset in part by $87 million of proceeds from employee stock option exercises.
2015
cash provided by operating activities was $2.94 billion during 2015. increases in accounts receivable and inventories used cash of $149 million and $141 million, respectively, primarily to support growth in sales in local currencies. an increase in other assets used cash of $254 million primarily related to the timing of tax payments/refunds. an increase in other liabilities provided cash of $200 million primarily due to the timing of payments for income taxes and incentive compensation. cash payments for income taxes decreased to $477 million during 2015, compared with $586 million in 2014 that included taxes associated with gains on divestitures. the company made cash contributions to its pension and postretirement benefit plans totaling $38 million during 2015. payments for restructuring actions, principally severance costs and lease and other expenses of real estate consolidation, used cash of $97 million during 2015.
during 2015, the company's investing activities used $1.09 billion of cash. acquisitions used cash of $695 million. the company's investing activities also included the purchase of $423 million of property, plant and equipment.
the company's financing activities used $2.62 billion of cash during 2015. repayments of long-term debt totaled $3.79 billion. issuance of senior notes provided cash of $1.80 billion and an increase in commercial paper obligations provided cash of $50 million. the company's financing activities also included the repurchase of $500 million of the company's common stock and the payment of $241 million in cash dividends, offset in part by $72 million of proceeds from employee stock option exercises.
off-balance sheet arrangements the company did not use special purpose entities or other off-balance-sheet financing arrangements in 2015, 2016 or 2017, except for letters of credit, bank guarantees, residual value guarantees under three lease agreements, surety bonds and other guarantees disclosed in the table or discussed below. the amounts disclosed in the table below for letters of credit, bank guarantees, surety bonds and other guarantees relate to guarantees of the company's performance, primarily in the ordinary course of business.
38
thermo fisher scientific inc.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations liquidity and capital resources (continued)
contractual obligations and other commercial commitments the table below summarizes, by period due or expiration of commitment, the company's contractual obligations and other commercial commitments as of december 31, 2017.
payments due by period or expiration of commitment
(in millions)                                                                    2018               2019 and 2020               2021 and 2022               2023 and thereafter                 total contractual obligations and other commercial commitments debt principal, including short-term debt (a)                                  $2,132                      $3,064                      $3,901                           $12,065               $21,162
interest                                                                            1                           2                           1                                 2                     6
capital lease obligations                                                           3                           5                           5                                 -                    13
operating lease obligations                                                       188                         277                         172                               169                   806
unconditional purchase obligations (b)                                            672                          48                          11                                 2                   733
letters of credit and bank guarantees                                             154                          16                           9                                 4                   183
surety bonds and other guarantees                                                  27                           8                           -                                 -                    35
pension obligations on balance sheet                                               56                          92                         102                               342                   592
asset retirement obligations accrued on balance sheet                               7                          11                          10                                18                    46
acquisition-related contingent consideration accrued on balance sheet               9                           5                           5                                16                    35
other (c)                                                                           1                           -                           -                                 -                     1
$3,250                      $3,528                      $4,216                           $12,618               $23,612
(a)   amounts represent the expected cash payments for debt and do not include any deferred issuance costs.
(b)   unconditional purchase obligations include agreements to purchase goods, services or fixed assets that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. purchase obligations exclude agreements that are cancelable at any time without penalty.
(c)   obligation represents funding commitments pursuant to investments held by the company.
reserves for unrecognized tax benefits of $1.41 billion have not been included in the above table due to the inability to predict the timing of tax audit resolutions.
the company has no material commitments for purchases of property, plant and equipment, other than those included in the above table, but expects that for 2018, such expenditures will be between $700 and $730 million.
guarantees of residual value under lease arrangements for three facilities have not been included in the above table due to the inability to predict if and when the guarantees may require payment (see note 10). the residual value guarantees become operative at the end of the leases for up to a maximum of $155 million. the initial terms of these leases end in 2019, 2020 and 2022, although renewal options exist for each.
a guarantee of pension plan obligations of a divested business has not been included in the preceding table due to the inability to predict if and when the guarantee may require payment. the purchaser of the divested business has agreed to pay for the pension benefits, however the company was required to guarantee payment of these pension benefits should the purchaser fail to do so. the amount of the guarantee at december 31, 2017 was $43 million.
in disposing of assets or businesses, the company often provides representations, warranties and/or indemnities to cover various risks including, for example, unknown damage to the assets, environmental risks involved in the sale of real estate, liability to investigate and remediate environmental contamination at waste facilities, and unidentified tax liabilities and related legal fees. the company does not have the ability to estimate the potential liability from such indemnities because they relate to unknown conditions. however, the company has no reason to believe that these uncertainties would have a material adverse effect on its financial position, annual results of operations or cash flows.
39
thermo fisher scientific inc.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations liquidity and capital resources (continued)
the company has recorded liabilities for known indemnifications included as part of environmental liabilities. see item 1. business - environmental matters for a discussion of these liabilities.
