item 1a. risk factors you should consider carefully all of the information set forth or incorporated by reference in this document and, in particular, the following risk factors associated with the business of the company and forward-looking information in this document. please also see "special note on forward-looking information" at the beginning of this report. the risks described below are not the only ones we face. additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also have an adverse effect on us. if any of the risks below actually occur, our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition could suffer.
acquisitions may not be successful in achieving intended benefits, cost savings and synergies and may disrupt current operations.
one component of our growth strategy is acquisitions, such as our acquisition of stuart weitzman holdings, llc during fiscal 2015 and our recent acquisition of kate spade & company on july 11, 2017. our management team has and will consider growth strategies and expected synergies when considering any acquisition, and while we continually review potential acquisition opportunities, there can be no assurance that we will be able to identify suitable candidates or consummate these transactions on acceptable terms.
the integration process of any newly acquired company may be complex, costly and time-consuming. the potential difficulties of integrating the operations of an acquired business, such as stuart weitzman and kate spade, and realizing our expectations for an acquisition, including the benefits that may be realized, include, among other things:
•   failure of the business to perform as planned following the acquisition or achieve anticipated revenue or profitability targets;
•   delays, unexpected costs or difficulties in completing the integration of acquired companies or assets;
•   higher than expected costs, lower than expected cost savings or synergies and/or a need to allocate resources to manage unexpected operating difficulties;
•   difficulties assimilating the operations and personnel of acquired companies into our operations;
•   diversion of the attention and resources of management or other disruptions to current operations;
•   the impact on our or an acquired business' internal controls and compliance with the requirements under the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002;
•   unanticipated issues in integrating manufacturing, logistics, information, communications and other systems;
•   unanticipated changes in applicable laws and regulations;
•   unanticipated changes in the combined business due to potential divestitures or other requirements imposed by antitrust regulators;
•   retaining key customers, suppliers and employees;
•   retaining and obtaining required regulatory approvals, licenses and permits;
•   operating risks inherent in the acquired business and our business;
•   consumers' failure to accept product offerings by us or our licensees;
•   assumption of liabilities not identified in due diligence; and
•   other unanticipated issues, expenses and liabilities.
our failure to successfully complete the integration of any acquired business, including stuart weitzman and/or kate spade, and any adverse consequences associated with future acquisition activities, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
completed acquisitions may result in additional goodwill and/or an increase in other intangible assets on our balance sheet.  we are required annually, or as facts and circumstances exist, to test goodwill and other intangible assets to determine if impairment has occurred. if the testing performed indicates that impairment has occurred, we are required to record a non-cash impairment charge for the difference between the carrying value of the goodwill or other intangible assets and the implied fair value of the goodwill or the fair value of other intangible assets in the period the determination is made. we determined there was no impairment in fiscal 2017, fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015; however, we cannot accurately predict the amount and timing of any impairment of assets. should the value of goodwill or other intangible assets become impaired, there could be a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
the successful execution of our operational efficiency and multi-year transformation initiatives is key to the long-term growth of our business.
during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, we announced a plan to enhance organizational efficiency, update core technology platforms and streamline the company's supply chain network. these initiatives were undertaken as a result of a strategic review of the company's corporate structure which focused on creating an agile and scalable business model. the charges under this plan
12
began in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 and were substantially completed by the end of fiscal year 2017. there is no assurance these actions will be successful in achieving our intended results.
during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014, we announced a multi-year strategic plan with the objective of transforming the brand and reinvigorating growth, which will enable the company to return to 'best-in-class' profitability. key operational and cost elements in order to fund and execute this plan included: (i) the investment in capital improvements in our stores and wholesale locations to drive comparable sales improvement; (ii) the optimization and streamlining of our organizational model as well as the closure of underperforming stores in north america, and select international stores; (iii) the realignment of inventory levels and mix to reflect our elevated product strategy and consumer preferences; (iv) the investment in incremental advertising costs to elevate consumer perception of our coach brand, drive sales growth and promote our new strategy; and (v) the significant scale-back of our promotional cadence in an increased global promotional environment, particularly within our outlet internet sales site. the company's execution of these key operational and cost measures concluded during fiscal 2016. the company believes that long-term growth will be realized through these transformational efforts over time. there is no assurance that such efforts will be successful in achieving long-term growth or changing the perception of the company from an accessories brand to a global lifestyle brand.
actual costs incurred and the timeline of these initiatives may differ from our expectations. refer to part ii, item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" and note 3, "restructuring activities" for further information regarding these initiatives.
the growth of our business depends on the successful execution of our growth strategies, including our efforts to expand internationally into a global lifestyle brand.
our growth depends on the continued success of existing products, as well as the successful design and introduction of new products. our ability to create new products and to sustain existing products is affected by whether we can successfully anticipate and respond to consumer preferences and fashion trends. the failure to develop and launch successful new products could hinder the growth of our business. also, any delay in the development or launch of a new product could result in our company not being the first to bring product to market, which could compromise our competitive position.
additionally, our current growth strategy includes plans to expand in a number of international regions, including asia and europe. we currently plan to open additional coach and stuart weitzman stores in mainland china, europe and other international markets, both directly and through strategic partners. our brands may not be well-established or widely sold in some of these markets, and we may have limited experience operating directly or working with our partners there. in addition, some of these markets have different operational characteristics, including but not limited to employment and labor, transportation, logistics, real estate, environmental regulations and local reporting or legal requirements.
furthermore, consumer demand and behavior, as well as tastes and purchasing trends may differ in these countries, and as a result, sales of our product may not be successful, or the margins on those sales may not be in line with those we currently anticipate. further, such markets will have upfront investment costs that may not be accompanied by sufficient revenues to achieve typical or expected operational and financial performance and therefore may be dilutive to our brands in the short-term. in many of these countries, there is significant competition to attract and retain experienced and talented employees.
consequently, if our international expansion plans are unsuccessful, or we are unable to retain and/or attract key personnel, our business, financial condition and results of operation could be materially adversely affected.
we face risks associated with operating in international markets.
we operate on a global basis, with approximately 46% of our net sales from the coach and stuart weitzman brands coming from operations outside of united states. while geographic diversity helps to reduce the company's exposure to risks in any one country, we are subject to risks associated with international operations, including, but not limited to:
•   political or economic instability or changing macroeconomic conditions in our major markets, including the potential impact of (1) new policies that may be implemented by the u.s. or other jurisdictions, particularly with respect to tax and trade policies or (2) the united kingdom ("u.k.") voting to leave the european union ("e.u."), commonly known as brexit. on march 29, 2017, the u.k. triggered article 50 of the lisbon treaty formally starting negotiations with the e.u. the u.k. has two years to complete these negotiations. although the terms of the u.k.'s future relationship with the e.u. are still unknown, it is possible that there will be increased regulatory and legal complexities, including potentially divergent national laws and regulations between the u.k. and e.u. brexit may also cause disruption and create uncertainty surrounding our business, including affecting our relationship with our existing and future customers, suppliers and employees;
•   changes in exchange rates for foreign currencies, which may adversely affect the retail prices of our products, result in decreased international consumer demand, or increase our supply costs in those markets, with a corresponding negative impact on our gross margin rates;
13
•   compliance with laws relating to foreign operations, including the foreign corrupt practices act (fcpa) and the u.k. bribery act, and other global anti-corruption laws, which in general concern the bribery of foreign public officials;
•   changes in tourist shopping patterns, particularly that of the chinese consumer;
•   natural and other disasters;
•   changes in legal and regulatory requirements, including, but not limited to safeguard measures, anti-dumping duties, cargo restrictions to prevent terrorism, restrictions on the transfer of currency, climate change legislation, product safety regulations or other charges or restrictions
•   changes to the u.s.'s participation in, withdrawal out of, renegotiation of certain international trade agreements or other major trade related issues including the non-renewal of expiring favorable tariffs granted to developing countries, tariff quotas, trade sanctions, new or onerous trade restrictions, retaliatory tariffs, embargoes and other stringent government controls economic conditions could materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and consumer purchases of luxury items.
our results can be impacted by a number of macroeconomic factors, including but not limited to consumer confidence and spending levels, unemployment, consumer credit availability, raw materials costs, fuel and energy costs (including oil prices), global factory production, commercial real estate market conditions, credit market conditions and the level of customer traffic in malls and shopping centers.
demand for our products, and consumer spending in the premium handbag, footwear and accessories categories generally, is significantly impacted by trends in consumer confidence, general business conditions, interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, the availability of consumer credit, and taxation. consumer purchases of discretionary luxury items, such as the company's products, tend to decline during recessionary periods or periods of sustained high unemployment, when disposable income is lower.
unfavorable economic conditions may also reduce consumers' willingness and ability to travel to major cities and vacation destinations in which our stores are located.
a decline in the volume of traffic to our stores could have a negative impact on our net sales.
the success of our retail stores located within malls and shopping centers may be impacted by (1) the location of the store within the mall or shopping center; (2) surrounding tenants or vacancies; (3) increased competition in areas where malls or shopping centers are located; (4) the amount spent on advertising and promotion to attract consumers to the mall; and (5) a shift towards online shopping resulting in a decrease in mall traffic. declines in consumer traffic could have a negative impact on our net sales and could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. furthermore, declines in traffic could result in store impairment charges if expected future cash flows of the related asset group do not exceed the carrying value.
our business may be subject to increased costs due to excess inventories and a decline in profitability as a result of increasing pressure on margins if we misjudge the demand for our products.
our industry is subject to significant pricing pressure caused by many factors, including intense competition and a highly promotional environment, fragmentation in the retail industry, pressure from retailers to reduce the costs of products, and changes in consumer spending patterns. if we misjudge the market for our products we may be faced with significant excess inventories for some products and missed opportunities for other products. if that occurs, we may be forced to rely on destruction, donation, markdowns or promotional sales to dispose of excess, slow-moving inventory, which may negatively impact our gross margin, overall profitability and efficacy of our brands.
increases in our costs, such as raw materials, labor or freight could negatively impact our gross margin. labor costs at many of our manufacturers have been increasing significantly and, as the middle class in developing countries continues to grow, it is unlikely that such cost pressure will abate. furthermore, the cost of transportation may fluctuate significantly if oil prices show volatility. we may not be able to offset such increases in raw materials, labor or transportation costs through pricing measures or other means.
significant competition in our industry could adversely affect our business.
we face intense competition in the product lines and markets in which we operate. our competitors are european and american luxury brands, as well as private label retailers, including some of the company's wholesale customers. there is a risk that our competitors may develop new products or product categories that are more popular with our customers. we may be unable to anticipate the timing and scale of such product introductions by competitors, which could harm our business. our ability to compete also depends on the strength of our brand, whether we can attract and retain key talent, and our ability to protect our trademarks and design patents. a failure to compete effectively could adversely affect our growth and profitability.
14
computer system disruption and cyber security threats, including a privacy or data security breach, could damage our relationships with our customers, harm our reputation, expose us to litigation and adversely affect our business.
we depend on digital technologies for the successful operation of our business, including corporate email communications to and from employees, customers and stores, the design, manufacture and distribution of our finished goods, digital marketing efforts, collection and retention of customer data, employee information, the processing of credit card transactions, online e-commerce activities and our interaction with the public in the social media space. the possibility of a cyber-attack on any one or all of these systems is a serious threat. the retail industry, in particular, has been the target of many recent cyber-attacks. as part of our business model, we collect, retain, and transmit confidential information over public networks. in addition to our own databases, we use third party service providers to store, process and transmit this information on our behalf. although we contractually require these service providers to implement and use reasonable security measures, we cannot control third parties and cannot guarantee that a security breach will not occur in the future either at their location or within their systems. we also store all designs, goods specifications, projected sales and distribution plans for our finished products digitally. we have confidential security measures in place to protect both our physical facilities and digital systems from attacks. despite these efforts, however, we may be vulnerable to targeted or random security breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors, or other similar events.
awareness and sensitivity to privacy breaches and cyber security threats by consumers, employees and lawmakers is at an all-time high. any misappropriation of confidential or personally identifiable information gathered, stored or used by us, be it intentional or accidental, could have a material impact on the operation of our business, including severely damaging our reputation and our relationships with our customers, employees and investors. we may also incur significant costs implementing additional security measures to protect against new or enhanced data security or privacy threats, or to comply with state, federal and international laws governing the unauthorized disclosure of confidential information as well as increased cyber security protection costs such as organizational changes, deploying additional personnel and protection technologies, training employees, and engaging third party experts and consultants and lost revenues resulting from unauthorized use of proprietary information including our intellectual property. lastly, we could face sizable fines, significant breach-notification costs and increased litigation as a result of cyber security breaches.
in addition, we maintain e-commerce sites in the u.s., canada, japan, mainland china, south korea and several throughout europe and have plans for additional e-commerce sites in other parts of the world. additionally, coach has informational websites in various countries, as described in item i, "business." our e-commerce programs also include an invitation-only coach outlet flash sale site. given the robust nature of our e-commerce presence and digital strategy, it is imperative that we and our e-commerce partners maintain uninterrupted operation of our: (i) computer hardware, (ii) software systems, (iii) customer marketing databases, and (iv) ability to email our current and potential customers. despite our preventative efforts, our systems are vulnerable from time-to-time to damage, disruption or interruption from, among other things, physical damage, natural disasters, inadequate system capacity, system issues, security breaches, email blocking lists, computer viruses or power outages. any material disruptions in our e-commerce presence or information technology systems could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the company has embarked on a multi-year erp implementation. the company began implementation in fiscal 2017 and will continue in fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2019. if the execution of our plans falls short, our business, financial condition and results of operation could be materially adversely affected.
the success of our business depends on our ability to retain the value of our brands and to respond to changing fashion and retail trends in a timely manner.
we believe that the coach brand, established over 75 years ago, is regarded as america's preeminent designer, producer, and marketer of fine accessories and gifts for women and men. we attribute the prominence of the coach brand to the unique combination of our original american attitude and design, our heritage of fine leather goods and custom fabrics, our superior product quality and durability and our commitment to customer service. furthermore, the stuart weitzman brand is viewed as a leading design house of women's luxury footwear within north america, with a strong opportunity for growth globally, and is built upon the idea of crafting a beautifully-constructed shoe, merging fashion and function. any misstep in product quality or design, customer service, marketing, unfavorable publicity or excessive product discounting could negatively affect the image of our brands with our customers. furthermore, the product lines we have historically marketed and those that we plan to market in the future are becoming increasingly subject to rapidly changing fashion trends and consumer preferences, including the increasing shift to digital brand engagement and social media communication. if we do not anticipate and respond promptly to changing customer preferences and fashion trends in the design, production, and styling of our products, as well as create compelling marketing campaigns that appeal to our customers, our sales and results of operations may be negatively impacted. our success also depends in part on our ability to execute on our plans and strategies, including our operational efficiency initiatives and transformation plan. even if our products, marketing campaigns and retail environments do meet changing customer preferences and/or stay ahead of changing fashion trends, our brand image could become tarnished or undesirable in the minds of our customers or target markets, which could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
15
our business is exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.
we monitor our global foreign currency exposure. in order to minimize the impact on earnings of foreign currency rate movements, we hedge our subsidiaries' u.s. dollar-denominated inventory purchases in japan and canada and euro-denominated inventory purchases in spain, as well as the company's cross currency denominated intercompany loan portfolio. we cannot ensure, however, that these hedges will fully offset the impact of foreign currency rate movements. additionally, our international subsidiaries primarily use local currencies as the functional currency and translate their financial results from the local currency to u.s. dollars. if the u.s. dollar strengthens against these subsidiaries' foreign currencies, the translation of their foreign currency denominated transactions may decrease consolidated net sales and profitability. our continued international expansion will increase our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations. the majority of the company's purchases and sales involving international parties, excluding international consumer sales, are denominated in u.s. dollars.
as a result of operating retail stores outside of the u.s., we are also exposed to market risk from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. for example, the announcement of brexit caused significant volatility in the global stock markets and currency exchange rate fluctuations. a substantial weakening of foreign currencies against the u.s. dollar could impact consumers' willingness or ability to travel abroad and/or purchase our products while traveling, as well as require us to raise our retail prices or reduce our profit margin in various locations outside of the u.s. in addition, our sales and profitability could be negatively impacted if consumers in those markets were unwilling to purchase our products at increased prices.
our stock price may periodically fluctuate based on the accuracy of our earnings guidance or other forward-looking statements regarding our financial performance, including our ability to return value to investors.
our business and long-range planning process is designed to maximize our long-term strength, growth, and profitability, and not to achieve an earnings target in any particular fiscal quarter. we believe that this longer-term focus is in the best interests of the company and our stockholders. at the same time, however, we recognize that it is helpful to provide investors with guidance as to our forecast of net sales, earnings per share and other financial metrics or projections. while we generally expect to provide updates to our financial guidance when we report our results each fiscal quarter, we do not have any responsibility to update any of our forward-looking statements at such times or otherwise. in addition, any longer-term guidance that we provide is based on goals that we believe, at the time guidance is given, are reasonably attainable for growth and performance over a number of years. however, such long-range targets are more difficult to predict than our current quarter and fiscal year expectations. if, or when, we announce actual results that differ from those that have been predicted by us, outside investment analysts, or others, our stock price could be adversely affected. investors who rely on these predictions when making investment decisions with respect to our securities do so at their own risk. we take no responsibility for any losses suffered as a result of such changes in our stock price.
we periodically return value to investors through payment of quarterly dividends. investors may have an expectation that we will continue to pay our quarterly dividend at certain levels. the market price of our securities could be adversely affected if our cash dividend rate differs from investors' expectations. see "if we are unable to pay quarterly dividends at intended levels, our reputation and stock price may be harmed" for addition discussion of our quarterly dividend.
failure to adequately protect our intellectual property and curb the sale of counterfeit merchandise could injure our brands and negatively affect sales.
we believe our trademarks, copyrights, patents, and other intellectual property rights are extremely important to our success and our competitive position. we devote significant resources to the registration and protection of our trademarks and to anti-counterfeiting efforts worldwide. in spite of our efforts, counterfeiting still occurs and if we are unsuccessful in challenging a third-party's rights related to trademark, copyright, or patent this could adversely affect our future sales, financial condition, and results of operations. we are aggressive in pursuing entities involved in the trafficking and sale of counterfeit merchandise through legal action or other appropriate measures. we cannot guarantee that the actions we have taken to curb counterfeiting and protect our intellectual property will be adequate to protect the brand and prevent counterfeiting in the future. our trademark applications may fail to result in registered trademarks or provide the scope of coverage sought. furthermore, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights are often met with defenses and counterclaims attacking the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights. unplanned increases in legal fees and other costs associated with defending our intellectual property rights could result in higher operating expenses. finally, many countries' laws do not protect intellectual property rights to the same degree as u.s. laws.
our business is subject to the risks inherent in global sourcing activities.
as a company engaged in sourcing on a global scale, we are subject to the risks inherent in such activities, including, but not limited to:
•   unavailability of, or significant fluctuations in the cost of, raw materials;
•   compliance by us and our independent manufacturers and suppliers with labor laws and other foreign governmental regulations;
16
•   imposition of additional duties, taxes and other charges on imports or exports;
•   increases in the cost of labor, fuel (including volatility in the price of oil), travel and transportation;
•   compliance with our global business integrity program;
•   compliance by our independent manufacturers and suppliers with our global operating principles and/or supplier code of conduct, as applicable;
•   compliance with u.s. laws regarding the identification and reporting on the use of "conflict minerals" sourced from the democratic republic of the congo in the company's products and the fcpa, u.k. bribery act and other global anti-corruption laws, as applicable;
•   disruptions or delays in shipments;
•   loss or impairment of key manufacturing or distribution sites;
•   inability to engage new independent manufacturers that meet the company's cost-effective sourcing model;
•   product quality issues;
•   political unrest;
•   unforeseen public health crises, such as pandemic and epidemic diseases;
•   natural disasters or other extreme weather events, whether as a result of climate change or otherwise; and
•   acts of war or terrorism and other external factors over which we have no control.
we are subject to labor laws governing relationships with employees, including minimum wage requirements, overtime, working conditions, and citizenship requirements. compliance with these laws may lead to increased costs and operational complexity and may increase our exposure to governmental investigations or litigation.
in addition, we require our independent manufacturers and suppliers to operate in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, as well as our global operating principles and/or supplier code of conduct; however, we do not control these manufacturers or suppliers or their labor, environmental or other business practices. copies of our global business integrity program, global operating principles and supplier code of conduct are available through our website, www.coach.com. the violation of labor, environmental or other laws by an independent manufacturer or supplier, or divergence of an independent manufacturer's or supplier's labor practices from those generally accepted as ethical or appropriate in the u.s., could interrupt or otherwise disrupt the shipment of our products, harm our trademarks or damage our reputation. the occurrence of any of these events could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we are dependent on a limited number of distribution and sourcing centers. our ability to meet the needs of our customers and our retail stores and e-commerce sites depends on the proper operation of these centers. if any of these centers were to shut down or otherwise become inoperable or inaccessible for any reason, we could suffer a substantial loss of inventory and/or disruptions of deliveries to our retail and wholesale customers. while we have business continuity and contingency plans for our sourcing and distribution center sites, significant disruption of manufacturing or distribution for any of the above reasons could interrupt product supply, result in a substantial loss of inventory, increase our costs, disrupt deliveries to our customers and our retail stores, and, if not remedied in a timely manner, could have a material adverse impact on our business. because our distribution centers include automated and computer controlled equipment, they are susceptible to risks including power interruptions, hardware and system failures, software viruses, and security breaches. we maintain a distribution center in jacksonville, florida, operated by coach. to support our growth in mainland china and europe, we established distribution centers in shanghai, china and oldenzaal, the netherlands, owned and operated by a third-party, allowing us to better manage the logistics in these regions while reducing costs. we also operate distribution centers, through third-parties, in japan, mainland china, hong kong, macau, singapore, taiwan, malaysia, the united states, spain, canada and south korea. the warehousing of the company's merchandise, store replenishment and processing direct-to-customer orders is handled by these centers and a prolonged disruption in any center's operation could materially adversely affect our business and operations.
we are subject to risks associated with leasing retail space subject to long-term and non-cancelable leases. we may be unable to renew leases at the end of their terms. if we close a leased retail space, we remain obligated under the applicable lease.
we do not own any of our retail store locations. we lease the majority of our stores under long-term, non-cancelable leases, which usually have initial terms ranging from five and ten years, often with renewal options. we believe that the majority of the leases we enter into in the future will likely be long-term and non-cancelable. generally, our leases are "net" leases, which require us to pay our proportionate share of the cost of insurance, taxes, maintenance and utilities. we generally cannot cancel these leases at our option. if we determine that it is no longer economical to operate a retail store subject to a lease and decide to close it as we have done in the past and will do in the future, we may remain obligated under the applicable lease for, among other things,
17
payment of the base rent for the balance of the lease term. in some instances, we may be unable to close an underperforming retail store due to continuous operation clauses in our lease agreements. in addition, as each of our leases expire, we may be unable to negotiate renewals, either on commercially acceptable terms or at all, which could cause us to close retail stores in desirable locations. our inability to secure desirable retail space or favorable lease terms could impact our ability to grow. likewise, our obligation to continue making lease payments in respect of leases for closed retail spaces could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our success depends, in part, on attracting, developing and retaining qualified employees, including key personnel.
the ability to successfully execute against our goals is heavily dependent on attracting, developing and retaining qualified employees, including our senior management team. competition in our industry to attract and retain these employees is intense and is influenced by: our ability to offer competitive compensation and benefits, employee morale, our reputation, recruitment by other employers, perceived internal opportunities, non-competition and non-solicitation agreements and macro unemployment rates. our operational efficiency initiatives as well as acquisitions and related integration activity may intensify this risk.
we depend on the guidance of our senior management team and other key employees who have significant experience and expertise in our industry and our operations. in recent years, we have evolved our senior leadership team and have focused on retaining key roles. the unexpected loss of one or more of our key personnel or any negative public perception with respect to these individuals could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. we do not maintain key-person or similar life insurance policies on any of senior management team or other key personnel.
our north american wholesale business could suffer as a result of consolidations, liquidations, restructurings and other ownership changes in the retail industry.
our north american wholesale business comprised approximately 3% of total net sales for fiscal 2017. continued fragmentation in the retail industry could further decrease the number of, or concentrate the ownership of, stores that carry our and our licensees' products. furthermore, a decision by the controlling owner of a group of stores or any other significant customer, whether motivated by competitive conditions, financial difficulties or otherwise, to decrease or eliminate the amount of merchandise purchased from us or our licensing partners could result in an adverse effect on the sales and profitability within this channel.
additionally, certain of our wholesale customers, particularly those located in the u.s., have become highly promotional and have aggressively marked down their merchandise. despite our reduction in markdown allowances during fiscal 2017, such promotional activity could negatively impact our brands, which could affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
as we outsource functions, we will become more dependent on the third parties performing these functions.
as part of our long-term strategy, we look for opportunities to cost effectively enhance capability of business services. while we believe we conduct appropriate due diligence before entering into agreements with these third parties, the failure of any of these third parties to provide the expected services, provide them on a timely basis or to provide them at the prices we expect could disrupt or harm our business. any significant interruption in the operations of these service providers, over which we have no control, could also have an adverse effect on our business. furthermore, we may be unable to provide these services or implement substitute arrangements on a timely and cost-effective basis on terms favorable to us.
fluctuations in our tax obligations and effective tax rate may result in volatility of our financial results and stock price.
we are subject to income taxes in many jurisdictions. we record tax expense based on our estimates of taxable income and required reserves for uncertain tax positions in multiple tax jurisdictions. at any one time, multiple tax years are subject to audit by various taxing jurisdictions. the results of these audits and negotiations with taxing authorities may result in a settlement which differs from our original estimate. as a result, we expect that throughout the year there could be ongoing variability in our quarterly tax rates as events occur and exposures are evaluated. in addition, our effective tax rate in a given financial statement period may be materially impacted by changes in the mix and level of earnings. further, proposed tax changes that may be enacted in the future could impact our current or future tax structure and effective tax rates.
u.s. lawmakers are evaluating proposals for substantial changes to u.s. fiscal and tax policies, which could include comprehensive tax reform. a variety of tax reform proposals that would significantly impact u.s. taxation of corporations are under consideration, including elimination of the interest deduction, taxation of previously unrepatriated foreign earnings and reductions in the u.s. corporate tax rate. we cannot predict which, if any, of these proposals will be enacted into law or the resulting impact any such enactment will have on our financial results. however, if new legislation were enacted, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
18
our operating results are subject to seasonal and quarterly fluctuations, which could adversely affect the market price of the company's common stock.
the company's results are typically affected by seasonal trends. we have historically realized, and expect to continue to realize, higher sales and operating income in the second quarter of our fiscal year. poor sales in the company's second fiscal quarter would have a material adverse effect on its full year operating results and result in higher inventories. in addition, fluctuations in net sales, operating income and operating cash flows of the company in any fiscal quarter may be affected by the timing of wholesale shipments and other events affecting retail sales, including adverse weather conditions or other macroeconomic events.
we rely on our licensing partners to preserve the value of our licenses and the failure to maintain such partners could harm our business.
the coach brand currently has multi-year agreements with licensing partners for our eyewear, watches and fragrance products. see item 1 - "business - products" for additional discussion of our licensing arrangements. in the future, we may enter into additional licensing arrangements. the risks associated with our own products also apply to our licensed products as well as unique problems that our licensing partners may experience, including risks associated with each licensing partner's ability to obtain capital, manage its labor relations, maintain relationships with its suppliers, manage its credit and bankruptcy risks, and maintain customer relationships. while we maintain significant control over the products produced for us by our licensing partners, any of the foregoing risks, or the inability of any of our licensing partners to execute on the expected design and quality of the licensed products or otherwise exercise operational and financial control over its business, may result in loss of revenue and competitive harm to our operations in the product categories where we have entered into such licensing arrangements. further, while we believe that we could replace our existing licensing partners if required, our inability to do so for any period of time could materially adversely affect our revenues and harm our business.
we also may decide not to renew our agreements with our licensing partners.  for example, we did not renew our agreement with our prior footwear licensing partner when it expired in late fiscal 2017 and brought the category in-house. while we believe we have the infrastructure and systems in place to successfully bring this category in-house, we may face unexpected difficulties or costs in connection with this process or any future action to bring currently licensed categories in-house.
if we are unable to pay quarterly dividends at intended levels, our reputation and stock price may be harmed.
the dividend program requires the use of a moderate portion of our cash flow. our ability to pay dividends will depend on our ability to generate sufficient cash flows from operations in the future. this ability may be subject to certain economic, financial, competitive and other factors that are beyond our control. our board of directors ("board") may, at its discretion, decrease the intended level of dividends or entirely discontinue the payment of dividends at any time. any failure to pay dividends after we have announced our intention to do so may negatively impact our reputation, investor confidence in us and negatively impact our stock price.
we have incurred a substantial amount of indebtedness, which could restrict our ability to engage in additional transactions or incur additional indebtedness.
as of july 1, 2017, our consolidated indebtedness was approximately $1.6 billion. subsequent to fiscal year 2017, we borrowed $1.1 billion in term loans. together with our cash on hand and cash on hand at kate spade, along with the $1.0 billion of senior notes and $1.1 billion in term loans, we financed our acquisition of kate spade. we also have $600 million of additional senior unsecured notes outstanding and capacity to borrow up to $900 million of additional indebtedness under our undrawn revolving credit facility, which may be used to finance our working capital needs, capital expenditures, permitted investments, share purchases, dividends and other general corporate purposes. this substantial level of indebtedness could have important consequences to our business including making it more difficult to satisfy our debt obligations, increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions, limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate and restricting us from pursuing certain business opportunities. in addition, the terms of our credit facility contain affirmative and negative covenants, including a leverage ratio, as well as limitations on our ability to incur debt, grant liens, engage in mergers and dispose of assets. these consequences and limitations could reduce the benefits we expect to achieve from the acquisition of kate spade or impede our ability to engage in future business opportunities or strategic acquisitions.
our ability to make payments on and to refinance our debt obligations and to fund planned capital expenditures depends on our ability to generate cash from our operations. this, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. we cannot guarantee that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from our operations or that future borrowings will be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to make payments of our debt, fund other liquidity needs and make planned capital expenditures. in addition, our ability to access the credit and capital markets in the future as a source of funding, and the borrowing costs associated with such financing, is dependent upon market conditions and our credit rating and outlook.
19
provisions in the company's charter, bylaws and maryland law may delay or prevent an acquisition of the company by a third party.
the company's charter, bylaws and maryland law contain provisions that could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire the company without the consent of our board. the company's charter permits a majority of its entire board, without stockholder approval, to amend the charter to increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares of stock or the number of shares of stock of any class or series that the company has the authority to issue. in addition, the company's board may classify or reclassify any unissued shares of common stock or preferred stock and may set the preferences, rights and other terms of the classified or reclassified shares. although the company's board has no intention to do so at the present time, it could establish a class or series of preferred stock that could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction or a change in control that might involve a premium price for the company's common stock or otherwise be in the best interest of the company's stockholders.
the company's bylaws can only be amended by our board. the company's bylaws provide that nominations of persons for election to the company's board and the proposal of business to be considered at an annual meeting of stockholders may be made only in the notice of the meeting, by the company's board or by a stockholder who is a stockholder of record as of the record date set by the company's board for purposes of determining stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, at the time of giving notice and at the time of the meeting and has complied with the advance notice procedures of the company's bylaws. also, under maryland law, business combinations, including, in certain circumstances specified in the statute, issuances of equity securities, between the company and any person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 10% or more of the company's common stock or an affiliate of such person are prohibited for a five-year period, beginning on the date such person last becomes a 10% stockholder, unless exempted in accordance with the statute. after this period, a combination of this type must be approved by two super-majority stockholder votes, unless some conditions are met or the business combination is exempted by the company's board.
risks relating to our hong kong depositary receipts ("hdrs")
an active trading market for the hong kong depositary receipts on the hong kong stock exchange might not develop or be sustained and their trading prices might fluctuate significantly.
we cannot assure you that an active trading market for the hdrs on the hong kong stock exchange will develop or be sustained. if an active trading market of the hdrs on the hong kong stock exchange does not develop or is not sustained, the market price and liquidity of the hdrs could be materially and adversely affected. as a result, the market price for hdrs in hong kong might not be indicative of the trading prices of coach's common stock on the nyse, even allowing for currency differences.
the characteristics of the u.s. capital markets and the hong kong capital markets are different.
the nyse and the hong kong stock exchange have different trading hours, trading characteristics (including trading volume and liquidity), trading and listing rules, and investor bases (including different levels of retail and institutional participation). as a result of these differences, the trading prices of common stock and the hdrs representing them might not be the same, even allowing for currency differences. fluctuations in the price of our common stock due to circumstances particular to the u.s. capital markets could materially and adversely affect the price of the hdrs. because of the different characteristics of the u.s. and hong kong equity markets, the historic market prices of our common stock may not be indicative of the performance of the hdrs.
we are a corporation incorporated in the state of maryland in the united states and our corporate governance practices are principally governed by u.s. federal and maryland state laws and regulations.
we are a corporation incorporated in the state of maryland in the united states and our hdrs are listed on the hong kong stock exchange. our corporate governance practices are primarily governed by and subject to u.s. federal and maryland laws and regulations. u.s. federal and maryland laws and regulations differ in a number of respects from comparable laws and regulations in hong kong. there are certain differences between the stockholder protection regimes in maryland and the united states and in hong kong.
we have obtained a ruling from the securities and futures commission of hong kong (the "sfc") that we will not be regarded as a public company in hong kong for the purposes of the code on takeovers and mergers and the share repurchases code of hong kong and hence, these codes will not apply to us. we have also obtained a partial exemption from the sfc in respect of the disclosure of interest provisions set out in the securities and futures ordinance of hong kong. in addition, we have been granted waivers or exemptions by the hong kong stock exchange from certain requirements under its listing rules. neither our stockholders nor the hdr holders will have the benefit of those hong kong rules, regulations and the listing rules of the hong kong stock exchange for which we have applied, and been granted, waivers or exemptions by the hong kong stock exchange and sfc.
additionally, if any of these waivers or exemptions were to be revoked in circumstances including our non-compliance with applicable undertakings for any reason, additional legal and compliance obligations might be costly and time consuming, and might result in issues of interjurisdictional compliance, which could adversely affect us and hdr holders.
20
as the sfc does not have extra-territorial jurisdiction on any of its powers of investigation and enforcement, it will also have to rely on the regulatory regimes of maryland state authorities and the sec to enforce any corporate governance breaches committed by us in the united states. investors in the hdrs should be aware that it could be difficult to enforce any judgment obtained outside the united states against us or any of our associates.
furthermore, prospective investors in the hdrs should be aware, among other things, that there are u.s. federal withholding and estate tax implications for hdr holders.
hdr holders are not stockholders of the company and must rely on the depositary for the hdrs (the "hdr depositary") to exercise on their behalf the rights that are otherwise available to the stockholders of the company.
hdr holders do not have the rights of stockholders. they only have the contractual rights set forth for their benefit under the deposit agreement for the hdrs (the "deposit agreement"). holders of hdrs are not permitted to vote at stockholders' meetings, and they may only vote by providing instructions to the hdr depositary. there is no guarantee that holders of hdrs will receive voting materials in time to instruct the hdr depositary to vote and it is possible that holders of hdrs, or persons who hold their hong kong depositary shares through brokers, dealers or other third parties, will not have the opportunity to exercise a right to vote, although both we and the hdr depositary will endeavor to make arrangements to ensure as far as practicable that all holders of hdrs will be able to vote. as the hdr depositary or its nominee will be the registered owner of the common stock underlying their hdrs, holders of hdrs must rely on the hdr depositary (or its nominee) to exercise rights on their behalf. in addition, holders of hdrs will also incur charges on any cash distribution made pursuant to the deposit agreement and on transfers of certificated hdrs.
holders of hdrs will experience dilution in their indirect interest in the company in the event of an equity offering which is not extended to them.
if we decide to undertake an equity offering (that is not a rights or other offering that is extended to hdr holders), hdr holders may suffer a dilution in their indirect ownership and voting interest in the common stock, as compared to their holdings in the hdrs immediately prior to such an offering.
holders of hdrs will be reliant upon the performance of several service providers. any breach of those service providers of their contractual obligations could have adverse consequences for an investment in hdrs.
an investment in hdrs will depend for its continuing viability on the performance of several service providers, including but not limited to the hdr depositary, the registrar for the hdrs, the custodian and any sub-custodian appointed in respect of the underlying common stock. a failure by any of those service providers to meet their contractual obligations, whether or not by culpable default, could detract from the continuing viability of the hdrs as an investment. the company will not have direct contractual recourse against the custodian, any sub-custodian or the registrar; hence the potential for redress in circumstances of default will be limited. however, the company and the hdr depositary have executed a deed poll in favor of hdr holders in relation to the exercise by them of their rights as hdr holders under the deposit agreement against the company or the hdr depositary.
withdrawals and exchanges of hdrs into common stock traded on the nyse might adversely affect the liquidity of the hdrs.
our common stock is presently traded on the nyse. any hdr holder may at any time request that their hdrs be withdrawn and exchanged into common stock for trading on the nyse. upon the exchange of hdrs into common stock, the relevant hdrs will be canceled. in the event that a substantial number of hdrs are withdrawn and exchanged into common stock and subsequently canceled, the liquidity of the hdrs on the hong kong stock exchange might be adversely affected.
the time required for hdrs to be exchanged into common stock (and vice versa) might be longer than expected and investors might not be able to settle or effect any sales of their securities during this period.
there is no direct trading or settlement between the nyse and the hong kong stock exchange on which the common stock and the hdrs are respectively traded. in addition, the time differences between hong kong and new york and unforeseen market circumstances or other factors may delay the exchange of hdrs into common stock (and vice versa). investors will be prevented from settling or effecting the sale of their securities across the various stock exchanges during such periods of delay. in addition, there is no assurance that any exchange of hdrs into common stock (and vice versa) will be completed in accordance with the timelines investors might anticipate.
investors are subject to exchange rate risk between hong kong dollars and u.s. dollars.
the value of an investment in the hdrs quoted in hong kong dollars and the value of dividend payments in respect of the hdrs could be affected by fluctuations in the u.s. dollar/hong kong dollar exchange rate. while the hong kong dollar is currently linked to the u.s. dollar using a specified trading band, no assurance can be given that the hong kong government will maintain the trading band at its current limits or at all.
21
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion of coach's financial condition and results of operations should be read together with coach's consolidated financial statements and notes thereto, included elsewhere in this document. when used herein, the terms "company," "coach," "we," "us" and "our" refer to coach, inc., including consolidated subsidiaries. unless the context requires otherwise, references to the "coach brand" do not include the stuart weitzman brand and references to the "stuart weitzman brand" do not include the coach brand and references to the company, coach, we, our or us do not include kate spade & company ("kate spade").
executive overview the fiscal year ended july 1, 2017 was a 52-week period, the fiscal year ended july 2, 2016 was a 53-week period and the fiscal year ended june 27, 2015 was a 52-week period.
coach, inc. is a leading new york-based house of modern luxury accessories and lifestyle brands. the coach brand was established in new york city in 1941, and has a rich heritage of pairing exceptional leathers and materials with innovative design. coach, inc. acquired stuart weitzman, a leader in women's designer footwear, during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015.
coach, inc. operates in three segments:
•   north america - the north america segment includes sales of coach brand products to customers through coach-operated stores, including the internet, and sales to wholesale customers in north america.
•   international - the international segment includes sales of coach brand products to customers through coach-operated stores and concession shop-in-shops in japan, mainland china, hong kong, macau, singapore, taiwan, malaysia, south korea, the united kingdom, france, ireland, spain, portugal, germany, italy, austria, belgium, the netherlands and switzerland. additionally, international includes sales to consumers through the internet in japan, mainland china, south korea, the united kingdom, france, spain, germany and italy, as well as sales to wholesale customers and distributors in approximately 55 countries.
•   stuart weitzman - the stuart weitzman segment includes global sales generated by the stuart weitzman brand, primarily through department stores in north america and international locations, within numerous independent third party distributors and within stuart weitzman operated stores, including the internet, in the united states, canada and europe.
other, which is not a reportable segment, consists of sales and expenses generated by the coach brand other ancillary channels, licensing and disposition.
as the company's business model is based on multi-channel and brand global distribution, our success does not depend solely on the performance of a single channel or geographic area.
we are focused on driving long-term growth and profitability through the following key initiatives:
build an infrastructure to support future growth initiatives
•   through the acquisition of kate spade, we created the first new york-based house of modern luxury lifestyle brands, defined by authentic, distinctive products and fashion innovation.
•   create an agile and scalable business model to support sustainable/future growth for a multi-brand coach, inc.
drive brand relevance
•   continue to evolve the coach brand across the key consumer touchpoints of product, stores and marketing.
•   reinvigorate growth and brand relevance through our differentiated positioning, which combines our history of heritage and craftsmanship with stuart vevers's modern creative vision.
•   raise brand awareness and increase market share for the stuart weitzman brand globally, building upon the company's strong momentum and core brand equities of fusing fashion with fit.
grow our business internationally
•   continue to increase the coach brand's penetration internationally.
•   support the development of the stuart weitzman brand, particularly in asia.
30
harness the power of the digital world
•   continue to accelerate the development of our digital programs and capabilities world-wide, reflecting the change in consumer shopping behavior globally.
recent developments kate spade acquisition on july 11, 2017, the company completed its acquisition of kate spade & company for $18.50 per share in cash for a total of approximately $2.4 billion. the combination of coach, inc. and kate spade & company creates a leading luxury lifestyle company with a more diverse multi-brand portfolio supported by significant expertise in handbag design, merchandising, supply chain and retail operations as well as solid financial acumen.
strategic repositioning of coach brand in north america department stores in the beginning of fiscal 2017, the company implemented a deliberate and strategic decision to elevate the coach brand's positioning in the channel by limiting participation in promotional events and closing approximately 25% of its wholesale doors during fiscal 2017.
operational efficiency plan during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, the company announced a series of operational efficiency initiatives focused on creating an agile and scalable business model (the "operational efficiency plan"). the significant majority of the charges under this plan will be recorded within sg&a expenses, and was substantially completed by the end of fiscal 2017. these charges are associated with organizational efficiencies, primarily related to the reduction of corporate staffing levels globally, as well as accelerated depreciation, mainly associated with information systems retirement, technology infrastructure charges related to the initial costs of replacing and updating our core technology platforms, and international supply chain and office location optimization. the remaining charges under this plan approximate $10-15 million which will be incurred in fiscal 2018.
refer to note 3, "restructuring activities" and "gaap to non-gaap reconciliation" for further information.
transformation plan during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014, coach, inc. announced a multi-year strategic plan with the objective of transforming the coach brand and reinvigorating growth (the "transformation plan"). key operational and cost measures of the transformation plan included: (i) the investment in capital improvements in our stores and wholesale locations to drive comparable sales improvement; (ii) the optimization and streamlining of our organizational model as well as the closure of underperforming stores in north america, and select international stores; (iii) the realignment of inventory levels and mix to reflect our elevated product strategy and consumer preferences; (iv) the investment in incremental advertising costs to elevate consumer perception of the coach brand, drive sales growth and promote our new strategy, which started in fiscal 2015; and (v) the significant scale-back of our promotional cadence in an increased global promotional environment, particularly within our outlet internet sales site, which began in fiscal 2014. the company's execution of these key operational and cost measures was concluded during fiscal 2016, and we believe that long-term growth will be realized through these transformational efforts over time.
refer to note 3, "restructuring activities" and "gaap to non-gaap reconciliation" for further information.
current trends and outlook global consumer retail traffic remains relatively weak and inconsistent, which has led to a more promotional environment in the fragmented retail industry due to increased competition and a desire to offset traffic declines with increased levels of conversion. while certain developed geographic regions are withstanding these pressures better than others, the level of consumer travel and spending on discretionary items remains constrained due to the economic uncertainty. declines in traffic could result in store impairment charges if expected future cash flows of the related asset group do not exceed the carrying value.
political and economic instability or changing macroeconomic conditions that exist in our major markets have further contributed to this uncertainty, including the potential impact of (1) new policies that may be implemented by the u.s. presidential administration and government, particularly with respect to tax and trade policies or (2) the united kingdom ("u.k.") voting to leave the european union ("e.u."), commonly known as "brexit." on march 29, 2017, the u.k. triggered article 50 of the lisbon treaty formally starting negotiations with the e.u. the u.k. has two years to complete these negotiations. although the terms of the u.k.'s future relationship with the e.u. are still unknown, it is possible that there will be increased regulatory and legal complexities, including potentially divergent national laws and regulations between the u.k. and e.u. brexit may also cause disruption and create uncertainty surrounding our business, including affecting our relationship with our existing and future customers, suppliers and employees.
additional macroeconomic events including foreign exchange rate volatility in various parts of the world, recent and evolving impacts of economic and geopolitical events in hong kong, macau and mainland china ("greater china"), the impact of terrorist
31
acts (particularly in europe), disease epidemics and a slowdown in emerging market growth (particularly in asia) have contributed to this uncertainty. our results have been impacted by foreign exchange rate fluctuations, and will continue to fluctuate with future volatility.
certain limited and recent factors within the u.s., including an improvement in the labor and housing markets and modest growth in overall consumer spending, suggest a potential moderate strengthening in the u.s. economic outlook. it is still, however, too early to understand what kind of sustained impact this will have on consumer discretionary spending. if the global macroeconomic environment remains volatile or worsens, the constrained level of worldwide consumer spending and modified consumption behavior may continue to have a negative effect on our outlook. several organizations that monitor the world's economy, including the international monetary fund, are projecting slightly accelerated economic strengthening with modest overall global growth for the remainder of calendar 2017 but caution that there is considerable uncertainty surrounding the underlying assumptions of the forecast.
we will continue to monitor these trends and evaluate and adjust our operating strategies and cost management opportunities to mitigate the related impact on our results of operations, while remaining focused on the long-term growth of our business and protecting the value of our brands.
furthermore, refer to part i, item 1 - "business" for additional discussion on our expected store openings and closures within each of our segments. for a detailed discussion of significant risk factors that have the potential to cause our actual results to differ materially from our expectations, see part i, item 1a - "risk factors" included in this annual report on form 10-k.
32
fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016
the following table summarizes results of operations for fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016. all percentages shown in the table below and the discussion that follows have been calculated using unrounded numbers.
fiscal year ended july 1, 2017                                  july 2, 2016                              variance
(millions, except per share data)
amount          % ofnet sales                 amount          % ofnet sales               amount                %
net sales                                     $4,488.3              100.0   %               $4,491.8              100.0   %                $(3.5    )        (0.1   )%
gross profit                                   3,081.1               68.6                    3,051.3               67.9                     29.8              1.0
sg&amp;a expenses                              2,293.7               51.1                    2,397.8               53.4                   (104.1    )        (4.3    )
operating income                                 787.4               17.5                      653.5               14.5                    133.9             20.5
interest expense, net                             28.4                0.6                       26.9                0.6                      1.5              5.5
income before provision for income taxes         759.0               16.9                      626.6               14.0                    132.4             21.1
provision for income taxes                       168.0                3.7                      166.1                3.7                      1.9              1.2
net income                                       591.0               13.2                      460.5               10.3                    130.5             28.3
net income per share:
basic                                            $2.11                                         $1.66                                       $0.45             27.0    %
diluted                                          $2.09                                         $1.65                                       $0.44             26.7    %
gaap to non-gaap reconciliation the company's reported results are presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("gaap"). the reported results during fiscal 2017 and 2016 reflect the impact of the operational efficiency plan, stuart weitzman and kate spade acquisition-related costs and the transformation plan, as noted in the following tables. refer to page 44 for further discussion on the non-gaap measures.
coach, inc.
gaap to non-gaap reconciliation for the years ended july 1, 2017 and july 2, 2016
july 1, 2017
gaap basis(as reported)             operational efficiency plan           stuart weitzman acquisition-related costs             kate spade acquisition-related costs            non-gaap basis(excluding items)
(millions, except per share data)
gross profit                                        $3,081.1                                    $-                                           $(2.9               )                                $-                                     $3,084.0
sg&amp;a expenses                                    2,293.7             24.0                                                                 (9.1               )                               7.4                                      2,271.4
operating income                                       787.4                                 (24.0           )                                 6.2                                              (7.4              )                         812.6
income before provision for income taxes               759.0                                 (24.0           )                                 6.2                                             (16.9              )                         793.7
provision for income taxes                             168.0                                  (8.3           )                                (1.5               )                              (6.6              )                         184.4
net income                                             591.0                                 (15.7           )                                 7.7                                             (10.3              )                         609.3
diluted net income per share                            2.09                                 (0.05           )                                0.03                                             (0.04              )                          2.15
33
july 2, 2016
gaap basis(as reported)           transformation and other actions             operational efficiency plan           stuart weitzman acquisition-related costs            non-gaap basis(excluding items)
(millions, except per share data)
gross profit                                        $3,051.3                                      $-                                       $-                                           $(1.1               )                      $3,052.4
sg&amp;a expenses                                    2,397.8             44.1                                       43.9                                    34.0                                                                    2,275.8
operating income                                       653.5                                   (44.1            )                       (43.9           )                               (35.1               )                         776.6
income before provision for income taxes               626.6                                   (44.1            )                       (43.9           )                               (35.1               )                         749.7
provision for income taxes                             166.1                                   (10.7            )                       (10.3           )                               (10.9               )                         198.0
net income                                             460.5                                   (33.4            )                       (33.6           )                               (24.2               )                         551.7
diluted net income per share                            1.65                                   (0.12            )                       (0.12           )                               (0.09               )                          1.98
fiscal 2017 items in fiscal 2017 the company recorded pre-tax adjustments as follows:
•   operational efficiency plan - total charges of $24.0 million primarily related to organizational efficiency costs, technology infrastructure costs and, to a lesser extent, network optimization costs. the company expects that the remaining charges under this plan will approximate $10-15 million and will be incurred in fiscal 2018. refer to the "executive overview" herein and note 3, "restructuring activities," for further information regarding this plan.
•   stuart weitzman acquisition-related costs - total income of $6.2 million, primarily related to:
◦   income of $26.8 million was recorded within the coach brand as corporate unallocated expense in sg&amp;a expenses. this includes the reversal of an accrual of $35.2 million related to estimated contingent purchase price payments which are not expected to be paid, partially offset by integration-related costs of $8.4 million.
◦   integration charges of $17.7 million were recorded in sg&amp;a expenses and $2.9 million was recorded to cost of sales within the stuart weitzman brand.
•   kate spade acquisition-related costs - total charges of $16.9 million, of which $9.5 million is related to bridge financing fees and recorded in interest expense and $7.4 million is related to professional fees, all of which were recorded in corporate unallocated expenses within the coach brand.
these actions taken together increased the company's sg&a expenses by $22.3 million and cost of sales by $2.9 million, negatively impacting net income by $18.3 million, or $0.06 per diluted share.
fiscal 2016 items in fiscal 2016 the company incurred pre-tax charges as follows:
•   transformation and other actions - $44.1 million under our coach brand transformation plan primarily due to organizational efficiency costs, lease termination charges and accelerated depreciation as a result of store renovations within north america and select international stores.
•   operational efficiency plan - $43.9 million primarily related to organizational efficiency costs and, to a lesser extent, network optimization costs.
•   acquisition-related costs - $35.1 million total charges related to the acquisition of stuart weitzman holdings llc, of which $27.6 million is primarily related to charges attributable to contingent payments and integration-related activities (of which $19.4 million is recorded within unallocated corporate expenses within the coach brand and $8.2 million is recorded within the stuart weitzman segment, resulting in a decrease in operating income of $19.4 million and $8.2 million, respectively), and $7.5 million is related to the limited life impact of purchase accounting, primarily due to the amortization of the fair value of the order backlog asset, distributor relationships and inventory step-up, all recorded within the stuart weitzman segment resulting in a $7.5 million decrease in operating income.
total transformation plan, operational efficiency plan and acquisition-related costs taken together increased the company's sg&a expenses by $122.0 million and cost of sales by $1.1 million, negatively impacting net income by $91.2 million, or $0.33 per diluted share.
34
summary - fiscal 2017
net sales in fiscal 2017 decreased slightly by 0.1% to $4.49 billion, with no material impact from foreign currency. net sales in fiscal 2016 includes the favorable impact of the 53rd week in fiscal 2016, which resulted in incremental net sales of $84.4 million. excluding the impact of the 53rd week in fiscal 2016, net sales increased by $80.9 million or 1.8%. gross profit increased by 1.0% to $3.08 billion during fiscal 2017 as compared to $3.05 billion in fiscal 2016. sg&a expenses decreased by 4.3% to $2.29 billion in fiscal 2017. excluding non-gaap charges, sg&a expenses decreased by 0.2% to $2.27 billion.
net income increased 28.3% in fiscal 2017 as compared to fiscal 2016, primarily due to an increase in operating income of $133.9 million. net income per diluted share increased 26.7% to $2.09, primarily due to higher net income. excluding non-gaap charges, net income and net income per diluted share increased 10.4% and 9.1%, respectively. the impact of the 53rd week in fiscal 2016 contributed approximately $0.07 to net income per diluted share.
currency fluctuation effects the change in net sales in fiscal 2017 has been presented both including and excluding currency fluctuation effects.
net sales the following table presents net sales by reportable segment for fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016:
fiscal year ended total net sales         rate ofchange                                percentage oftotal net sales july 1,                 july 2,                july 1,                        july 2,
2017                    2016                2017                              2016
(millions)
north america        $2,349.5                $2,397.1              (2.0   )        %          52.3          %             53.4          %
international         1,715.2                 1,704.0               0.7                       38.2                        37.9
other(1)                 50.0        46.0                           8.7                        1.2                         1.0
coach brand          $4,114.7                $4,147.1              (0.8   )                   91.7          %             92.3          %
stuart weitzman         373.6        344.7                          8.4                        8.3                         7.7
total net sales      $4,488.3                $4,491.8              (0.1   )                  100.0          %            100.0          %
(1)   net sales in the other category, which is not a reportable segment, consists of sales generated by the coach brand other ancillary channels, licensing and disposition.
net sales for the coach brand decreased 0.8% or $32.4 million in fiscal 2017 as compared to fiscal 2016, as described below. net sales for the coach brand was not materially impacted by foreign currency. excluding the impact of the 53rd week in fiscal 2016, net sales increased 1.1%.
north america net sales decreased 2.0% or $47.6 million to $2.35 billion in fiscal 2017, which was not materially impacted by changes in foreign currency. excluding the impact of the 53rd week of $43.7 million in fiscal 2016, net sales decreased by $3.9 million. this decrease was primarily driven by lower sales to wholesale customers of $56.3 million due to the company's strategic decision to elevate the coach's brand positioning in the channel by limiting participation in promotional events and closing approximately 25% of its wholesale doors by the end of fiscal 2017 and a decrease in non-comparable store sales of $9.1 million primarily due to the impact of net store closures. these decreases were offset by higher comparable store sales, which increased by $64.2 million or 3.1% primarily due to higher conversion. our bricks and mortar comparable store sales increased 3.8%. comparable store sales measure sales performance at stores that have been opened for at least 12 months and include sales from the internet. in certain instances, orders placed via the internet may be fulfilled by a physical store; such sales are recorded by the physical store. comparable store sales have not been adjusted for store expansions. north america comparable store sales are presented for the 52-weeks ending july 1, 2017 versus the analogous 52-weeks ended july 2, 2016 for comparability. since the end of fiscal 2016, north america closed a net 13 stores.
international net sales increased 0.7% or $11.2 million to $1.72 billion in fiscal 2017. excluding the favorable impact of foreign currency, primarily within japan, net sales increased $5.7 million or 0.3%. fiscal 2016 included net sales of $32.1 million as a result of the 53rd week. this $5.7 million increase is primarily due to an increase in net sales in europe of $23.3 million due to positive comparable store sales as well as an expanded store distribution network and an increase in greater china of $20.8 million due to the impact of net new stores and positive comparable store sales in mainland china. these increases were partially
35
offset by a decrease in japan of $23.7 million and in south korea of $11.5 million primarily due to decreased store traffic in these regions. since the end of fiscal 2016, we opened a net 21 stores, primarily in europe and mainland china.
stuart weitzman net sales increased $28.9 million to $373.6 million in fiscal 2017, which was not materially impacted by changes in foreign currency. fiscal 2016 included net sales of $7.4 million as a result of the 53rd week. this increase was primarily due to $35.2 million in the retail channel due to the acquisition of the stuart weitzman canadian distributor in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, positive comparable store sales and net store openings. this was partially offset by lower wholesale net sales of $7.0 million. prior year wholesale net sales included shipments into the canadian distributor. since the end of the fiscal 2016, stuart weitzman opened a net 6 new stores.
gross profit gross profit increased 1.0% or $29.8 million to $3.08 billion in fiscal 2017 from $3.05 billion in fiscal 2016. gross margin for fiscal 2017 was 68.6% as compared to 67.9% in fiscal 2016. excluding non-gaap charges of $2.9 million in fiscal 2017 and $1.1 million in fiscal 2016, as discussed in the "gaap to non-gaap reconciliation" herein, gross profit increased 1.0% or $31.6 million to $3.08 billion from $3.05 billion in fiscal 2016, and gross margin was 68.7% in fiscal 2017 as compared to 68.0% in fiscal 2016, an increase of 70 basis points.
gross profit for the coach brand increased slightly by 0.2% or $6.1 million to $2.86 billion in fiscal 2017. excluding the 53rd week in fiscal 2016, gross profit increased by $55.1 million. gross margin for the coach brand increased 70 basis points to 69.4% in fiscal 2017 from 68.7% in fiscal 2016, which was not materially impacted by the year over year change in foreign currency rates.
north america gross profit decreased 1.7% or $25.0 million to $1.45 billion in fiscal 2017. gross margin increased 20 basis points to 61.9% in fiscal 2017 from 61.7% in fiscal 2016. fiscal 2016 gross profit included $26.1 million attributable to the 53rd week. the increase in gross margin is due to favorable channel mix as a result of wholesale door closures and to a lesser extent, improved costing and product mix which was offset by promotional activity.
international gross profit increased 1.4% or $17.7 million to $1.30 billion in fiscal 2017. excluding the impact of the 53rd week in fiscal 2016, gross profit increased $40.8 million. gross margin increased 50 basis points to 76.0% in fiscal 2017 from 75.5% in fiscal 2016. foreign currency positively impacted gross margin by 10 basis points, primarily due to the japanese yen offset by the chinese renminbi. excluding the impact of foreign currency, international gross margin increased 40 basis points. this increase was due to favorable effects of decreased duty costs.
corporate unallocated gross profit increased $7.8 million to $59.8 million in fiscal 2017 from $52.0 million in fiscal 2016, primarily due to the impact of favorable inventory production variances partially offset by higher inventory reserves and royalty payments.
stuart weitzman gross profit increased 11.7% or $23.7 million to $226.1 million in fiscal 2017. gross profit in the 53rd week of fiscal 2016 was $4.0 million. gross margin increased 180 basis points to 60.5% in fiscal 2017 from 58.7% in fiscal 2016. the increase in gross margin is primarily attributable to a shift in channel mix.
selling, general and administrative expenses sg&a expenses are comprised of four categories: (i) selling; (ii) advertising, marketing and design; (iii) distribution and customer service; and (iv) administrative. selling expenses include store employee compensation, occupancy costs, supply costs, wholesale and retail account administration compensation globally and coach international operating expenses. these expenses are affected by the number of stores open during any fiscal period and store performance, as compensation and rent expenses vary with sales. advertising, marketing and design expenses include employee compensation, media space and production, advertising agency fees, new product design costs, public relations, special events and market research expenses. distribution and customer service expenses include warehousing, order fulfillment, shipping and handling, customer service, employee compensation and bag repair costs. administrative expenses include compensation costs for "corporate" functions including: executive, finance, human resources, legal and information systems departments, as well as corporate headquarters occupancy costs, consulting fees and software expenses. administrative expenses also include global equity compensation expense.
the company includes inbound product-related transportation costs from our service providers within cost of sales. the company, similar to some companies, includes certain transportation-related costs related to our distribution network in sg&a expenses rather than in cost of sales; for this reason, our gross margins may not be comparable to that of entities that include all costs related to their distribution network in cost of sales.
sg&a expenses decreased 4.3% or $104.1 million to $2.29 billion in fiscal 2017 as compared to $2.40 billion in fiscal 2016. as a percentage of net sales, sg&a expenses decreased to 51.1% during fiscal 2017 as compared to 53.4% during fiscal 2016. excluding non-gaap adjustments of $22.3 million in fiscal 2017 and $122.0 million in fiscal 2016, as discussed in the "gaap to non-gaap reconciliation" herein, sg&a expenses decreased 0.2% or $4.4 million from fiscal 2016; and sg&a expenses as a percentage of net sales remained relatively consistent at 50.6% in fiscal 2017 compared to 50.7% in fiscal 2016.
36
selling expenses were $1.60 billion, or 35.7% of net sales, in fiscal 2017 compared to $1.57 billion, or 35.1% of net sales, in fiscal 2016. this $29.6 million increase is primarily due to a $24.6 million increase attributable to the stuart weitzman segment, primarily due to increased store investments.
advertising, marketing, and design costs were $261.6 million, or 5.8% of net sales, in fiscal 2017, compared to $285.7 million, or 6.4% of net sales, during fiscal 2016. this was primarily due to a decrease of $26.8 million attributable to lower costs for coach brand advertising related events, including lower costs associated with promotional events and new york fashion week, partially offset by higher stuart weitzman marketing costs.
distribution and customer service expenses were $60.2 million, or 1.3% of net sales in fiscal 2017, consistent with fiscal 2016 expenses of $67.7 million, or 1.5% of net sales.
administrative expenses were $367.9 million, or 8.2% of net sales, in fiscal 2017 compared to $469.9 million, or 10.5% of net sales, during fiscal 2016. excluding non-gaap adjustments of $22.3 million in fiscal 2017 and $122.0 million in fiscal 2016, administrative expenses were $345.6 million, or 7.7% of net sales, in fiscal 2017 and $347.9 million, or 7.7% of net sales, in fiscal 2016. the decrease was primarily due to lower employee related costs and litigation costs.
operating income operating income increased 20.5% or $133.9 million to $787.4 million during fiscal 2017 as compared to $653.5 million in fiscal 2016. operating margin increased to 17.5% as compared to 14.5% in fiscal 2016. excluding non-gaap adjustments of $25.2 million in fiscal 2017 and $123.1 million in fiscal 2016, as discussed in the "gaap to non-gaap reconciliation" herein, operating income increased 4.6% or $36.0 million to $812.6 million from $776.6 million in fiscal 2016; and operating margin was 18.1% in fiscal 2017 as compared to 17.3% in fiscal 2016.
the following table presents operating income by reportable segment for fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016:
fiscal year ended operating income                              variance july 1, 2017              july 2, 2016               amount                %
(millions)
north america                     $697.0                    $737.3                 $(40.3    )         (5.5   )   %
international                      535.9          512.7                              23.2               4.5
other(1)                            31.4          22.9                                8.5              37.1
corporate unallocated             (497.5      )             (651.9      )           154.4              23.7
coach brand                       $766.8                    $621.0                 $145.8              23.5       %
stuart weitzman                     20.6          32.5                              (11.9    )        (36.6   )
total operating income            $787.4                    $653.5                 $133.9              20.5       %
(1)   operating income in the other category, which is not a reportable segment, consists of coach brand sales generated in other ancillary channels, licensing and disposition.
operating income for the coach brand increased 23.5% or $145.8 million to $766.8 million in fiscal 2017. furthermore, operating margin for the coach brand increased 360 basis points to 18.6% in fiscal 2017 when compared to fiscal 2016. excluding non-gaap adjustments, coach brand operating income totaled $771.4 million in fiscal 2017, resulting in an operating margin of 18.7%, compared to coach brand operating income of $728.4 million in fiscal 2016, or an operating margin of 17.6%.
north america operating income decreased 5.5% or $40.3 million to $697.0 million in fiscal 2017, reflecting the decrease in gross profit of $25.0 million and higher sg&a expenses of $15.3 million. the increase in sg&a expenses was due to higher occupancy costs, primarily due to the 5th avenue store, as well as higher depreciation expense. operating margin decreased 110 basis points to 29.7% in fiscal 2017 from 30.8% during the same period in the prior year due to higher sg&a expense as a percentage of net sales of 130 basis points, partially offset by higher gross margin of 20 basis points.
international operating income increased 4.5% or $23.2 million to $535.9 million in fiscal 2017, primarily reflecting an increase in gross profit of $17.7 million and lower sg&a expenses of $5.5 million. the decrease in sg&a expenses is primarily related to reduced marketing and occupancy costs in greater china, as well as lower employee related costs in international wholesale, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency effects in japan and increased occupancy costs in europe to support the growth of the business. operating margin increased 110 basis points to 31.2% in fiscal 2017 from 30.1% during the same
37
period in the prior year primarily due to lower overall sg&a as a percentage of net sales of 60 basis points and increased gross margin of 50 basis points.
corporate unallocated operating expense decreased $154.4 million to $497.5 million in fiscal 2017, a decrease of 23.7% from $651.9 million in fiscal 2016. this decrease was primarily attributable to lower non-gaap charges incurred by the company in fiscal 2017 as compared to fiscal 2016, as discussed in the "gaap to non-gaap reconciliation" herein. excluding non-gaap adjustments, unallocated operating expenses decreased by $51.7 million to $492.8 million. this decrease is primarily due to lower employee costs related to headcount and litigation costs, partially offset by higher occupancy costs.
stuart weitzman operating income decreased $11.9 million to $20.6 million in fiscal 2017, resulting in an operating margin of 5.5%, compared to an operating income of $32.5 million in fiscal 2016. excluding non-gaap adjustments as discussed in the "gaap to non-gaap reconciliation" herein, which reflect acquisition and integration-related costs, stuart weitzman operating income totaled $41.2 million in fiscal 2017, resulting in an operating margin of 11.0%. this compared to stuart weitzman operating income of $48.2 million in fiscal 2016, resulting in an operating margin of 14.0%.
provision for income taxes the effective tax rate was 22.1% in fiscal 2017, as compared to 26.5% in fiscal 2016. excluding non-gaap charges as discussed in the "gaap to non-gaap reconciliation" herein, the effective tax rate was 23.2% in fiscal 2017, as compared to 26.4% in fiscal 2016. the decrease in our effective tax rate was primarily attributable to the geographical mix of earnings and the u.s. income earned on foreign investments.
net income net income increased 28.3% or $130.5 to $591.0 million in fiscal 2017 as compared to $460.5 million in fiscal 2016. excluding non-gaap charges as discussed in the "gaap to non-gaap reconciliation" herein, net income increased 10.4% or $57.5 million to $609.3 million in fiscal 2017 from $551.7 million in fiscal 2016. this increase was primarily due to higher operating income.
earnings per share net income per diluted share increased 26.7% to $2.09 in fiscal 2017 as compared to $1.65 in fiscal 2016. excluding non-gaap charges as discussed in the "gaap to non-gaap reconciliation" herein, net income per diluted share increased 9.1% or $0.17 to $2.15 in fiscal 2017 from $1.98 in fiscal 2016, due to higher net income. the impact of the 53rd week in fiscal 2016 contributed approximately $0.07 to net income per diluted share.
fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015
the following table summarizes results of operations for fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015. all percentages shown in the table below and the discussion that follows have been calculated using unrounded numbers.
fiscal year ended july 2, 2016                                 june 27, 2015                              variance
(millions, except per share data)
amount          % ofnet sales                 amount          % ofnet sales               amount                %
net sales                                     $4,491.8              100.0   %               $4,191.6              100.0   %               $300.2               7.2   %
gross profit                                   3,051.3               67.9                    2,908.6               69.4                    142.7               4.9
sg&amp;a expenses                              2,397.8               53.4                    2,290.6               54.6                    107.2               4.7
operating income                                 653.5               14.5                      618.0               14.7                     35.5               5.7
interest expense, net                             26.9                0.6                        6.4                0.2                     20.5                    nm income before provision for income taxes         626.6               14.0                      611.6               14.6                     15.0               2.5
provision for income taxes                       166.1                3.7                      209.2                5.0                    (43.1    )        (20.6   )
net income                                       460.5               10.3                      402.4                9.6                     58.1              14.4
net income per share:
basic                                            $1.66                                         $1.46                                       $0.20              13.7   %
diluted                                          $1.65                                         $1.45                                       $0.20              13.6   %
nm - not meaningful
38
gaap to non-gaap reconciliation the company's reported results are presented in accordance with gaap. the reported results during fiscal 2016 and 2015 reflect certain items, including the impact of the transformation plan, the operational efficiency plan and acquisition-related costs, as noted in the following tables. refer to page 44 for a discussion on the non-gaap measures.
coach, inc.
gaap to non-gaap reconciliation for the years ended july 2, 2016 and june 27, 2015
july 2, 2016
gaap basis(as reported)           transformation and other actions             operational efficiency plan            acquisition-related costs            non-gaap basis(excluding items)
(millions, except per share data)
gross profit                            $3,051.3                                      $-                                       $-                                 $(1.1          )                      $3,052.4
sg&amp;a expenses                        2,397.8             44.1                                       43.9                                    34.0                                                     2,275.8
operating income                           653.5                                   (44.1            )                       (43.9           )                     (35.1          )                         776.6
provision for income taxes                 166.1                                   (10.7            )                       (10.3           )                     (10.9          )                         198.0
net income                                 460.5                                   (33.4            )                       (33.6           )                     (24.2          )                         551.7
diluted net income per share                1.65                                   (0.12            )                       (0.12           )                     (0.09          )                          1.98
june 27, 2015
gaap basis(as reported)       transformation and other actions   operational efficiency plan              acquisition-related costs        non-gaap basis(excluding items)
(millions, except per share data)
gross profit                            $2,908.6                               $(5.0            )   $-                                                $(4.7          )                  $2,918.3
sg&amp;a expenses                        2,290.6                               140.9                -                       19.9                                                         2,129.8
operating income                           618.0                              (145.9            )   -                                                 (24.6          )                     788.5
provision for income taxes                 209.2                               (38.1            )   -                                                  (3.6          )                     250.9
net income                                 402.4                              (107.8            )   -                                                 (21.0          )                     531.2
diluted net income per share                1.45                               (0.39            )   -                                                 (0.08          )                      1.92
fiscal 2016 items in fiscal 2016, the company incurred pre-tax charges as follows:
•   transformation and other actions - $44.1 million under our coach brand transformation plan primarily due to organizational efficiency costs, lease termination charges and accelerated depreciation as a result of store renovations within north america and select international stores;
•   operational efficiency plan - $43.9 million primarily related to organizational efficiency costs and, to a lesser extent, network optimization costs; and
•   acquisition-related costs - $35.1 million total charges related to the acquisition of stuart weitzman holdings llc, of which $27.6 million is primarily related to charges attributable to contingent payments and integration-related activities (of which $19.4 million is recorded within unallocated corporate expenses within the coach brand and $8.2 million is recorded within the stuart weitzman segment, resulting in a decrease in operating income of $19.4 million and $8.2 million, respectively), and $7.5 million is related to the limited life impact of purchase accounting, primarily due to the amortization of the fair value of the order backlog asset, distributor relationships and inventory step-up, all recorded within the stuart weitzman segment resulting in a $7.5 million decrease in operating income.
total transformation plan, operational efficiency plan and acquisition-related costs taken together increased the company's sg&a expenses by $122.0 million and cost of sales by $1.1 million, negatively impacting net income by $91.2 million, or $0.33 per diluted share.
39
fiscal 2015 items in fiscal 2015, the company incurred charges as follows:
•   transformation and other actions - $145.9 million under our coach brand transformation plan due to accelerated depreciation and lease termination charges as a result of store updates and closures within north america and select international stores, organizational efficiency charges, and charges related to the destruction of inventory;
•   acquisition-related costs - $24.6 million total acquisition-related costs, of which $17.1 million primarily related to consulting and legal costs related to the acquisition of stuart weitzman holdings llc, as well as costs attributable to contingent payments related to the acquisition (of which $15.8 million was recorded within unallocated corporate expenses within the coach brand and $1.3 million was recorded within the stuart weitzman segment, resulting in a decrease in operating income of $15.8 million and $1.3 million, respectively), and $7.5 million was related to the limited life impact of purchase accounting, primarily due to the amortization of the fair value of the inventory step-up and order backlog asset, all recorded within the stuart weitzman segment resulting in a $7.5 million decrease in operating income.
these fiscal 2015 actions taken together increased the company's sg&a expenses by $160.8 million and cost of sales by $9.7 million, negatively impacting net income by $128.8 million, or $0.47 per diluted share.
currency fluctuation effects the change in net sales in fiscal 2016 has been presented both including and excluding currency fluctuation effects.
net sales net sales increased 7.2% or $300.2 million to $4.49 billion in fiscal 2016, inclusive of the favorable impact of the 53rd week in fiscal 2016, which resulted in incremental net revenues of $84.4 million. excluding the effects of foreign currency, net sales increased 9.1% or $382.1 million. this increase was primarily due to the inclusion of a full year impact of the stuart weitzman brand and gains in the international business, partially offset by lower sales in north america. the following table presents net sales by reportable segment for fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015:
fiscal year ended total net sales          rate ofchange                  percentage of total net sales july 2,2016                june 27,       july 2,                june 27,
2015          2016                    2015
(millions)
north america        $2,397.1                 $2,467.5               (2.9   )           %    53.4       %    58.9           %
international         1,704.0                  1,622.0                5.1                    37.9            38.7
other(1)                 46.0         59.1                          (22.2   )                 1.0             1.4
coach brand          $4,147.1                 $4,148.6                  -                    92.3       %    99.0           %
stuart weitzman         344.7         43.0                             nm                     7.7             1.0
total net sales      $4,491.8                 $4,191.6                7.2                   100.0       %   100.0           %
nm - not meaningful
(1)   net sales in the other category, which is not a reportable segment, consists of coach brand sales generated in licensing and disposition channels.
net sales for the coach brand, which includes the north america and international segments, as well as sales in the other category, remained relatively flat in fiscal 2016 as compared to fiscal 2015, as described below. excluding the unfavorable impact of foreign currency, net sales increased 1.8%.
north america net sales decreased 2.9% or $70.4 million to $2.40 billion in fiscal 2016. excluding the unfavorable impact of foreign currency due to the canadian dollar, net sales decreased $50.7 million or 2.1%. the following discussion is presented excluding the favorable impact of the 53rd week to net sales of $43.7 million and the impact of foreign currency. the decrease in net sales was primarily driven by lower comparable store sales of $70.0 million or 3.3%, primarily due to lower traffic, partially offset by higher transaction size and improved conversion. excluding the negative impact of the internet business on comparable store sales, which was primarily attributable to the impact of reduced outlet internet events, comparable store sales decreased 3.0%. comparable store sales measure sales performance at stores that have been open for at least 12 months, and includes sales from the internet. coach excludes new locations from the comparable store base for the first twelve months of operation. comparable store sales have not been adjusted for store expansions. additionally, north america net sales declined by approximately $14
40
million due to the net impact of store closures and openings. since the end of fiscal 2015, north america closed a net 30 retail stores. north america sales were also negatively impacted by lower wholesale sales of approximately $10.1 million, due to lower volume of shipments.
international net sales increased 5.1% or $82.0 million to $1.70 billion in fiscal 2016. excluding the unfavorable impact of foreign currency, primarily within asia, net sales increased $139.9 million or 8.6%. the following discussion is presented excluding the favorable impact of the 53rd week to net sales of $32.1 million and the impact of foreign currency. this increase was primarily due to an increase of $53.8 million in europe due to an expanded wholesale and store distribution network and higher comparable store sales, an increase in greater china (which includes hong kong and macau) of $30.7 million due to net new stores and positive comparable store sales in mainland china, partially offset by declines in hong kong and macau due to a continued slowdown in inbound tourist traffic, an increase in asia (excluding greater china and japan) of $14.7 million due to the impact of net new store openings and an increase in japan of $11.9 million due to overall higher transaction size and improved levels of customer conversion (particularly in retail) contributing to higher comparable store sales. since the end of fiscal 2015, we opened 19 net new stores, with 13 net new stores in mainland china, hong kong and macau and japan, and 6 net new stores in the other regions.
stuart weitzman net sales increased $301.7 million to $344.7 million in fiscal 2016, including the favorable impact of the 53rd week in fiscal 2016, which resulted in incremental net revenues of $7.4 million. this increase was due to the inclusion of a full fiscal year impact of the stuart weitzman brand, compared to approximately two months in the prior fiscal year.
gross profit gross profit increased 4.9% or $142.7 million to $3.05 billion in fiscal 2016 from $2.91 billion in fiscal 2015. gross margin for fiscal 2016 was 67.9% as compared to 69.4% in fiscal 2015. excluding non-gaap charges of $1.1 million in fiscal 2016 and $9.7 million in fiscal 2015, as discussed in the "gaap to non-gaap reconciliation" herein, gross profit increased 4.6% or $134.1 million to $3.05 billion from $2.92 billion in fiscal 2015, and gross margin was 68.0% in fiscal 2016 as compared to 69.6% in fiscal 2015. the gross margin decline of 150 basis points (or 160 basis points excluding non-gaap items) was primarily due to the unfavorable effects of foreign currency on the coach brand, and the inclusion of the stuart weitzman business in our full year fiscal 2016 results (which contains lower gross margins compared to the coach brand).
gross profit for the coach brand, which includes the north america and international segments, as well as other and corporate unallocated results, decreased 1.4% or $39.8 million to $2.85 billion in fiscal 2016. furthermore, gross margin for the coach brand decreased 90 basis points from 69.6% in fiscal 2015 to 68.7% in the fiscal 2016, inclusive of an unfavorable 100 basis point foreign currency impact, as described below.
north america gross profit decreased 6.1% or $96.2 million to $1.48 billion in fiscal 2016. gross margin decreased 210 basis points from 63.8% in fiscal 2015 to 61.7% in fiscal 2016. the decrease in gross margin is primarily attributable to increased promotional activity, primarily in our outlet and wholesale channels, negatively impacting gross margin by 240 basis points, partially offset by the impact of an improved mix of elevated product sales and higher initial mark-ups, primarily in our outlet stores, favorably impacting gross margin by 40 basis points.
international gross profit increased 3.0% or $37.4 million to $1.29 billion in fiscal 2016. gross margin decreased 150 basis points from 77.0% in fiscal 2015 to 75.5% in fiscal 2016. foreign currency negatively impacted gross margin by 210 basis points, primarily due to the japanese yen. excluding the impact of foreign currency, international gross margin increased 60 basis points, primarily due to the favorable effects of decreased duty costs, positively impacting gross margin by 70 basis points. furthermore, an improved mix of elevated product sales, particularly in greater china and japan, positively impacted gross margin by 50 basis points. these increases were partially offset by a less favorable geographic mix of our sales, negatively impacting gross margin by 40 basis points, particularly as a result of the growth of our europe and international wholesale businesses.
corporate unallocated gross profit increased $24.8 million from $27.2 million in fiscal 2015 to $52.0 million in fiscal 2016, primarily due to the impact of favorable inventory production variances, decreased transformation-related charges and decreased inventory reserve charges.
stuart weitzman gross profit was $202.4 million in fiscal 2016, and $19.9 in fiscal 2015, due to the inclusion of a full fiscal year impact of the stuart weitzman brand, compared to approximately two months in the prior fiscal year. furthermore, gross margin was 58.7% in fiscal 2016, compared to 46.4% in the short acquisition year of fiscal 2015 (which included the short-term impact of the amortization of the fair value of the inventory step-up).
selling, general and administrative expenses sg&a expenses increased 4.7% or $107.2 million to $2.40 billion in fiscal 2016 as compared to $2.29 billion in fiscal 2015. as a percentage of net sales, sg&a expenses decreased to 53.4% during fiscal 2016 as compared to 54.6% during fiscal 2015. excluding non-gaap adjustments of $122.0 million in fiscal 2016 and $160.8 million in fiscal 2015, as discussed in the "gaap
41
to non-gaap reconciliation" herein, sg&a expenses increased 6.9% or $146.0 million from fiscal 2015; and sg&a expenses as a percentage of net sales remained relatively flat at 50.7% in fiscal 2016 compared to 50.8% in fiscal 2015.
selling expenses were $1.57 billion, or 35.1% of net sales, in fiscal 2016 compared to $1.53 billion, or 36.6% of net sales, in fiscal 2015. this $41.8 million increase is primarily due to a $47.3 million increase attributable to the stuart weitzman segment as well as increases in europe and mainland china to support growth in the business, partially offset by lower store-related costs in japan, asia (excluding greater china) and north america including decreased employee compensation costs and occupancy costs, as well as the impact of favorable foreign currency. excluding non-gaap charges of $4.1 million in fiscal 2015, selling expenses were 36.5% of net sales.
advertising, marketing, and design costs were $285.7 million, or 6.4% of net sales, in fiscal 2016, compared to $246.8 million, or 5.9% of net sales, during fiscal 2015. this was primarily due to an increase of $25.4 million attributable to stuart weitzman, as well as higher costs for coach brand marketing and advertising-related events, including our first true new york fashion week show in the first quarter of fiscal 2016, which increased by $17.9 million as compared to the same period prior year, partially offset by decreased employee-related costs.
distribution and customer service expenses were $67.7 million, or 1.5% of net sales in fiscal 2016, relatively in-line with fiscal 2015 expenses of $69.6 million, or 1.7% of net sales.
administrative expenses were $469.9 million, or 10.5% of net sales, in fiscal 2016 compared to $441.5 million, or 10.5% of net sales, during fiscal 2015. excluding non-gaap adjustments of $122.0 million in fiscal 2016 and $156.7 million in fiscal 2015, administrative expenses were $347.9 million, or 7.7% of net sales, in fiscal 2016 and $284.8 million, or 6.8% of net sales, in fiscal 2015. the increase is primarily due to the impact of stuart weitzman, contributing to $55.5 million of this increase, as well as increased coach brand information system costs and litigation costs, partially offset by lower coach brand occupancy costs.
operating income operating income increased 5.7% or $35.5 million to $653.5 million during fiscal 2016 as compared to $618.0 million in fiscal 2015. operating margin decreased to 14.5% as compared to 14.7% in fiscal 2015. excluding non-gaap adjustments of $123.1 million in fiscal 2016 and $170.5 million in fiscal 2015, as discussed in the "gaap to non-gaap reconciliation" herein, operating income decreased 1.5% or $11.9 million to $776.6 million from $788.5 million in fiscal 2015; and operating margin was 17.3%, in fiscal 2016 as compared to 18.8% in fiscal 2015.
the following table presents operating income by reportable segment for fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015:
july 2,2016              june 27,                            variance
2015
amount              %
(millions)
north america                   $737.3                 $820.5               $(83.2   )       (10.1   )   %
international                    512.7         480.6                          32.1             6.7
other(1)                          22.9         30.1                           (7.2   )       (23.9   )
corporate unallocated           (651.9     )           (708.6    )            56.7            (8.0   )
coach brand                     $621.0                 $622.6                $(1.6   )        (0.3   )   %
stuart weitzman                   32.5                   (4.6    )            37.1              nm total operating income          $653.5                 $618.0                $35.5             5.7       %
nm - not meaningful
(1)   operating income in the other category, which is not a reportable segment, consists of coach brand sales generated in licensing and disposition channels.
operating income for the coach brand decreased 0.3% or $1.6 million to $621.0 million in fiscal 2016. furthermore, operating margin for the coach brand remained flat at 15.0% in fiscal 2016 when compared to fiscal 2015. excluding non-gaap adjustments, coach brand operating income totaled $728.4 million in fiscal 2016, resulting in an operating margin of 17.6%. this compared to coach brand operating income of $784.3 million in fiscal 2015, or an operating margin of 18.9%.
north america operating income decreased 10.1% or $83.2 million to $737.3 million in fiscal 2016, reflecting the decrease in gross profit of $96.2 million which was partially offset by lower sg&a expenses of $13.0 million. the decrease in sg&a expenses was due to lower store-related costs, largely driven by net store closures, as well as decreased variable selling costs as a result of lower sales in north america stores, the internet business and the wholesale channel. operating margin decreased 250
42
basis points to 30.8% in fiscal 2016 from 33.3% during the same period in the prior year due to lower gross margin of 210 basis points and higher sg&a expense as a percentage of net sales of 40 basis points.
international operating income increased 6.7% or $32.1 million to $512.7 million in fiscal 2016, primarily reflecting an increase in gross profit of $37.4 million partially offset by higher sg&a expenses of $5.3 million. the increase in sg&a expenses is primarily related to an increase in employee compensation, depreciation expense related to our new modern luxury investments and increased occupancy costs in europe and greater china to support the growth of the business, partially offset by lower expenses in japan and asia (excluding greater china) primarily due to decreased occupancy and employee compensation costs, as well as favorable foreign currency effects. operating margin increased 50 basis points to 30.1% in fiscal 2016 from 29.6% during the same period in the prior year primarily due to lower overall sg&a as a percentage of net sales which increased operating margin by 200 basis points, partially offset by lower gross margin of 150 basis points.
corporate unallocated operating expense decreased $56.7 million to $651.9 million in fiscal 2016, a decrease of 8.0% from $708.6 million in fiscal 2015. this decrease was primarily attributable to lower non-gaap charges incurred by the company in fiscal 2016 as compared to fiscal 2015, as discussed in the "gaap to non-gaap reconciliation" herein. excluding non-gaap adjustments, unallocated operating expenses decreased by $2.5 million to $544.5 million. this decrease is primarily due to more favorable inventory production variances, lower coach brand occupancy costs and lower inventory reserve charges, partially offset by increased information system and legal costs.
stuart weitzman operating income increased $37.1 million to $32.5 million in fiscal 2016, resulting in an operating margin of 9.4%, compared to an operating loss of $4.6 million in fiscal 2015, including the impact of non-gaap charges as discussed in the "gaap to non-gaap reconciliation" herein. excluding non-gaap adjustments, including acquisition and integration-related costs as well as the short-term impact of purchase accounting, stuart weitzman operating income totaled $48.2 million in fiscal 2016, resulting in an operating margin of 14.0%. this compared to stuart weitzman operating income of approximately $4 million in fiscal 2015.
provision for income taxes the effective tax rate was 26.5% in fiscal 2016, as compared to 34.2% in fiscal 2015. excluding non-gaap charges as discussed in the "gaap to non-gaap reconciliation" herein, the effective tax rate was 26.4% in fiscal 2016, as compared to 32.1% in fiscal 2015. the decrease in our effective tax rate was primarily attributable to the expiration of certain statutes partially offset by the impact of certain ongoing audits, the benefit of available foreign tax credits, and the geographic mix of earnings.
net income net income increased 14.4% or $58.1 million to $460.5 million in fiscal 2016 as compared to $402.4 million in fiscal 2015. excluding non-gaap charges as discussed in the "gaap to non-gaap reconciliation" herein, net income increased 3.8% or $20.5 million to $551.7 million in fiscal 2016 from $531.2 million in fiscal 2015. this increase was primarily due to lower provision for income taxes, partially offset by the impact of increased interest expense attributable to our debt as well as lower operating income.
earnings per share net income per diluted share increased 13.6% to $1.65 in fiscal 2016 as compared to $1.45 in fiscal 2015. excluding non-gaap charges as discussed in the "gaap to non-gaap reconciliation" herein, net income per diluted share increased 3.1% or $0.06 to $1.98 in fiscal 2016 from $1.92 in fiscal 2015, due to higher net income. the impact of the 53rd week contributed approximately $0.07 to net income per diluted share.
43
non-gaap measures the company's reported results are presented in accordance with gaap. the reported gross profit, sg&a expenses, operating income, provision for income taxes, net income and earnings per diluted share in fiscal 2017, fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015 reflect certain items, including the impact of the transformation plan, the operational efficiency plan and acquisition-related charges. as a supplement to the company's reported results, these metrics are also reported on a non-gaap basis to exclude the impact of these items, along with a reconciliation to the most directly comparable gaap measures.
furthermore, the company's sales and earnings per diluted share results are presented both including and excluding the impact of the 53rd week in fiscal year 2016.
these non-gaap performance measures were used by management to conduct and evaluate its business during its regular review of operating results for the periods affected. management and the company's board utilized these non-gaap measures to make decisions about the uses of company resources, analyze performance between periods, develop internal projections and measure management performance. the company's primary internal financial reporting excluded these items. in addition, the compensation committee of the company's board will use these non-gaap measures when setting and assessing achievement of incentive compensation goals.
the company operates on a global basis and reports financial results in u.s. dollars in accordance with gaap. fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates can affect the amounts reported by the company in u.s. dollars with respect to its foreign revenues and profit. accordingly, certain increases and decreases in operating results for the company, the coach brand and the company's north america and international segment have been presented both including and excluding currency fluctuation effects from translating foreign-denominated amounts into u.s. dollars and compared to the same period in the prior fiscal year. constant currency information compares results between periods as if exchange rates had remained constant period-over-period. the company calculates constant currency revenue results by translating current period revenue in local currency using the prior year period's monthly average currency conversion rate.
we believe these non-gaap measures are useful to investors and others in evaluating the company's ongoing operating and financial results in a manner that is consistent with management's evaluation of business performance and understanding how such results compare with the company's historical performance. additionally, we believe presenting certain increases and decreases in constant currency provides a framework for assessing the performance of the company's business outside the united states and helps investors and analysts understand the effect of significant year-over-year currency fluctuations. we believe excluding these items assists investors and others in developing expectations of future performance. by providing the non-gaap measures, as a supplement to gaap information, we believe we are enhancing investors' understanding of our business and our results of operations. the non-gaap financial measures are limited in their usefulness and should be considered in addition to, and not in lieu of, u.s. gaap financial measures. further, these non-gaap measures may be unique to the company, as they may be different from non-gaap measures used by other companies.
for a detailed discussion on these non-gaap measures, see item 6. "selected financial data," and the results of operations section within item 7. "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations."
financial condition cash flows - fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016
fiscal year ended july 1,2017        july 2,2016                     change
(millions)
net cash provided by operating activities                               $853.8              $758.6                      $95.2
net cash provided by (used in) investing activities                      593.0              (810.0      )             1,403.0
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities                      369.5              (384.9      )     754.4
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents              (2.4     )   3.5                               (5.9    )
net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                  $1,813.9              $(432.8     )            $2,246.7
the company's cash and cash equivalents increased by $1.81 billion in fiscal 2017 compared to a decrease of $432.8 million in fiscal 2016, as discussed below.
net cash provided by operating activities net cash provided by operating activities increased $95.2 million primarily due to higher net income of $130.5 million and higher non-cash charges of $98.5 million, partially offset by changes in operating assets and liabilities of $133.8 million.
44
the $133.8 million decline in changes in our operating asset and liability balances was primarily driven by changes in other liabilities, accrued liabilities and inventories, partially offset by changes in accounts payable and other assets. other liabilities were a use of cash of $53.4 million in fiscal 2017 compared to a source of cash of $49.5 million in fiscal 2016, primarily driven by changes in tax liabilities (including the expiration of statutes during the quarter), partially offset by higher store-related liabilities in fiscal 2016. accrued liabilities were a use of cash of $50.1 million in fiscal 2017 as compared to a source of cash of $30.1 million in fiscal 2016, primarily driven by changes in derivative positions due to foreign currency fluctuations and timing of other operating payments. inventories were a use of cash of $20.0 million in fiscal 2017 as compared to a source of cash of $40.7 million in fiscal 2016, primarily driven by increased inventory purchases. accounts payable were a source of cash of $8.4 million in fiscal 2017 as compared to a use of cash in fiscal 2016 of $48.4 million, primarily driven by timing of inventory payments and other expenses. other assets were a source of cash of $48.0 million in fiscal 2017 as compared to a use of cash of $6.3 million in fiscal 2016, primarily driven by lower prepaid assets when compared to prior year.
net cash provided by (used in) investing activities net cash provided by investing activities was $593.0 million in fiscal 2017 compared to a use of cash of $810.0 million in fiscal 2016. the $1.40 billion increase in net cash was primarily due to proceeds from the sale of the company's equity method investment in hudson yards of $680.6 million in fiscal 2017, the impact of net cash proceeds from maturities and sales of investments of $67.7 million in fiscal 2017, compared to net purchases of investments of $238.8 million in fiscal 2016. this increase is also due to the absence of an equity method investment in fiscal 2017 as compared to a $140.3 million investment in fiscal 2016. furthermore, in fiscal 2017, the company received proceeds from the sale of its prior headquarters of $126.0 million. the company spent $283.1 million on capital expenditures in fiscal 2017 as compared to $396.4 million in fiscal 2016.
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities net cash provided by financing activities was $369.5 million in fiscal 2017 as compared to a use of cash of $384.9 million in fiscal 2016. this net increase of $754.4 million was primarily due to the net proceeds of the issuance of senior notes in fiscal 2017 of $997.2 million, partially offset by the repayment of long-term debt of $285.0 million.
cash flows - fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015
fiscal year ended july 2,2016                  june 27,2015       change
(millions)
net cash provided by operating activities                          $758.6                      $937.4              $(178.8       )
net cash used in investing activities                              (810.0      )               (612.9      )       (197.1        )
net cash (used in) provided by financing activities                (384.9      )     389.3                         (774.2        )
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents   3.5                              (13.9      )   17.4
net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents               $(432.8     )               $699.9              $(1,132.7     )
the company's cash and cash equivalents decreased $432.8 million in fiscal 2016 compared to an increase of $699.9 million in fiscal 2015, as discussed below.
net cash provided by operating activities net cash provided by operating activities decreased $178.8 million primarily due to the year-over-year declines in cash sources from operating assets and liabilities (decrease of $131.7 million) and noncash charges (decrease of $105.2 million), partially offset by higher net income of $58.1 million.
the overall decline in changes in our operating asset and liability balances were primarily driven by changes in accounts payable, other liabilities, accrued liabilities, accounts receivable and other balance sheet changes. accounts payable were a use of cash of $48.4 million in fiscal 2016 as compared to a source of cash in fiscal 2015 of $64.4 million, driven by an overall decrease in inventory purchases (as well as timing of inventory payments), the timing of transformation-related payments and a decrease in payables due to timing of payments. other liabilities were a source of cash of $49.5 million in fiscal 2016 compared to a use of cash of $5.9 million in fiscal 2015, primarily driven by additional store-related liabilities, largely due to the execution of two new store leases in the third quarter of fiscal 2016 on fifth avenue in new york city and regent street in london. accrued liabilities was a source of cash of $30.1 million in fiscal 2016 as compared to a source of cash of $63.2 million in fiscal 2015. this decrease is primarily driven by higher bonus payments in the first quarter of fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015, partially offset by an increase in accrued duties. accounts receivable was a use of cash of $28.3 million in fiscal 2016 compared to a source of cash of $0.3 million in fiscal 2015, primarily driven by increased wholesale shipments for coach brand and an increase in credit card receivables in fiscal 2016 as compared to fiscal 2015 driven by the timing of sales in the last week of fiscal 2016. other
45
balance sheet changes, net, were a use of cash of $6.3 million in fiscal 2016 as compared to a source of cash of $17.8 million in fiscal 2015, primarily due to increased store-related related receivables during fiscal 2016 as compared to fiscal 2015 as a result of select new store openings, including our fifth avenue and regent street stores, described above.
net cash used in investing activities net cash used in investing activities was $810.0 million in fiscal 2016 compared to a use of cash of $612.9 million in fiscal 2015. the increase in net cash used of $197.1 million was primarily due to the impact of net cash used for purchase of investments of $238.8 million in fiscal 2016, compared to net proceeds from investments of $255.6 million in fiscal 2015, as well as increased capital expenditures in fiscal 2016, partially offset by a $494.0 million decrease in cash used for acquisitions, primarily related to the stuart weitzman acquisition that occurred in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015.
net cash (used in) provided by financing activities net cash used in financing activities was $384.9 million in fiscal 2016 as compared to a source of cash of $389.3 million in fiscal 2015. this increase in cash used of $774.2 million was primarily due to the absence of proceeds in fiscal 2016 from the issuance of long-term debt in fiscal 2015. in fiscal 2015, the company had proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt of $896.7 million, partially offset by net repayments of $140.0 million under the company's amended and restated credit agreement.
working capital and capital expenditures as of july 1, 2017, in addition to our cash flows from operations, our sources of liquidity and capital resources were comprised of the following:
sources of liquidity       outstanding indebtedness                  total available liquidity(1)
(millions)
cash and cash equivalents(2)             $2,672.9                $-                                                $2,672.9
short-term investments(2)                   410.7                -                                                    410.7
non-current investments                      75.1                -                                                     75.1
revolving credit facility(1)(3)             900.0                -                                                    900.0
term loans(1)                             1,100.0                -                                                  1,100.0
3.000% senior notes due 2022(4)             400.0                              400.0                                      -
4.250% senior notes due 2025(4)             600.0                              600.0                                      -
4.125% senior notes due 2027(4)             600.0                              600.0                                      -
total                                    $6,758.7                $1,600.0                                          $5,158.7
(1)   on may 30, 2017, the company entered into a definitive credit agreement whereby bank of america, n.a., as administrative agent, the other agents party thereto, and a syndicate of banks and financial institutions have (i) committed to lend to the company, subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in the agreement, an $800.0 million term loan facility maturing six months after the term loans thereunder are borrowed (the "six-month term loan facility"), and a $300.0 million term loan facility maturing three years after the term loans thereunder are borrowed (collectively with the six-month term loan facility, the "term loan facilities") and (ii) made available to the company a $900.0 million revolving credit facility, including sub-facilities for letters of credit, with a maturity date of may 30, 2022 (the "revolving credit facility" and collectively with the term loan facilities, the "facility"). subsequent to fiscal 2017 year end, in connection with the acquisition of kate spade, the company borrowed $800.0 million under the six-month term loan credit facility and $300.0 million under the three-year term loan credit facility for a total of $1.1 billion. refer to note 20, "subsequent events" for further information.
(2)   as of july 1, 2017, approximately 39% of our cash and short-term investments were held outside the u.s. in jurisdictions where we intend to permanently reinvest our undistributed earnings to support our continued growth. we are not dependent on foreign cash to fund our domestic operations. if we choose to repatriate any funds to the u.s. in the future, we would be subject to applicable u.s. and foreign taxes.
(3)   on may 30, 2017, the revolving credit facility replaced the company's previously existing revolving credit facility agreement under the amendment and restatement agreement, dated as of march 18, 2015, by and between the company, certain lenders and jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., as administrative agent. borrowings under the facility bear interest at a rate per annum equal to, at the borrowers' option, either (a) an alternate base rate (which is a rate equal to the greatest of (i) the prime rate in effect on such day, (ii) the federal funds effective rate in effect on such day plus 1⁄2 of 1% or (iii) the adjusted libo rate for a one month interest period on such day plus 1%) or (b) a rate based on the rates applicable for deposits in the interbank
46
market for u.s. dollars or the applicable currency in which the loans are made plus, in each case, an applicable margin. the applicable margin will be determined by reference to a grid, defined in the credit agreement, based on the ratio of (a) consolidated debt plus 600% of consolidated lease expense to (b) consolidated ebitdar. additionally, the company pays a commitment fee at a rate determined by the reference to the aforementioned pricing grid. the company had no outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility at fiscal year end. refer to note 10, "debt" for further information on our existing debt instruments.
(4)   in march 2015, the company issued $600.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.250% senior unsecured notes due april 1, 2025 at 99.445% of par (the "2025 senior notes"). furthermore, on june 20, 2017, the company issued $400.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.000% senior unsecured notes due july 15, 2022 at 99.505% of par (the "2022 senior notes"), and $600.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.125% senior unsecured notes due april 15, 2027 at 99.858% of par (the "2027 senior notes"). furthermore, the indentures for the 2025 senior notes, 2022 senior notes and 2027 senior notes contain certain covenants limiting the company's ability to: (i) create certain liens, (ii) enter into certain sale and leaseback transactions and (iii) merge, or consolidate or transfer, sell or lease all or substantially all of the company's assets. as of july 1, 2017, no known events of default have occurred. refer to note 10, "debt" for further information on our existing debt instruments.
we believe that our revolving credit facility and term loans are adequately diversified with no undue concentrations in any one financial institution. as of july 1, 2017, there were 13 financial institutions participating in the revolving credit facility and term loans, with no one participant maintaining a combined maximum commitment percentage in excess of 13%. we have no reason to believe at this time that the participating institutions will be unable to fulfill their obligations to provide financing in accordance with the terms of the facility in the event we elect to draw funds in the foreseeable future.
we have the ability to draw on our credit facilities or access other sources of financing options available to us in the credit and capital markets for, among other things, our restructuring initiatives, acquisition or integration-related costs, settlement of a material contingency, or a material adverse business or macroeconomic development, as well as for other general corporate business purposes.
management believes that cash flows from operations, access to the credit and capital markets and our credit lines, on-hand cash and cash equivalents and our investments will provide adequate funds to support our operating, capital, and debt service requirements for the foreseeable future, our plans for acquisitions, further business expansion and restructuring-related initiatives. we expect total capital expenditures to be in the area of $325 million in fiscal 2018. future events, such as acquisitions or joint ventures, and other similar transactions may require additional capital. there can be no assurance that any such capital will be available to the company on acceptable terms or at all. our ability to fund working capital needs, planned capital expenditures, dividend payments and scheduled debt payments, as well as to comply with all of the financial covenants under our debt agreements, depends on future operating performance and cash flow, which in turn are subject to prevailing economic conditions and to financial, business and other factors, some of which are beyond the company's control.
kate spade acquisition on july 11, 2017, the company completed its acquisition of kate spade & company for $18.50 per share in cash for a total of approximately $2.4 billion. as a result, kate spade has become a wholly owned subsidiary of coach, inc. the combination of coach, inc. and kate spade & company creates a leading luxury lifestyle company with a more diverse multi-brand portfolio supported by significant expertise in handbag design, merchandising, supply chain and retail operations as well as solid financial acumen.
stuart weitzman acquisition on may 4, 2015, pursuant to the terms of the purchase agreement dated january 5, 2015, the company acquired all of the equity interests of stuart weitzman intermediate llc, a luxury footwear company and the parent of stuart weitzman holdings, llc, from topco for an aggregate payment of approximately $531.1 million in cash, subject to a potential earnout of up to $44.1 million of cash based on achievement of certain revenue targets. the company does not expect to achieve these revenue targets. as of july 1, 2017, the company recorded a reversal of $35.2 million as there is no payout expected.
seasonality the company's results are typically affected by seasonal trends. during the first fiscal quarter, we build inventory for the holiday selling season. in the second fiscal quarter, working capital requirements are reduced substantially as we generate higher net sales and operating income, especially during the holiday months of november and december.
fluctuations in net sales, operating income and operating cash flows of the company in any fiscal quarter may be affected by the timing of wholesale shipments and other events affecting retail sales, including adverse weather conditions or other macroeconomic events.
47
contractual and other obligations firm commitments as of july 1, 2017, the company's contractual obligations are as follows:
total            fiscal2018           fiscal2019 - 2020           fiscal2021 - 2022       fiscal 2023and beyond
(millions)
capital expenditure commitments             $78.0               $47.7                     $22.7                        $7.6               $-
inventory purchase obligations              167.5               167.5                         -                           -               -
operating leases                          2,458.7               295.4                     512.4                       400.0               1,250.9
debt repayment                            1,600.0                   -                         -                       400.0               1,200.0
interest on outstanding debt                514.0                46.4                     124.5                       124.5           218.6
other                                         6.0                 2.6                       3.4                           -               -
total                                    $4,824.2              $559.6                    $663.0                      $932.1               $2,669.5
excluded from the above contractual obligations table is the non-current liability for unrecognized tax benefits of $118.2 million as of july 1, 2017, as we cannot make a reliable estimate of the period in which the liability will be settled, if ever. the above table also excludes amounts included in current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet at july 1, 2017 as these items will be paid within one year, certain long-term liabilities not requiring cash payments and cash contributions for the company's pension plan.
on may 7, 2017, the company entered into an agreement and plan of merger (the "merger agreement") with kate spade & company and chelsea merger sub inc., a delaware corporation and direct wholly owned subsidiary of coach (the "merger sub"). pursuant to the merger agreement, on may 26, 2017, merger sub commenced an all-cash tender offer to acquire all of kate spade's outstanding shares of common stock, par value $1.00 per share, at a purchase price of $18.50 per share. the company completed its acquisition on july 11, 2017. the purchase price was approximately $2.4 billion, which was funded by a combination of senior notes, term loan facilities and cash on hand. the purchase price and term loan facilities are excluded from the above table, as they occurred subsequent to july 1, 2017. refer to the working capital and capital expenditures table above for more information on the term loan facilities and senior notes.
the company currently estimates that it will incur costs in the range of $150 - $200 million related to kate spade integration in fiscal 2018, which include severance, store closure costs and inventory realignment. the company continues to fully develop its integration plan. of these costs, the company expects to incur approximately $60 million of severance and other costs related to agreements with certain kate spade executives. this amount is excluded from the above table, as these contractual obligations were created subsequent to july 1, 2017.
the company also expects to incur costs of approximately $45 million of acquisition-related expenses, which is excluded from the above table, as these contractual obligations were created subsequent to july 1, 2017.
refer to note 7, "acquisitions" and note 20, "subsequent events" for further information.
off-balance sheet arrangements in addition to the commitments included in the table above, we have outstanding letters of credit and bank guarantees of $9.0 million as of july 1, 2017, primarily serving to collateralize our obligation to third parties for insurance claims, leases and material used in product manufacturing. these letters of credit expire at various dates through 2039.
we do not maintain any other off-balance sheet arrangements, transactions, obligations, or other relationships with unconsolidated entities that would be expected to have a material current or future effect on our consolidated financial statements. refer to note 11, "commitments and contingencies," to the accompanying audited consolidated financial statements for further information.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows as well as the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the company's financial statements. actual results could differ from estimates in amounts that may be material to the financial statements. predicting future events is inherently an imprecise activity and, as such, requires the use of judgment. actual results could differ from estimates in amounts that may
48
be material to the financial statements. the development and selection of the company's critical accounting policies and estimates are periodically reviewed with the audit committee of the board.
the accounting policies discussed below are considered critical because changes to certain judgments and assumptions inherent in these policies could affect the financial statements. for more information on the company's accounting policies, please refer to the notes to consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition revenue is recognized by the company when there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement, delivery has occurred (and risks and rewards of ownership have been transferred to the buyer), price has been fixed or is determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured.
retail store and concession-based shop-in-shop revenues are recognized at the point of sale, which occurs when merchandise is sold in an over-the-counter consumer transaction. internet revenue from sales of products ordered through the company's e-commerce sites is recognized upon delivery and receipt of the shipment by its customers and includes shipping and handling charges paid by customers. retail and internet revenues are also reduced by an estimate for returns at the time of sale.
wholesale revenue is recognized at the time title passes and risk of loss is transferred to customers. wholesale revenue is recorded net of estimates of markdown allowances, returns and discounts. estimates for markdown reserves are based on historical trends, actual and forecasted seasonal results, an evaluation of current economic and market conditions, retailer performance, and, in certain cases, contractual terms. returns and allowances require pre-approval from management and discounts are based on trade terms. the company reviews and refines these estimates on a quarterly basis. the company's historical estimates of these costs have not differed materially from actual results.
at july 1, 2017, a 10% change in the allowances for estimated uncollectible accounts, markdowns and returns would not have resulted in a material change in the company's reserves and net sales.
inventories substantially all of the company's inventories are comprised of finished goods, and are reported at the lower of cost or market. inventory costs include material, conversion costs, freight and duties and are primarily determined by the first-in, first-out method. the company reserves for inventory, including slow-moving and aged inventory, based on current product demand, expected future demand and historical experience. a decrease in product demand due to changing customer tastes, buying patterns or increased competition could impact the company's evaluation of its inventory and additional reserves might be required. estimates may differ from actual results due to the quantity, quality and mix of products in inventory, consumer and retailer preferences and market conditions. at july 1, 2017, a 10% change in the inventory reserve, would not have resulted in material change in inventory and cost of sales.
business combinations in connection with an acquisition, the company records all assets acquired and liabilities assumed of the acquired business at their acquisition date fair value, including the recognition of contingent consideration at fair value on the acquisition date. these fair value determinations require judgment and may involve the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including assumptions with respect to future cash inflows and outflows, discount rates, asset lives, and market multiples, among other items. we may utilize independent third-party valuation firms to assist in making these fair value determinations. refer to note 7, "acquisitions," for detailed disclosures related to our acquisitions.
goodwill and other intangible assets goodwill and certain other intangible assets deemed to have indefinite useful lives, including trademarks and trade names, are not amortized, but are assessed for impairment at least annually. finite-lived intangible assets are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives and, and along with other long-lived assets as noted above, are evaluated for impairment periodically whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their related carrying values may not be fully recoverable. estimates of fair value for finite-lived and indefinite-lived intangible assets are primarily determined using discounted cash flows and the relief from royalty method, respectively, with consideration of market comparisons and recent transactions. this approach uses significant estimates and assumptions, including projected future cash flows, discount rates, royalty rates and growth rates.
the company generally performs its annual goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets impairment analysis using a quantitative approach. the quantitative goodwill impairment test identifies the existence of potential impairment by comparing the fair value of each reporting unit with its carrying value, including goodwill. if the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, the reporting unit's goodwill is considered not to be impaired. if the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment charge is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. the impairment charge recognized is limited to the amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit.
49
determination of the fair value of a reporting unit and intangible asset is based on management's assessment, considering independent third-party appraisals when necessary. furthermore, this determination is judgmental in nature and often involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions, which may include projected future cash flows, discount rates, royalty rates, growth rates, and determination of appropriate market comparables and recent transactions. these estimates and assumptions could have a significant impact on whether or not an impairment charge is recognized and the amount of any such charge.
the company performs its annual impairment assessment of goodwill, including trademarks and trade names, during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year. the company determined that there was no impairment in fiscal 2017, fiscal 2016 or fiscal 2015 as the fair values of our coach brand reporting units significantly exceeded their respective carrying values. furthermore, given the recency of our stuart weitzman acquisition, the fair values of the stuart weitzman brand reporting unit and indefinite-lived trademarks and trade names exceeded their respective carrying values of $267.0 million and $156.0 million respectively, by approximately 20%. several factors could impact the stuart weitzman brand's ability to achieve future cash flows, including the optimization of the store fleet productivity, the impact of promotional activity in department stores, the consolidation or take-back of certain distributor relationships, the simplification of certain corporate overhead structures and other initiatives aimed at expanding higher performing categories of the business. given the relatively small excess of fair value over carrying value as noted above, if profitability trends decline during fiscal 2018 from those that are expected, it is possible that an interim test, or our annual impairment test, could result in an impairment of these assets.
valuation of long-lived assets long-lived assets, such as property and equipment, are evaluated for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. in evaluating long-lived assets for recoverability, the company uses its best estimate of future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. to the extent that estimated future undiscounted net cash flows attributable to the asset are less than its carrying value, an impairment loss is recognized equal to the difference between the carrying value of such asset and its fair value, considering external market participant assumptions.
in determining future cash flows, the company takes various factors into account, including the effects of macroeconomic trends such as consumer spending, in-store capital investments, promotional cadence, the level of advertising and changes in merchandising strategy. since the determination of future cash flows is an estimate of future performance, there may be future impairments in the event that future cash flows do not meet expectations.
share-based compensation the company recognizes the cost of equity awards to employees and the non-employee directors based on the grant-date fair value of those awards. the grant-date fair values of share unit awards are based on the fair value of the company's common stock on the date of grant. the grant-date fair value of stock option awards is determined using the black-scholes option pricing model and involves several assumptions, including the expected term of the option, expected volatility and dividend yield. the expected term of options represents the period of time that the options granted are expected to be outstanding and is based on historical experience. expected volatility is based on historical volatility of the company's stock as well as the implied volatility from publicly traded options on the company's stock. dividend yield is based on the current expected annual dividend per share and the company's stock price. changes in the assumptions used to determine the black-scholes value could result in significant changes in the black-scholes value.
for stock options and share unit awards, the company recognizes share-based compensation net of estimated forfeitures and revises the estimates in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from the estimates. we estimate the forfeiture rate based on historical experience as well as expected future behavior.
the company grants performance-based share awards to certain key executives, the vesting of which is subject to the executive's continuing employment and the company's achievement of certain performance goals. on a quarterly basis, the company assesses actual performance versus the predetermined performance goals, and adjusts the share-based compensation expense to reflect the relative performance achievement. actual distributed shares are calculated upon conclusion of the service and performance periods, and include dividend equivalent shares. if the performance-based award incorporates a market condition, the grant-date fair value of such award is determined using a pricing model, such as a monte carlo simulation.
a hypothetical 10% change in our stock-based compensation expense would not have a material impact to our fiscal 2017 net income.
income taxes the company's effective tax rate is based on pre-tax income, statutory tax rates, tax laws and regulations, and tax planning strategies available in the various jurisdictions in which the company operates. the company classifies interest and penalties on uncertain tax positions in the provision for income taxes. we record net deferred tax assets to the extent we believe that it is more likely than not that these assets will be realized. in making such determination, we consider all available evidence, including
50
scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies and recent and expected future results of operation. we reduce our deferred tax assets by a valuation allowance if, based upon the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some amount of deferred tax assets is not expected to be realized. deferred taxes are not provided on the undistributed earnings of subsidiaries as such amounts are considered to be permanently invested.
the company recognizes the impact of tax positions in the financial statements if those positions will more likely than not be sustained on audit, based on the technical merits of the position. although we believe that the estimates and assumptions we use are reasonable and legally supportable, the final determination of tax audits could be different than that which is reflected in historical tax provisions and recorded assets and liabilities. tax authorities periodically audit the company's income tax returns, and in specific cases, the tax authorities may take a contrary position that could result in a significant impact on our results of operations. significant management judgment is required in determining the effective tax rate, in evaluating our tax positions and in determining the net realizable value of deferred tax assets.
recent accounting pronouncements see note 2, "significant accounting policies," to the accompanying audited consolidated financial statements for a description of certain recently adopted, issued or proposed accounting standards which may impact our consolidated financial statements in future reporting periods.
51
