risk factors, in addition to the information presented elsewhere in this report, particularly in " our business - who we are ", " our business - what we do ", " our business - natural resources and environmental matters ", " forward-looking statements " and " management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations " as well as in the filings we make from time to time with the sec, in evaluating us, our business and an investment in our securities.
the risks discussed below are not the only risks we face. additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may adversely affect our business.
risks related to our industry macroeconomic conditions the industries in which we operate are sensitive to macroeconomic conditions and consequently are highly cyclical.
the overall levels of demand for the products we manufacture and distribute reflect fluctuations in levels of end-
user demand, which consequently impact our sales and profitability. end-user demand depends in large part on general macroeconomic conditions, both in the u.s. and globally, as well as on local economic conditions. current economic conditions in the united states reflect growth at or below historical trends. global economic conditions reflect issues such as inflation and volatile and sporadic growth in emerging countries. the length and magnitude of industry cycles vary over time, both by market and by product, but generally reflect changes in macroeconomic conditions and levels of industry capacity. any decline or stagnation in macroeconomic conditions could cause us to experience lower sales volume and reduced margins.
commodity products many of our products are commodities that are widely available from other producers.
because commodity products have few distinguishing properties from producer to producer, competition for these products is based primarily on price, which is determined by supply relative to demand and competition from substitute products. in addition, prices for our products are affected by many other factors outside of our control. as a result, we have little influence over the timing and extent of price changes, which often are volatile. our profitability with respect to these products depends, in part, on managing our costs, particularly raw material, labor (including contract labor) and energy costs, which represent significant components of our operating costs and can fluctuate based upon factors beyond our control. both sales and profitability of our products are subject to volatility due to market forces beyond our control.
industry supply of logs and wood products excess supply of logs and wood products may adversely affect prices and margins.
our industry may increase harvest levels, which could lead to an oversupply of logs. wood products producers may likewise expand manufacturing capacity, which could lead to an oversupply of manufactured wood products. any increase of industry supply to our markets could adversely affect our prices and margins.
homebuilding market and economic risks high unemployment, low demand and low levels of consumer confidence can adversely affect our business and results of operations.
our business is dependent upon the health of the u.s. housing market. demand for homes is sensitive to changes in economic conditions such as the level of employment, consumer confidence, consumer income, the availability of financing and interest rate levels. other factors that could limit or adversely affect demand for new homes, and hence demand for our products, include factors such as limited wage growth, increases in non-mortgage consumer debt, any weakening in consumer confidence, and any increase in foreclosure rates and distress sales of houses.
homebuyers' ability to qualify for and obtain affordable mortgages could be affected by changes in interest rates, changes in home loan underwriting standards and government sponsored entities and private mortgage insurance companies supporting the mortgage market.
access to affordable mortgage financing is critical to the health of the u.s. housing market. generally, increases in interest rates make it more difficult for home buyers to obtain mortgage financing, which could negatively affect demand for housing and, in turn, negatively affect demand for our wood products. after an extended period during which the u.s. federal reserve kept its benchmark interest rate at historically low levels, it began raising rates again in 2016 and 2017. the number and extent of further rate increases is uncertain.
credit requirements were severely tightened, and the number of mortgage loans available for financing home purchases were severely reduced, during the most recent recession and ensuing credit crisis. although the availability of credit has improved since that time, the demand for new homes could be limited or adversely affected if credit requirements were to again tighten or become more restrictive for any reason.
the liquidity provided to the mortgage industry by fannie mae and freddie mac, both of which purchase home mortgages and mortgage-backed securities originated by mortgage lenders, has been critical to the housing market.
any political or other developments that would have the effect of limiting or restricting the availability of financing by these government sponsored entities could also adversely affect interest rates and the availability of mortgage financing. whether resulting from direct increases in borrowing rates, tightened underwriting standards on mortgage loans or reduced federal support of the mortgage lending industry, a challenging mortgage financing environment could reduce demand for housing and, therefore, adversely affect demand for our products.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
25
table of contents changes in regulations relating to tax deductions for mortgage interest expense and real estate taxes could harm our future sales and earnings.
significant costs of homeownership include mortgage interest expense and real estate taxes, both of which are generally deductible for an individual ' s federal and, in some cases, state income taxes. recent federal legislation reduced the amount of mortgage interest and real estate taxes that certain taxpayers may deduct. these and any similar changes to income tax laws by the federal government or by a state government to eliminate or substantially reduce these income tax deductions, or any increase in real property taxes by local governments, may increase the cost of homeownership and thus could adversely affect the demand for our products.
transportation we depend on third parties for transportation services and increases in costs and disruptions in the availability of transportation could materially adversely affect our business and operations.
our business depends heavily on the availability of third-party transportation service providers for the transportation of our manufactured wood products and wood fiber; we are therefore materially affected by the availability and cost of these services. any significant increase in the operating costs to our service providers, including without limitation the cost of fuel or labor, could have a material negative impact on our financial results by increasing the cost of these services to us, as well as result in an overall reduction in the availability of these services altogether.
our third-party transportation providers are also subject to several events outside of their control, such as disruption of transportation infrastructure, labor issues and natural disasters. any failure of a third-party transportation provider to timely deliver our products, including delivery of our wood products to our customer and delivery of wood fiber to our mills, could harm our supply chain, negatively affect our customer relationships and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our reputation.
risks related to our business managing commercial timberlands risks our ability to harvest and deliver timber may be subject to limitations which could adversely affect our results of operations.
our primary assets are our timberlands. weather conditions, timber growth cycles, access limitations, and availability of contract loggers and haulers may adversely affect our ability to harvest our timberlands. other factors that may adversely affect our timber harvest include damage to our standing timber by fire or by insect infestation, disease, prolonged drought, flooding, severe weather and other natural disasters. changes in global climate conditions could intensify one or more of these factors. although damage from such causes usually is localized and affects only a limited percentage of standing timber, there can be no assurance that any damage affecting our timberlands will in fact be limited. as is common in the forest products industry, we do not maintain insurance coverage for damage to our timberlands. our revenues, net income and cash flow from operations are dependent to a significant extent on the pricing of our products and our continued ability to harvest timber at adequate levels. therefore, if we were to be restricted from harvesting on a significant portion of our timberlands for a prolonged period of time, or if material damage to a significant portion of our standing timber were to occur, we could suffer a materially adverse impact to our results of operations.
our timber harvest levels may be affected by acquisitions of additional timberlands, sales of existing timberlands and shifts in harvest from one region to another. future timber harvest levels may also be affected by our ability to timely and effectively replant harvested areas, which depends on several factors including changes in estimates of long-term sustainable yield because of silvicultural advances, natural disasters, fires, pests, insects and other hazards, regulatory constraints and other factors beyond our control.
timber harvest activities are also subject to a number of federal, state and local regulations pertaining to the protection of fish, wildlife, water and other resources. regulations, re-interpretations and litigation can restrict timber harvest activities and increase costs. examples include federal and state laws protecting threatened, endangered and "at-risk" species, harvesting and forestry road building activities that may be restricted under the u.s. federal clean water act, state forestry practices laws, laws protecting aboriginal rights, and other similar regulations.
our estimates of timber inventories and growth rates may be inaccurate and include risks inherent in calculating such estimates, which may impair our ability to realize expected revenues.
whether in connection with managing our existing timberland portfolio or assessing potential timberland acquisitions, we make and rely on important estimates of merchantable timber inventories. these include estimates of timber inventories that may be lawfully and economically harvested, timber growth rates and end-product yields.
timber growth rates and yield estimates are developed by forest biometricians and other experts using statistical measurements of tree samples on given property. these estimates are central to forecasting our anticipated timber harvests, revenues and expected cash flows. while the company has confidence in its timber inventory processes and the professionals in the field who administer it, growth and yield estimates are inherently inexact and uncertain.
if these estimates are inaccurate, our ability to manage our timberlands in a sustainable or profitable manner may be compromised, which may cause our results of operations and our stock price to be adversely affected.
our operating results and cash flows will be materially affected by supply and demand for timber.
a variety of factors affect prices for timber, including available supply, changes in economic conditions that impact demand, the level of domestic new construction and remodeling activity, interest rates, credit availability, population growth, weather conditions and pest infestation, and other factors. these factors vary by region, by timber type (i.e., sawlogs or pulpwood logs) and by species.
timber prices are affected by changes in demand on a local, national and international level. the closure of a mill in a region where we own timber could have a material adverse effect on demand in that region, and therefore pricing. for example, as the demand for paper continues to decline, closures of pulp mills in some of our operating regions have adversely affected the regional demand for pulpwood and wood chips. another example involves our export of logs to asia. while recent demand from asian markets has remained steady, some asian markets, particularly in china, have a history of significant volatility. a decrease in demand for logs from one or more asian markets could have a negative impact on log and lumber prices.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
26
table of contents timber prices are also affected by changes in timber availability at the local, national and international level.
our timberland ownership is concentrated in alabama, arkansas, louisiana, mississippi, north carolina, oklahoma, oregon and washington. in some of these states, much of the timberland is privately owned. increases in timber prices often result in substantial increases in harvesting on private timberlands, including lands not previously made available for commercial timber operations, causing a short-term increase in supply that moderates such price increases. in western states such as oregon and washington, where a greater proportion of timberland is government-
owned, any substantial increase in timber harvesting from government-owned land could significantly reduce timber prices. any decrease in the demand from our log export markets could also result in significant downward pressure on timber prices, particularly in the western region. on a local level, timber supplies can fluctuate depending on factors such as changes in weather conditions and harvest strategies of local timberland owners, as well as occasionally high timber salvage efforts due to events such as pest infestations, fires or other natural disasters.
timberlands make up a significant portion of our business portfolio.
our real property holdings are primarily timberlands and we may make additional timberlands acquisitions in the future. as the owner and manager of approximately 12.4 million acres of timberlands, we are subject to the risks that are inherent in concentrated real estate investments. a downturn in the real estate industry generally, or the timber or forest products industries specifically, could reduce the value of our properties and adversely affect our results of operations. such a downturn could also adversely affect our customers and reduce the demand for our products, as well as our ability to realize upon our strategy of selling nonstrategic timberlands and timberland properties that have higher and better uses at attractive prices. these risks may be more pronounced than if we diversified our investments outside of real property holdings.
manufacturing and selling wood products risks a material disruption at one of our manufacturing facilities could prevent us from meeting customer demand, reduce our sales or negatively affect our results of operation and financial condition.
any of our manufacturing facilities, or any of our machines within an otherwise operational facility, could cease operations unexpectedly due to a number of events, including:
•  unscheduled maintenance outages;
•  prolonged power failures;
•  equipment failure;
•  a chemical spill or release;
•  explosion of a boiler;
•  fires, floods, windstorms, earthquakes, hurricanes or other severe weather conditions or catastrophes, affecting the production of goods or the supply of raw materials (including fiber);
•  the effect of drought or reduced rainfall on water supply;
•  labor difficulties;
•  disruptions in transportation infrastructure, including roads, bridges, rail, tunnels, shipping and port facilities;
•  terrorism or threats of terrorism;
•  governmental regulations; and
•  other operational problems.
any such downtime or facility damage could prevent us from meeting customer demand for our products or require us to make unplanned capital expenditures. if one of our facilities or machines were to incur significant downtime, our ability to meet our production targets and satisfy customer requirements could be impaired, resulting in lower sales and income. although some risks are not insurable and some coverage is limited, we purchase insurance protecting our manufacturing facilities from fires, floods, windstorms, earthquakes, equipment failures and boiler explosions.
some of our products are vulnerable to declines in demand due to competing technologies or materials.
our products may compete with non-fiber based alternatives or with alternative products in certain market segments.
for example, plastic, wood/plastic or composite materials may be used by builders as alternatives to the products produced by our wood products businesses such as lumber, veneer, plywood and oriented strand board. changes in prices for oil, chemicals and wood-based fiber can change the competitive position of our products relative to available alternatives and could increase substitution of those products for our products. if use of these alternative products grows, demand for and pricing of our products could be adversely affected.
our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected by changes in product mix or pricing.
our results may be materially adversely affected by a change in our product mix or pricing. if we are not successful in implementing previously announced or future price increases, or in our plans to increase sales of higher-priced, higher-value products, or if there are delays in acceptance of price increases or if customers do not accept higher-priced products, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. price discounting, if required to maintain our competitive position in one or more markets, could result in lower than anticipated price realizations and margins.
we face intense competition in our markets; any failure to compete effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we compete with north american producers and, for some of our product lines, global producers, some of which may have greater financial resources and lower production costs than do we. the principal basis for competition for many of our products is selling price. our ability to maintain satisfactory margins depends in large part on our ability to control our costs. our industries also are particularly sensitive to other factors including innovation, design, quality and service, with varying emphasis on these factors depending on the product line. to the extent that one or more of our competitors become more successful with respect to any key competitive factor, our ability to attract and retain customers could be materially adversely affected. any failure to compete effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
27
table of contents another emerging form of competition is between brands of sustainably produced products; customer demand for certain brands could reduce competition among buyers for our products or cause other adverse effects.
in north america, our forests are third party-certified to the sustainable forestry initiative (sfi ® ) standard.
some of our customers have expressed a preference in certain of our product lines for products made from raw materials sourced from forests certified to different standards, including standards of the forest stewardship council (fsc). if and to the extent that preference for a standard other than sfi ® becomes a customer requirement, there may be reduced demand and lower prices for our products relative to competitors who can supply products sourced from forests certified to competing certification standards. if we seek to comply with such other standards, we could incur materially increased costs for our operations or be required to modify our operations, such as reducing harvest levels. fsc, in particular, employs standards that are geographically variable and could cause a material reduction in the harvest levels of some of our timberlands, most notably in the pacific northwest.
our business and operations could be materially adversely affected by changes in the cost or availability of raw materials and energy.
we rely heavily on certain raw materials (principally wood fiber and chemicals) and energy sources (principally natural gas, electricity and fuel oil) in our manufacturing processes. our ability to increase earnings has been, and will continue to be, affected by changes in the costs and availability of such raw materials and energy sources. we may not be able to fully offset the effects of higher raw material or energy costs through price increases, productivity improvements, cost-reduction programs or hedging arrangements.
risks related to capital markets capital markets deterioration in economic conditions and capital markets could adversely affect our access to capital.
challenging market conditions could impair the company ' s ability to raise debt or equity capital or otherwise access capital markets on terms acceptable to us, which may, among other impacts, reduce our ability to take advantage of growth and expansion opportunities. likewise, our customers and suppliers may be unable to raise capital to fund their operations, which could, in turn, adversely affect their ability to purchase products or sell products to us.
credit ratings changes in credit ratings issued by nationally recognized rating organizations could adversely affect our cost of financing and have an adverse effect on the market price of our securities.
credit rating agencies rate our debt securities on factors that include our operating results and balance sheet, actions that we take, their view of the general outlook for our industry and their view of the general outlook for the economy. ratings decisions by these agencies include maintaining, upgrading or downgrading our current rating, as well as placing the company on a "watch list" for possible future ratings actions. any downgrade of our credit rating, or decision by a rating agency to place us on a "watch list" for possible future downgrading could have an adverse impact on our ability to access credit markets, increase our cost of financing, and have an adverse effect on the market price of our securities.
capital requirements and access to capital our operations require substantial capital.
our businesses require substantial capital for expansion and for repair or replacement of existing facilities or equipment. although we maintain our production equipment with regular scheduled maintenance, key pieces of equipment may need to be repaired or replaced periodically. the costs of repairing or replacing such equipment and the associated downtime of the affected production line could have a significant impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
while we believe our capital resources will be adequate to meet our current projected operating needs, capital expenditures and other cash requirements, if for any reason we are unable to provide for our operating needs, capital expenditures and other cash requirements on acceptable economic terms, we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
foreign currency we will be affected by changes in currency exchange rates.
we have manufacturing operations in canada. we are also an exporter and compete with global producers of products very similar to ours. therefore, we are affected by changes in the strength of the u.s. dollar, particularly relative to the canadian dollar, euro and yen, and the strength of the euro relative to the yen. changes in exchange rates could materially and adversely affect our sales volume, margins and results of operations.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
28
table of contents risks related to legal, regulatory and tax environmental laws and regulations we could incur substantial costs as a result of compliance with, violations of, or liabilities under applicable environmental laws and other laws and regulations.
we are subject to a wide range of general and industry-specific laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, including those governing:
•  air emissions,
•  wastewater discharges,
•  harvesting and other silvicultural activities,
•  forestry operations and endangered species habitat protection,
•  surface water management,
•  the storage, management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes,
•  the cleanup of contaminated sites,
•  landfill operation and closure obligations,
•  building codes, and
•  health and safety matters.
we have incurred, and we expect to continue to incur, significant capital, operating and other expenditures complying with applicable environmental laws and regulations and as a result of remedial obligations. we also could incur substantial costs, such as civil or criminal fines, sanctions and enforcement actions (including orders limiting our operations or requiring corrective measures, installation of pollution control equipment or other remedial actions), cleanup and closure costs, and third-party claims for property damage and personal injury as a result of violations of, or liabilities under, environmental laws and regulations.
as the owner and operator of real estate, we may be liable under environmental laws for cleanup, closure and other damages resulting from the presence and release of hazardous substances on or from our properties or operations. in addition, surface water management regulations may present liabilities and are subject to change. the amount and timing of environmental expenditures is difficult to predict, and in some cases, our liability may exceed forecasted amounts or the value of the property itself. the discovery of additional contamination or the imposition of additional cleanup obligations at our sites or third-party sites may result in significant additional costs.
we also lease some of our properties to third-party operators for the purpose of exploring, extracting, developing and producing oil, gas, rock and other minerals in exchange for fees and royalty payments. these activities are also subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations. these operations may create risk of environmental liabilities for any unlawful discharge of oil, gas or other chemicals into the air, soil or water. generally, these third-party operators indemnify us against any such liability, and we require that that they maintain liability insurance during the term of our lease with them. however, if for any reason our third-party operators are not able to honor their indemnity obligation, or if the required liability insurance were not in effect, then it is possible that we could be deemed responsible for costs associated with environmental liability caused by such third-party operators.
any material liability we incur as a result of activities conducted on our properties by us or by others with whom we have a business relationship could adversely affect our financial condition.
we also anticipate public policy developments at the state, federal and international level regarding climate change and energy access, security and competitiveness. we expect these developments to address emission of carbon dioxide, renewable energy and fuel standards, and the monetization of carbon. compliance with regulations that implement new public policy in these areas might require significant expenditures. these developments may also include mandated changes to energy use and building codes which could affect our homebuilding practices. enactment of new environmental laws or regulations or changes in existing laws or regulations, or the interpretation of these laws or regulations, might require significant expenditures. we also anticipate public policy developments at the state, federal and international level regarding taxes and a number of other areas that could require significant expenditures.
changes in global or regional climate conditions and governmental response to such changes at the international, u.s. federal and state levels may affect our operations or our planned or future growth activities.
there continue to be numerous international, u.s. federal and state-level initiatives and proposals to address domestic and global climate issues. within the u.s. and canada, some of these proposals would (and have in some canadian provinces) regulate and/or tax the production of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases to facilitate the reduction of carbon compound emissions into the atmosphere and provide tax and other incentives to produce and use cleaner energy. climate change impacts, if they occur, and governmental initiatives, laws and regulations to address potential climate concerns, could increase our costs and have a long-term adverse impact on our businesses and results of operations. future legislation or regulatory activity in this area remains uncertain, and its impact on our operations is unclear at this time. however, it is possible that legislation or government mandates, standards or regulations intended to mitigate or reduce carbon compound or greenhouse gas emissions or other climate change impacts could adversely affect our operations. for example, such activities could limit harvest levels or result in significantly higher costs for energy and other raw materials. because our manufacturing operations depend upon significant amounts of energy and raw materials, these initiatives could have an adverse impact on our results of operations and profitability.
legal matters we are involved in various environmental, regulatory, product liability and other legal matters, disputes and proceedings that, if determined or concluded in a manner adverse to our interests, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition.
we are, from time to time, involved in a number of legal matters, disputes and proceedings ("legal matters"), some of which involve on-going litigation. these include, without limitation, legal matters involving environmental clean-up and remediation, warranty and non-warranty product liability claims, regulatory issues, contractual and personal injury claims and other legal matters. in some cases, all or a portion of any loss we experience in connection with any such legal matters will be covered by insurance; in other cases, any such losses will not be covered.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
29
table of contents the outcome, costs and other effects of current legal matters in which we are involved, and any related insurance recoveries, cannot be determined with certainty. although the disclosures in note 14: legal proceedings, commitments and contingencies and note 20: income taxes of notes to consolidated financial statements contain management ' s current views of the effect such legal matters could have on our financial results, there can be no assurance that the outcome of such legal matters will be as currently expected. it is possible that there could be adverse judgments against us in some or all major litigation matters against us, and that we could be required to take a charge and make cash payments for all or a portion of any related awards of damages. any one or more of such charges or cash payment could materially and adversely affect our results of operations or cash flows for the quarter or year in which we record or pay it.
reit status and tax implications if we fail to remain qualified as a reit, our taxable income would be subject to tax at corporate rates and we would not be able to deduct dividends to shareholders.
in any taxable year in which we fail to qualify as a reit, unless we are entitled to relief under the internal revenue code:
•  we would not be allowed to deduct dividends to shareholders in computing our taxable income.
•  we would be subject to federal and state income tax on our taxable income at applicable corporate rates.
•  we also would be disqualified from treatment as a reit for the four taxable years following the year during which we lost qualification.
qualification as a reit involves the application of highly technical and complex provisions of the internal revenue code to our operations and the determination of various factual matters and circumstances not entirely within our control. there are only limited judicial or administrative interpretations of these provisions. although we operate in a manner consistent with the reit qualification rules, we cannot assure you that we are or will remain so qualified.
certain of our business activities are subject to corporate-level income tax and potentially subject to prohibited transactions tax.
under the internal revenue code, reits generally must engage in the ownership and management of income producing real estate. for the company, this generally includes owning and managing a timberland portfolio for the production and sale of standing timber. accordingly, the harvesting and sale of logs, the development or sale of certain timberlands and other real estate, and the manufacture and sale of wood products are conducted through one or more of our wholly-owned taxable reit subsidiaries (trss) because such activities could generate non-qualifying reit income and could constitute
"prohibited transactions." prohibited transactions are defined by the internal revenue code generally to be sales or other dispositions of property to customers in the ordinary course of a trade or business. by conducting our business in this manner, we believe that we satisfy the reit requirements of the internal revenue code and are not subject to the 100 percent tax that could be imposed if a reit were to conduct a prohibited transaction. the net income of our trss is subject to corporate-level income tax.
the extent of our use of our trss may affect the price of our common shares relative to the share price of other reits.
we conduct a significant portion of our business activities through one or more trss. the use of our trss enables us to engage in non-reit qualifying business activities such as the sale of logs, production and sale of wood products, and the development and sale of certain higher and better use (hbu) property. our trss are subject to corporate-level income tax. under the code, no more than 20 percent of the value of the gross assets of a reit may be represented by securities of one or more trss. this limitation may affect our ability to increase the size of our trss' operations. furthermore, our use of trss may cause the market to value our common shares differently than the shares of other reits, which may not use trss as extensively as we use them.
we may be limited in our ability to fund distributions using cash generated through our trss.
the ability of the reit to receive dividends from our trss is limited by the rules with which we must comply to maintain our status as a reit. in particular, at least 75 percent of gross income for each taxable year as a reit must be derived from real estate sources including sales of our standing timber and other types of qualifying real estate income and no more than 25 percent of our gross income may consist of dividends from our trss and other non-
real estate income.
this limitation on our ability to receive dividends from our trss may affect our ability to fund cash distributions to our shareholders using cash flows from our trss. the net income of our trss is not required to be distributed, and trs income that is not distributed to the reit will not be subject to the reit income distribution requirement.
our cash dividends are not guaranteed and may fluctuate.
generally, reits are required to distribute 90 percent of their ordinary taxable income and 95 percent of their net capital gains income. capital gains may be retained by the reit but would be subject to corporate income taxes. if capital gains are retained rather than distributed, our shareholders would be notified, and they would be deemed to have received a taxable distribution, with a refundable credit for any federal income tax paid by the reit.
accordingly, we believe that we are not required to distribute material amounts of cash since substantially all of our taxable income is treated as capital gains income. our board of directors, in its sole discretion, determines the amount of quarterly dividends to be provided to our shareholders based on consideration of a number of factors.
these factors include, but are not limited to, our results of operations, cash flow and capital requirements, economic conditions, tax considerations, borrowing capacity and other factors, including debt covenant restrictions that may impose limitations on cash payments, future acquisitions and divestitures, harvest levels, changes in the price and demand for our products and general market demand for timberlands including those timberland properties that have higher and better uses. consequently, our dividend levels may fluctuate.
changes in tax laws or their interpretation could adversely affect our shareholders and our results of operations.
federal and state tax laws are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process, the internal revenue service, the united states department of the treasury, and state taxing authorities. changes to tax laws could adversely affect our shareholders or increase our effective tax rates. we cannot predict with certainty whether, when, in what forms, or with what effective dates, the tax laws applicable to us or our shareholders may be changed.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
30
table of contents import/export taxes and duties we may be required to pay significant taxes on our exported products or countervailing and anti-dumping duties on our imported products.
we export logs and finished wood products to foreign markets, and our ability to do so profitably is affected by u.s. and foreign trade policy. international trade disputes occur frequently and can be taken to an international trade court for resolution of unfair trade practices between countries. for example, there have been many disputes and subsequent trade agreements regarding sales of softwood lumber between canada, historically a significant source of lumber for the u.s. market, and the united states. the softwood lumber agreement (sla) between canada and the u.s., originally signed in october 2006, expired in october 2015, and a new agreement has not been reached. the prior agreement imposed a sliding scale export tax on canadian lumber exported to the u.s. when the price of lumber was at or below a threshold price. in november 2016, a coalition of u.s. lumber producers filed petitions seeking countervailing and anti-dumping duties on canadian lumber. on the basis of the u.s. international trade commission's affirmative finding of injury to u.s. lumber producers, the u.s. department of commerce recently imposed final anti-dumping and countervailing duties at a combined rate of 20.23% on most canadian softwood lumber exporters.
for more information regarding the status of the softwood lumber agreement and any u.s. government regulatory action regarding imposition of countervailing and anti-dumping duties or other actions, and the effect of any such actions on our business, see the discussion in the management's discussion and analysis - softwood lumber agreement section of this report.
u.s. international trade policy could result in one or more of our foreign export market jurisdictions adopting responsive trade policy making it more difficult or costly for us to export our products to those countries. we could therefore experience reduced revenues and margins in any of our businesses that is adversely affected by international trade tariffs, duties, taxes, customs or dispute settlement terms. to the extent such trade policies increase prices, they could also reduce the demand for our products and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial results and financial condition, including facility closures or impairments of assets. we cannot predict future trade policy or the terms of any settlements of international trade disputes and their impact on our business.
distribution of wreco shares we could incur substantial u.s. federal tax liability if the wreco transaction were found not to qualify as a tax-
free "reorganization" or the distribution of wreco shares to weyerhaeuser shareholders were found not to qualify as a tax-free distribution.
in 2014, we closed the divestiture of our home building business, weyerhaeuser real estate company (wreco), via a
"reverse morris trust" transaction pursuant to which a wholly - owned subsidiary of tri pointe homes, inc. (tri pointe) merged with and into wreco, with wreco surviving the merger and becoming a wholly - owned subsidiary of tri pointe. the reverse morris trust transaction was structured to qualify as a tax-free reorganization and the associated distribution of wreco shares to weyerhaeuser shareholders as a tax-free distribution. if the transaction were determined not to qualify as a tax-free reorganization , or if the distribution does not qualify as a tax-free distribution, then weyerhaeuser or its subsidiaries or weyerhaeuser shareholders may be required to pay substantial u.s. federal income taxes.
if the transaction were determined not to qualify as a tax-free reorganization or the distribution not to qualify as a tax-free distribution, or if weyerhaeuser were required to indemnify tri pointe and wreco, such taxes and indemnification obligations could be substantial and could materially and adversely affect the company's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
our merger with plum creek timber company, inc.
we could incur substantial u.s. federal tax liability in connection with our merger with plum creek.
on february 19, 2016, plum creek timber company, inc. merged with and into weyerhaeuser company, with weyerhaeuser continuing as the surviving company. both companies have operated in a manner intended to qualify them as "reits"
for u.s. federal income tax purposes under the internal revenue code. see "reit status and tax implications" above for a description of the consequences of our failure to maintain reit status. however, even if we have operated in a manner that allows us to retain our reit status, if plum creek were deemed to have lost its reit status for a taxable year before the merger or the taxable year in which the merger occurred, we could face serious tax consequences that could substantially reduce cash available for distribution to our shareholders and significantly impair our ability to expand our business and raise capital. in addition, if the merger were determined not to qualify as a tax-free merger, we could incur substantial federal tax liability that could materially and adversely affect the company's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
other risks cybersecurity we rely on information technology to support our operations and reporting environments. a security failure of that technology could impact our ability to operate our businesses effectively, adversely affect our reported financial results, impact our reputation and expose us to potential liability or litigation.
we use information systems to carry out our operational activities, maintain our business records, collect and store sensitive data, including intellectual property, other proprietary and personally identifiable information.
some systems are internally managed and some are maintained by third-party service providers. we and our service providers employ what we believe are reasonably adequate security measures, but notwithstanding these efforts, our systems could be compromised as a result of a cyber incident, natural disaster, hardware or software corruption, failure or error, telecommunications system failure, service provider error or failure, intentional or unintentional personnel actions or other disruption. if by any cause our systems or information resources were compromised, or if our data were destroyed, misappropriated or inappropriately disclosed we could suffer significant loss or incur significant liability, including: damage to our reputation; loss of customer confidence or goodwill; and significant expenditures of time and money to address and remediate resulting damages to affected individuals or business partners, or to defend ourselves in resulting litigation or other legal proceedings, by affected individuals, business partners or regulators.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
31
table of contents pension plan liability we have a significant pension liability.
a portion of our current and former employees have accrued benefits under our defined benefit pension plans.
although the plans are not open to employees hired on or after january 1, 2014, current employees hired before that time continue to accrue benefits. requirements for funding our pension plan liabilities are based on a number of actuarial assumptions, including the expected rate of return on our plan assets and the discount rate applied to our pension plan obligations. fluctuations in equity market returns and changes in long-term interest rates could increase our costs under our plans and may significantly impact future contribution requirements. it is unknown what the actual investment return on our pension assets will be in future years and what interest rates may be at any given point in time. we cannot therefore provide any assurance of what our actual pension plan costs will be in the future, or whether we will be required under applicable law to make future material plan contributions. see note 9: pension and other postretirement benefit plans of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information about these plans, including funding status.
strategic initiatives our business and financial results may be adversely affected if we are unable to successfully execute on important strategic initiatives.
there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully implement important strategic initiatives in accordance with our expectations, which may result in an adverse impact on our business and financial results.
these strategic initiatives are designed to improve our results of operations and drive long-term shareholder value, and include, among others: optimizing cash flow through operational excellence; reducing costs to achieve industry-leading cost structure; and innovating in higher-margin products .
we may be unsuccessful in carrying out our acquisition strategy.
we intend to strategically pursue acquisitions of timberland properties when market conditions warrant. as with any investment, our acquisitions may not perform in accordance with our expectations. in addition, we anticipate financing such acquisitions through cash from operations, borrowings under our unsecured credit facilities, proceeds from equity or debt offerings or proceeds from asset dispositions, or any combination thereof. our inability to finance future acquisitions on favorable terms could adversely affect our results of operations.
people our business is dependent upon attracting, retaining and developing key personnel.
our success depends, to a significant extent, upon our ability to attract, retain and develop senior management, operations management and other key personnel. our financial condition or results of operations could be significantly adversely affected if we were to fail to recruit, retain, and develop such personnel, or if there were to occur any significant increase in the cost of providing such personnel with competitive total compensation and benefits.
stock-price volatility the market price of our common stock may be influenced by many factors, some of which are beyond our control.
the market price of our common stock may be influenced by many factors, some of which are beyond our control, including without limitation those described above and elsewhere in this report, as well as the following:
•  actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results or our competitors' operating results;
•  announcements by us or our competitors of new products, capacity changes, significant contracts, acquisitions or strategic investments;
•  our growth rate and our competitors'growth rates;
•  general economic conditions;
•  conditions in the financial markets;
•  changes in stock market analyst recommendations regarding us, our competitors or the forest products industry generally, or lack of analyst coverage of our common stock;
•  sales of our common stock by our executive officers, directors and significant stockholders;
•  sales or repurchases of substantial amounts of common stock;
•  changes in accounting principles; and
•  changes in tax laws and regulations.
in addition, there has been significant volatility in the market price and trading volume of securities of companies operating in the forest products industry that often has been unrelated to individual company operating performance.
some companies that have experienced volatile market prices for their securities have had securities litigation brought against them. if litigation of this type is brought against us, it could result in substantial costs and divert management ' s attention and resources.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
32
table of contents unresolved staff comments there are no unresolved comments that were received from the sec staff relating to our periodic or current reports under the securities exchange act of 1934.
properties details about our facilities, production capacities and locations are found in the our business - what we do section of this report.
•  for details about our timberlands properties, go toour business/what we do/timberlands/where we do it.
•  for details about our real estate, energy and natural resources properties, go toour business/what we do/real estate, energy and natural resources/where we do it.
•  for details about our wood products properties, go toour business/what we do/wood products/where we do it.
legal proceedings see note 14: legal proceedings, commitments and contingencies and note 20: income taxes in the notes to consolidated financial statements for a summary of legal proceedings.
market for registrant's common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities our common stock trades on the following exchanges under the symbol wy:
•  new york stock exchange as of december 31, 2017 , there were 15,138 holders of record of our common shares. dividend-per-share data and the range of closing market prices for our common stock for each of the four quarters in 2017 and 2016 are included in note 22: selected quarterly financial information (unaudited) in the notes to consolidated financial statements .
information about securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plan number of number of                                            securities securities to be               weighted            remaining available issued upon       average exercise            for future issuance exercise of               price of                   under equity outstanding            outstanding             compensation plans options,               options,                     (excluding warrants and           warrants and        securities to be issued rights                 rights                 upon exercise)
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
equity compensation plans approved by                                    11,232,881    $             21.21                     21,092,207
security holders(1)
equity compensation plans not approved                                          n/a                    n/a                            n/a by security holders total                                          11,232,881    $             21.21                     21,092,207
(1)includes 1,509,474
restricted stock units and
965,347 performance share units. because there is no exercise price associated with restricted stock units and performance share units, excluding these stock units the weighted average exercise price calculation would be $26.38.
information about common stock repurchases during
2017
the 2016 share repurchase authorization was approved in november 2015 by our board of directors and authorized management to repurchase up to $2.5 billion of outstanding shares subsequent to the closing of our merger with plum creek. transaction fees incurred for repurchases are not counted as use of funds authorized for repurchase under the 2016 share repurchase authorization. all common stock purchases under the stock repurchase program are to be made in open-market transactions. we did not enter into any common stock repurchases during 2017.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
33
table of contents comparison of five-year cumulative total shareholder return weyerhaeuser company, s&p 500 and s&p global timber & forestry index performance graph assumptions
•  assumes $100 invested ondecember 31, 2012, in weyerhaeuser common stock, the s&p 500 index and the s&p global timber & forestry index.
•  total return assumes dividends received are reinvested at month end.
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
•  measurement dates are the last trading day of the calendar year shown.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
34
table of contents selected financial data dollar amounts in millions, except per-share figures per common share        2017           2016           2015           2014           2013
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
diluted earnings from continuing operations attributable to     $                       0.77     $     0.55     $     0.71     $     1.02     $     0.54
weyerhaeuser common shareholders diluted earnings from discontinued operations attributable to     $                          -     $     0.84     $     0.18     $     2.16     $     0.41
weyerhaeuser common shareholders diluted net earnings attributable to     $                       0.77     $     1.39     $     0.89     $     3.18     $     0.95
weyerhaeuser common shareholders dividends paid      $                       1.25     $     1.24     $     1.20     $     1.02     $     0.81
weyerhaeuser shareholders'       $                      11.78     $    12.26     $     9.54     $    10.11     $    11.64
interest (end of year)
financial position(1)
2017           2016           2015           2014           2013
total assets        $                     18,059     $   19,243     $   12,470     $   13,247     $   14,352
total long-term debt, including     $                      5,992     $    6,610     $    4,787     $    4,873     $    4,871
current portion(2)
weyerhaeuser shareholders'       $                      8,899     $    9,180     $    4,869     $    5,304     $    6,795
interest percent earned on average year-end weyerhaeuser                                 6.4  %        14.3  %         9.1  %        29.5  %         9.9  %
shareholders'
interest operating results
2017           2016           2015           2014           2013
net sales           $                      7,196          6,365          5,246          5,489          5,373
earnings from continuing                                   582            415            411            616            330
operations discontinued operations, net of                             -            612             95          1,210            233
income taxes net earnings                                 582          1,027            506          1,826            563
dividends on                                   -            (22  )         (44  )         (44  )         (23  )
preference shares net earnings attributable to weyerhaeuser        $                        582     $    1,005     $      462     $    1,782     $      540
common shareholders cash flows(1)
2017           2016           2015           2014           2013
net cash from       $                      1,201     $      735     $    1,075     $    1,109     $    1,023
operations net cash from investing                                    367          2,559           (487  )         361         (1,848  )
activities net cash from financing                                 (1,420  )      (3,630  )      (1,156  )        (725  )         762
activities net change in cash and cash            $                        148     $     (336  )  $     (568  )  $      745     $      (63  )
equivalents statistics
(unaudited)
2017           2016           2015           2014           2013
number of                                  9,300         10,400         12,600         12,800         13,700
employees number of common shareholder                               15,138         15,504          7,700          8,248          8,859
accounts at year-end number of common shares outstanding at                                       755,223        748,528        510,483        524,474        583,548
year-end
(thousands)
weighted average common shares outstanding -                            756,666        722,401        519,618        560,899        571,239
diluted
(thousands)
(1) amounts are not updated for the cellulose fibers divestitures.
seenote 3:
discontinued operations and other divestituresin thenotes to consolidated financial statements.
(2) does not include nonrecourse debt held by our variable interest entities (vies).
seenote 8: related partiesin thenotes to consolidated financial statementsfor further information on our vies and the related nonrecourse debt.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
35
table of contents management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a)
what you will find in this md&a our md&a includes the following major sections:
•  economic and market conditions affecting our operations;
•  financial performance summary;
•  discussion of the softwood lumber agreement;
•  results of our operations - consolidated and by segment;
•  liquidity and capital resources - where we discuss our cash flows;
•  off-balance sheet arrangements;
•  environmental matters, legal proceedings and other contingencies; and
•  accounting matters - where we discuss critical accounting policies and areas requiring judgments and estimates.
economic and market conditions affecting our operations the demand for logs within our timberlands segment is directly affected by production levels of domestic wood-based building products. this segment, specifically the western region, is also affected by export demand. japanese housing starts are a key driver of export log demand in japan. the strength of the u.s. housing market strongly affects demand in our wood products segment, as does repair and remodeling activity.
according to the u.s. census bureau, housing starts in 2017 totaled 1.2 million units. single family units accounted for 0.8 million of total housing starts year to date, increasing the share of single family units to 71
percent of total housing starts compared with 67 percent in 2016. while total housing start growth slowed in 2017, rising by a modest 2.4 percent overall, there has been a shift in construction away from multifamily units, which are down 10 percent year over year, to single family units, which have increased 9 percent over the same period.
this shift to the more wood intensive single family construction has been positive for wood products demand. we continue to expect improving u.s. housing starts and anticipate a 4 percent to 10 percent increase in total starts in 2018. consensus forecasts place expected total housing starts between 1.25 and 1.31 million units for 2018
(sources include national association of home builders (nahb), fannie mae, mortgage bankers association, the engineered wood association (apa), and forest economic advisors, llc (fea)). demand for homes remains strong relative to inventories. u.s. census reported new homes sales of 608 thousand units in 2017, an increase of 8.4
percent over 2016. this sales level was characterized by consistently low inventories as measured by months of supply, which averaged 5.4 months through 2017. existing home sales continued to rise in 2017, with total sales of
5.51 million units, a gain of 1.1 percent over 2016 and the highest sales level since 2006 according to the national association of realtors. existing home inventories were also tight with supplies averaging 3.9 months for the year, down from 4.3 months in 2016. we attribute this continued improvement primarily to employment growth, improving consumer confidence and favorable mortgage rates.
according to the joint center for housing studies at harvard university, the leading indicator of remodeling activity (lira) increased by 6.4 percent in 2017 and is expected to increase by 7.5 percent year over year for
2018.
u.s. wood product markets advanced in 2017, consistent with growth in homebuilding and remodeling segments, as described above. according to fea, north american lumber consumption grew at a 7.2 percent rate in 2017. the random lengths framing lumber composite price increased 19.4 percent in 2017 versus 2016 while oriented strand board (osb)
increased 31 percent in 2017 versus 2016 as measured by random lengths north central price. we expect similar to slightly higher wood product prices in 2018 as demand continues to increase with growth in housing starts and remodeling.
consistent with this, demand for logs increased with wood products production within our western region. this coupled with higher market prices year over year drove higher realizations within this region. douglas fir sawlog prices as reported by loglines increased 10 percent from 2016 for the domestic market and 5.7 percent for japan export logs. in the south, log supplies increased consistent with increased demand, leaving prices flat to slightly down year-over-year. according to timbermart - south, prices for delivered sawtimber and stumpage were down 2.6
percent and 4.6 percent respectively.
log inventories in chinese ports have been stable through 2017, ranging from 1.0 million to 1.5 million cubic meters (m 3 ) per month as reported by international wood markets china bulletin. log and lumber demand in china remain strong, primarily due to the strength of construction activity. total imports of logs and lumber increased
13 percent and 20 percent, respectively, for the first 11 months of 2017 compared on a year ago basis. in japan, post and beam housing starts (the primary source of log demand) for january through november 2017 are up 1.0
percent from the same period last year while total housing starts are down 0.1 percent on a year ago basis.
we expect demand from china and japan in 2018 to be similar to modestly improved from demand experienced in 2017.
our real estate, energy and natural resources segment is affected by the health of the u.s. economy and especially the u.s. housing sector of the economy. according to the realtors land institute of the national association of realtors, the dollar volume of rural properties, including timber, sold in 2017 grew 4 percent over 2016 sales while per acre prices were up 3 percent on average.
energy markets recovered steadily in 2017. for the year, brent crude oil averaged $54 per barrel in 2017, an increase of $10 per barrel from 2016 levels. prices increased fairly steadily through the second half of the year, with year-end prices higher than the annual average. natural gas prices were also higher in 2017 averaging $2.99
per million british thermal units (mmbtu) a 19 percent increase over 2016. expectations are for energy prices to be stable to gradually increasing in 2018.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
36
table of contents financial performance summary net sales by segment contribution to earnings by segment weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
37
table of contents softwood lumber agreement we operate a total of 19 softwood lumber mills with a total capacity of 4.9 billion board feet. three of these mills, located in canada, produce approximately 900 million board feet annually, and sell products in canada, asia, and the u.s.
on april 24, 2017, the u.s. department of commerce announced a preliminary determination that it would implement countervailing duties on canadian softwood lumber shipments to the u.s. the rate applicable to weyerhaeuser was
19.88 percent and became effective as of april 28, 2017. the u.s. department of commerce also announced that retroactive deposits at the 19.88 percent rate would be collected from certain canadian lumber producers, including weyerhaeuser, for softwood lumber shipments from canada to the u.s. during the 90-day period prior to april 28,
2017.
the preliminary countervailing duties were suspended on august 26, 2017, at which time we effectively stopped accruing for the expense. the suspension of the countervailing duties was set to last until the us international trade commission reaches its final determination of injury, which was issued december 28, 2017.
on june 26, 2017, the u.s. department of commerce announced a preliminary determination that it would implement anti-dumping duties on canadian softwood lumber shipments to the u.s. the rate applicable to weyerhaeuser was 6.87
percent and became effective as of june 30, 2017. the u.s. department of commerce also announced that retroactive deposits at the 6.87 percent rate would be collected from certain canadian lumber producers, including weyerhaeuser, for softwood lumber shipments from canada to the u.s. during the 90-day period prior to june 30,
2017.
based on affirmative final determinations by the department of commerce (doc) and the us international trade commission (usitc) on december 28, 2017, the doc issued countervailing duty (cvd) and anti-dumping (ad) duty orders on certain softwood lumber products from canada.
the cvd rate applicable to weyerhaeuser is 14.19 percent and will be assessed on entries of softwood lumber from canada for consumption on or after april 28, 2017, the date of publication of the preliminary determination. it will not include entries occurring after the expiration of the provisional measures period and before publication of the itc's final injury determination (cvd suspension date was august 26, 2017 - december 27, 2017).
the ad rate applicable to weyerhaeuser is 6.04 percent and will be assessed on entries of softwood lumber from canada for consumption on or after june 30, 2017, the date of publication of the preliminary determination. it will not include entries occurring after the expiration of the provisional measures period, until and through the day preceding the day of publication of the usitc's final injury determinations in the federal register (ad suspension date was december 26, 2017 - january 2, 2018).
for retroactive imposition of cvd and ad duties to apply 90 days prior to the dates of publication of the preliminary determinations, both the usitc and doc must make a positive determination. the usitc made a negative determination regarding critical circumstances on december 7, 2017. as a result, we reversed the accrual for the retroactive duties for both cvd and ad, which totaled $9 million . additionally, we reduced our accrual by $2
million related to reduced rate applicable to prospective period duties. as of december 31, 2017, we have expensed cvd and ad duties at the final published rates totaling $7 million .
results of operations in reviewing our results of operations, it is important to understand these terms:
•  sales realizations refer to net selling prices - this includes selling price plus freight minus normal sales deductions.
•  net contribution to earnings refers to earnings (loss) attributable to weyerhaeuser shareholders before interest expense and income taxes.
our merger with plum creek during first quarter 2016 significantly affected the comparability of our consolidated operating results between 2016 and prior periods. as a result of progress made to integrate financial processes and systems since the merger date, the results beginning on february 19, 2016, from acquired plum creek operations and the respective impacts of these results on our current period results are impracticable to disclose in the year-to-
date period ended december 31, 2016. our prior period results do not include pre-merger results of plum creek operations.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
38
table of contents consolidated results how we did in
2017
summary of financial results dollar amounts in millions, except                                         amount of change per-share figures     2017        2016        2015            2017vs.2016        2016vs.2015
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
net sales          $                    7,196    $  6,365    $  5,246    $               831     $        1,119
costs of products  $                    5,298    $  4,980    $  4,153    $               318     $          827
sold operating income   $                    1,131    $    822    $    644    $               309     $          178
earnings from discontinued       $                        -    $    612    $     95    $              (612  )  $          517
operations, net of tax net earnings attributable to weyerhaeuser       $                      582    $  1,005    $    462    $              (423  )  $          543
common shareholders basic earnings per share attributable to    $                     0.77    $   1.40    $   0.89    $             (0.63  )  $         0.51
weyerhaeuser common shareholders diluted earnings per share attributable       $                     0.77    $   1.39    $   0.89    $             (0.62  )  $         0.50
to weyerhaeuser common shareholders comparing
2017
with
2016
net sales net sales increased $831 million - 13 percent - primarily due to:
wood products segment net sales to unaffiliated customers increased$640 million, primarily attributable to increased sales realizations across all product lines, as well as increased sales volumes within our oriented strand board, engineered i-joists, medium density fiberboard, and our engineered solid section
•  product lines. additionally, upon completion of the sales of our former cellulose fibers businesses, chips previously sold to cellulose fibers are now sales to unaffiliated customers. refer tonote 3: discontinued operations and other divestituresin thenotes to consolidated financial statementsfor further details regarding these divestitures.
timberlands segment net sales to unaffiliated customers increased$137 million, which is primarily
•  attributable to increased southern and other (includes our canadian operations and timberlands included in the twin creeks venture) delivered log sales volumes, as well as, an increase in western log sales prices.
•  real estate & enr segment net sales to unaffiliated customers increased$54 millionattributable to an increase in timberlands acres sold in real estate and an increase in royalties.
costs of products sold costs of products sold increased $318 million - 6 percent - primarily due to:
wood products segment costs of products sold increased$192 millionprimarily attributable to an overall
•  increase in sales volumes, as discussed above. this increase was offset by the mix of products sold during
2017 compared to 2016.
intercompany eliminations decreased$144 million, therefore increasing our consolidated cost of products sold. this reduction in intercompany costs of products sold is primarily due to the completion of the divestitures of our former cellulose fibers businesses. prior to the completion of these divestitures the
•  sales and related cost of products sold for chips and logs sold to our cellulose fibers businesses were considered intercompany and therefore were not included in our consolidated results. however, subsequent to the divestitures these sales and the related cost of products sold are considered sales to unaffiliated customers and therefore included in our consolidated results.
these increases were partially offset by a decrease in real estate and enr costs of $24 million , primarily attributable to the mix in properties sold in 2017 compared to 2016.
operating income operating income increased $309 million - 38 percent - primarily due to:
•  an increase in consolidated gross margin of$513 million, as described above;
•  an increase in "other operating income, net" of$75 million, which is primarily attributable to:
a$99 milliongain recorded in fourth quarter 2017 as a result of the sale of land in our southern timberlands
◦  region to twin creeks (refer tonote 8: related partiesin thenotes to consolidated financial statementsfor further details);
◦
a $42 million benefit related to environmental remediation insurance recoveries received in 2017; and a $44 million decrease in gains on disposition of nonstrategic assets, primarily attributable to a $36
◦  million pretax gain recognized in the first quarter of 2016 on the sale of our federal way, washington headquarters campus (refer tonote 19: other operating costs (income)in thenotes to consolidated financial statementsfor further information).
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
39
table of contents these increases were partially offset by the following:
the addition of$290 millionin "charges for product remediation" in 2017, as there were no similar charges
•  during 2016. refer tonote 18: charges for product remediationin thenotes to consolidated financial statementsfor further information.
a$24 millionincrease in "charges for integration and restructuring, closures and asset impairments," which is primarily attributable to a$147 millionnoncash impairment charge recognized during second quarter 2017 in
•  relation to the divestiture of our uruguayan operations.this was partially offset by a$112 milliondecrease in charges related to our merger with plum creek. refer tonote 17: charges for integration and restructurings, closures, and asset impairmentsin thenotes to consolidated financial statementsfor further details regarding the impairment as well as the plum creek merger related costs.
net earnings attributable to weyerhaeuser common shareholders our net earnings attributable to weyerhaeuser common shareholders decreased $423 million - 42 percent - compared to
2016 . excluding "earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax," net earnings attributable to weyerhaeuser common shareholders increased $189 million - 48 percent - primarily due to the increase in operating income, as explained above. the increases in operating income were partially offset by a $110 million increase in expense related to "non-operating pension and other postretirement benefits (costs) credits" due to a decrease in the expected return on our plan assets as well as an increase in the amortization of actuarial losses.
earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax, decreased $612 million - 100 percent - as all discontinued operations were sold in 2016.
comparing
2016
with
2015
net sales net sales increased $1,119 million - 21 percent - primarily due to the following developments:
timberlands segment sales increased$532 millionprimarily due to sales from acquired plum creek operations.
this increase was partially offset by lower average sales realizations. the decrease in average sales
•  realizations is primarily attributable to the increase in sales volume for the south, which has lower average sales realizations compared to the west. the south comprised 31 percent of timberlands' sales to unaffiliated customers in2016compared to 19 percent in2015.
real estate & enr segment sales increased$125 millionattributable to increased volume of timberland acres
•  sold and increased enr sales volume attributable to the operations acquired in our merger with plum creek.
these increases were partially offset by a decrease in average price realized per acre due to geographic mix of properties sold.
wood products segment sales increased$462 milliondue to increased medium density fiberboard and plywood
•  sales generated from our operations acquired from our merger with plum creek and increased oriented strand board and lumber average sales realizations.
costs of products sold costs of products sold increased $827 million - 20 percent - primarily attributable to the following developments:
timberlands costs of products sold increased$488 milliondue to increased sales volume as explained above and
•  to higher depletion rates in the south and west for acquired plum creek timberlands, which were measured at fair value as of the merger date.
real estate & enr costs of products sold increased$114 millionattributable to increased real estate and enr
•  sales volume and higher basis of real estate sold, which is a result of measuring acquired plum creek properties at fair value as of the february 19, 2016 merger date.
wood products costs of products sold increased$201 millionprimarily attributable to increased sales volume
•  as explained above. this increase was partially offset by lower log costs and lower manufacturing costs per unit.
operating income operating income increased $178 million - 28 percent - primarily due to:
•  an increase to company-wide gross margin of$292 millionas described above;
•  a favorable shift in gain on foreign currency remeasurement - $52 million; and
•  a gain on the sale of our federal way headquarters campus - $36 million.
these increases were partially offset by:
a$131 millionincrease in charges for integration and restructuring, closures and asset impairments,
•  primarily attributable to incurring $146 million of costs related to our merger with plum creek in 2016
compared to $14 million in 2015; and
•  a$76 millionincrease in selling, general and administrative expenses primarily attributable to merging legacy weyerhaeuser and plum creek operations.
net earnings attributable to weyerhaeuser common shareholders our net earnings attributable to weyerhaeuser common shareholders increased $543 million - 118 percent - compared to 2015 . earnings from continuing operations before income taxes increased $151 million - 43 percent - due to variances in net sales, costs of products sold and operating income explained above. the increase was offset by a
$147 million increase to income taxes from continuing operations resulting from increased taxable earnings generated by our trss.
earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax, increased $517 million - 544 percent - primarily due to:
•  the after-tax gains recognized from divesting our cellulose fibers business in 2016 - $546 million;
•  a decrease in the equity loss from our printing papers joint venture - $101 million - primarily attributable to an $84 million noncash asset impairment recorded in fourth quarter 2015; and
•  lower costs of products sold, primarily due to lower sales volumes and the cessation of depreciation when cellulose fibers manufacturing assets were classified as held-for-sale in second quarter 2016.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
40
table of contents these increases were partially offset by:
•  lower average sales realizations for pulp and liquid packaging board;
•  lower sales volume for pulp and liquid packaging board attributable to a partial year of operations in 2016
compared to a full year in 2015; and
•  increased charges for restructuring, closures and asset impairments and transaction-related costs related to our strategic evaluation and divestiture of the cellulose fibers businesses.
timberlands how we did in
2017
we report sales volume and annual production data for our timberlands segment in our business/what we do/timberlands .
net sales and net contribution to earnings for timberlands net sales to unaffiliated customers:
delivered         dollar amounts in                                      amount of change logs(1):          millions            2017        2016        2015            2017vs.2016        2016vs.2015
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
west              $                    915    $    865    $    830    $                50     $           35
south                                  616         566         241                     50                325
north                                   95          91           -                      4                 91
other                                   59          38          24                     21                 14
total                                1,685       1,560       1,095                    125                465
stumpage and pay-as-cut                              73          85          37                    (12  )              48
timber uruguay                                 63          79          87                    (16  )              (8  )
operations(2)
recreational and other lease                             59          44          25                     15                 19
revenue other                                   62          37          29                     25                  8
products(3)
subtotal sales to unaffiliated                      1,942       1,805       1,273                    137                532
customers intersegment sales:
united states                          520         590         559                    (70  )              31
other                                  242         250         271                     (8  )             (21  )
subtotal intersegment                           762         840         830                    (78  )              10
sales total             $                  2,704    $  2,645    $  2,103    $                59     $          542
costs of          $                  2,043    $  2,054    $  1,566    $               (11  )  $          488
products sold operating income and net           $                    532    $    499    $    470    $                33     $           29
contribution to earnings
(1)the western region includes oregon and washington. the southern region includes alabama, arkansas, georgia, florida, louisiana, mississippi, north carolina, oklahoma, south carolina, texas and virginia. the northern region includes maine, michigan, montana, new hampshire, vermont, west virginia and wisconsin. other includes our canadian operations and the timberlands of the twin creeks venture that we managed.
(our management agreement for the twin creeks venture began in april 2016 and terminated in december 2017.
for additional information seenote 8:
related partiesinnotes to consolidated financial statements.)
(2)sales from our former uruguayan operations included plywood and hardwood lumber. our uruguayan operations were divested on september 1,
2017. refer tonote 3:
discontinued operations and other divestituresin thenotes to consolidated financial statementsfor further information on this divestiture.
(3)other products sales include sales of seeds and seedlings from our nursery operations and chips.
comparing
2017
with
2016
net sales - unaffiliated customers net sales to unaffiliated customers increased $137 million - 8 percent - primarily due to:
•  a$50 millionincrease in southern log sales attributable to 12 percent increase in delivered logs sales volumes, partially offset by a 3 percent decrease in southern log prices;
•  a$50 millionincrease in western log sales attributable to a 12 percent increase in western log prices, partially offset by a 6 percent decrease in delivered logs sales volumes;
a$25 millionincrease in other products, primarily attributable to increased chips sales to unaffiliated
•  customers (prior to our 2016 divestitures of our cellulose fibers businesses, chips sales were primarily intersegment sales); and
•  a$21 millionincrease in other delivered logs, primarily due to a 55 percent increase in delivered logs sales volumes.
these increases were partially offset by a $16 million decrease in our uruguayan operations, primarily attributable to the divestiture that occurred during third quarter 2017. refer to note 3: discontinued operations and other divestitures in the notes to consolidated financial statements .
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
41
table of contents intersegment sales intersegment sales decreased $78 million - 9 percent - due to a decrease in chip and log intersegment sales, which were previously sold to our former cellulose fibers business segment. the businesses within this segment were divested during the second half of 2016. refer to note 3: discontinued operations and other divestitures in the notes to consolidated financial statements for further information on these divestitures.
costs of products sold costs of products sold decreased $11 million - 1 percent - primarily due to:
a $23 million decrease due to the divestiture of our uruguayan operations in third quarter 2017. refer
•  tonote 3: discontinued operations and other divestituresin thenotes to consolidated financial statementsfor further details.
•  a $16 million decrease in the west, attributable to a decrease in delivered logs sales volumes.
these decreases were partially offset by a $19 million increase in canada primarily attributable to an increase in delivered logs sales volumes.
operating income and net contribution to earnings net contribution to earnings increased $33 million - 7 percent - primarily due to:
a$99 milliongain recorded in fourth quarter 2017 as a result of the sale of land in our southern timberlands
•  region to twin creeks (refer tonote 8: related partiesin thenotes to consolidated financial statementsfor further details), and
•  a $70 million increase in gross margin, as explained above.
these increases were partially offset by a $147 million noncash impairment charge recognized in relation to the divestiture of our uruguayan operations. refer to note 17: charges for integration and restructuring, closures, and asset impairments in the notes to consolidated financial statements for further details of this impairment.
comparing
2016
with
2015
compared to 2015, the changes to the results of operations for our timberlands segment during 2016 are primarily attributable to the addition of approximately 6.3 million acres of plum creek timberlands, which produced over 18
million tons of harvest volume in 2015. the merger resulted in the expansion of our southern timberlands from 4.0
million acres to 7.4 million acres - an 85 percent increase - and our western timberlands from 2.6 to 3.0 million acres - a 15 percent increase. the merger also added 2.5 million acres across maine, michigan, montana, new hampshire, vermont, west virginia and wisconsin, which we refer to collectively as our northern timberlands.
increases to sales volume are primarily attributable to the significant increases in the overall size of and harvests from our timberlands holdings by region, particularly in the south and north regions.
the composition of our sales volume by region was also altered by the merger, as the south and north regions, which historically had lower average sales realizations compared to the west, comprise a greater portion of our overall sales subsequent to the merger. additionally, within the south the acquired timberlands altered the overall sales mix, as lower realization pulpwood sales increased and higher realization grade logs decreased as a percentage of total sales volume, resulting in lower average sales realizations overall for the region in 2016 compared with
2015.
as a result of applying acquisition accounting to our timber and timberland assets acquired as described in note 4:
merger with plum creek in notes to consolidated financial statements , depletion rates increased significantly in
2016 compared to 2015. when combined with increased sales volume, these higher depletion rates drove significant increases in our costs of products sold in 2016 compared to 2015.
net sales - unaffiliated customers net sales to unaffiliated customers increased $532 million - 42 percent - primarily due to:
a$325 millionincrease in southern log sales as a result of a 146 percent increase in delivered logs sales
•  volume primarily attributable to adding acquired plum creek operations, partially offset by a 5 percent decrease in average sales realizations of delivered logs due to mix of sawlogs and pulp logs;
•  a$91 millionincrease in northern log sales attributable entirely to operations acquired upon our merger with plum creek; and a$35 millionincrease in western log sales as a result of a 6 percent increase in delivered logs sales volume
•  attributable to adding acquired plum creek operations, partially offset by a 2 percent decrease in average sales realizations for delivered logs;
•  a$48 millionincrease in stumpage and pay-as-cut timber, which is primarily attributable to adding stumpage sales from acquired plum creek timberlands in the south; and
•  a$19 millionincrease in recreational and other lease revenue due entirely to the acquired plum creek leases.
intersegment sales intersegment sales increased $10 million - 1 percent - due to a $31 million increase in intersegment sales in the united states. this increase is attributable to adding intersegment log sales volume for the montana operations acquired from plum creek. this increase was partially offset by a decrease in average intersegment sales realizations.
the increase in the united states intersegment sales was partially offset by a $21 million decrease in intersegment sales in canada. this decrease is attributable to lower log and chip sales volume to our former cellulose fibers segment as a result of divesting from our pulp mill in grande prairie, alberta. there was also a slight decrease in average intersegment sales realizations compared to 2015.
costs of products sold costs of products sold increased $488 million - 31 percent - primarily due to a 78 percent increase in sales volume attributable to the operations acquired in our merger with plum creek. additionally, per unit costs increased due to higher depletion rates in the south and west attributable to acquired plum creek timberlands, which were measured at fair value as of the merger date.
operating income and net contribution to earnings net contribution to earnings increased $29 million - 6 percent - primarily attributable to the changes in net sales and costs of products sold as explained above.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
42
table of contents real estate, energy and natural resources how we did in
2017
we report acres sold and average price per acre for our real estate, energy and natural resources segment in our business/what we do/real estate, energy and natural resources .
net sales and net contribution to earnings for real estate, energy and natural resources net sales to            dollar amounts                                   amount of change unaffiliated buyers:    in millions     2017       2016       2015            2017vs.2016        2016vs.2015
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
real estate             $                208    $   172    $    75    $                36     $           97
energy and natural                        72         54         26                     18                 28
resources subtotal sales to                        280        226        101                     54                125
unaffiliated buyers intersegment sales                         1          1          -                      -                  1
total                   $                281    $   227    $   101    $                54     $          126
cost of products sold   $                110    $   134    $    20    $               (24  )  $          114
operating income        $                145    $    53    $    79    $                92     $          (26  )
equity earnings (loss)
from joint                                 1          2          -                     (1  )               2
venture net contribution to     $                146    $    55    $    79    $                91     $          (24  )
earnings the timing of real estate sales is a function of many factors, including:
•  the general state of the economy,
•  demand in local real estate markets,
•  the ability to obtain entitlements,
•  the ability of buyers to obtain financing,
•  the number of competing properties listed for sale,
•  the seasonal nature of sales (particularly in the northern states),
•  the plans of adjacent landowners,
•  our expectations of future price appreciation,
•  the timing of harvesting activities, and
•  the availability of government and not-for-profit funding (especially for conservation sales).
in any period, the average sales price per acre will vary based on the location and physical characteristics of parcels sold.
comparing
2017
with
2016
net sales - unaffiliated buyers net sales to unaffiliated buyers increased $54 million - 24 percent - primarily due to:
•  a$36 millionincrease in net real estate sales primarily attributable to an 18 percent increase in volume of timberlands acres sold.
an$18 millionincrease in net energy and natural resources sales primarily attributable to the increased
•  operations acquired during our merger with plum creek. our 2017 operations include a full twelve months of combined operations as compared to ten months of combined operations in 2016. the increase is further attributable to increases in royalties.
costs of products sold costs of products sold decreased $24 million - 18 percent - primarily due to the mix of properties sold in 2017
compared to 2016.
net contribution to earnings net contribution to earnings increased $91 million - 165 percent - primarily due to increased gross margin discussed above. additionally, our 2016 results include a $15 million asset impairment charge recorded for development projects. no comparable impairment charges were recorded within this segment during 2017.
comparing
2016
with
2015
land acquired as a result of our merger with plum creek generally carried a higher per acre cost basis compared to our other acreage as a result of measuring acquired land at fair value via acquisition accounting as of the february 19, 2016, merger date. as a result, our costs of timberlands varied period-to-period based on the sales mix between acquired plum creek acreage and acreage owned by weyerhaeuser prior to the merger.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
43
table of contents net sales - unaffiliated buyers net sales to unaffiliated buyers increased $125 million - 124 percent - attributable to the following developments:
net real estate sales increased$97 millionattributable to increases in volume of timberlands acres sold.
•  this increase was partially offset by a decrease in average price realized per acre due to mix of properties sold.
•  net energy and natural resources sales increased$28 milliondue primarily to increased sales volumes attributable to the operations acquired with our merger with plum creek.
costs of products sold costs of products sold increased $114 million - 570 percent - due primarily to:
•  increased real estate and enr sales volume, as explained above;
higher basis of real estate sold resulting from measuring acquired plum creek properties at fair value as of
•  the february 19, 2016, merger date; and
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
•  an $11 million increase in commissions and closing costs that corresponds with the increased volume of transactions.
net contribution to earnings net contribution to earnings decreased $24 million - 30 percent - primarily attributable to increased general and administrative expenses of $20 million. the increase in general and administrative expenses is the result of creating a standalone business segment separate from timberlands and dedicating more staff to the expanded land and natural resource footprint.
wood products how we did in
2017
we report sales volume and annual production data for our wood products segment in our business/what we do/wood products .
net sales and net contribution to earnings for wood products dollar amounts in                                        amount of change net sales:          millions              2017        2016        2015            2017vs.2016       2016vs.2015
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
structural lumber   $                    2,058    $  1,839    $  1,741    $               219    $           98
engineered solid                           500         450         428                     50                22
section engineered                                 336         290         284                     46                 6
i-joists oriented strand                            904         707         595                    197               112
board softwood plywood                           176         174         129                      2                45
medium density                             183         158           -                     25               158
fiberboard other products                             276         201         189                     75                12
produced(1)
complementary                              541         515         506                     26                 9
building products total               $                    4,974    $  4,334    $  3,872    $               640    $          462
costs of products   $                    3,880    $  3,688    $  3,487    $               192    $          201
sold operating income and net             $                      569    $    512    $    258    $                57    $          254
contribution to earnings
(1) includes wood chips and other byproducts.
comparing
2017
with
2016
net sales net sales increased $640 million - 15 percent - primarily due to:
•  a$219 millionincrease in structural lumber sales, attributable to a 13 percent increase in average sales realizations, partially offset by a 1 percent decrease in sales volumes;
•  a$197 millionincrease in oriented strand board sales, attributable to a 26 percent increase in average sales realizations as well as a 1 percent increase in sales volumes;
a$75 millionincrease in other products produced, primarily attributable to increased chip sales. chips were previously sold to our former cellulose fibers segment and were therefore considered intersegment sales
•  until the sale of our cellulose fibers businesses which occurred in the second half of 2016. upon completion of these divestitures, chips sold to those businesses were considered sales to unaffiliated customers.
(refer tonote 3: discontinued operations and other divestituresin thenotes to consolidated financial statementsfor further details regarding these divestitures.);
•  a$50 millionincrease in engineered solid section, primarily attributable to an 8 percent increase in sales volumes as well as a 3 percent increase in average sales realizations; and
•  a$46 millionincrease in engineered i-joists, primarily attributable to a 13 percent increase in sales volume as well as a 3 percent increase in average sales realizations.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
44
table of contents costs of products sold costs of products sold increased $192 million - 5 percent - primarily attributable to an overall increase in sales volumes, as discussed above. this increase was offset by the mix of products sold during 2017 compared to 2016.
operating income and net contribution to earnings operating income and net contribution to earnings increased $57 million - 11 percent - primarily due to increased gross margin, as discussed above. this was partially offset by:
the$290 millionaddition of  "charges for product remediation" in 2017, as there were no similar charges
•  during 2016 (refer tonote 18: charges for product remediationin thenotes to consolidated financial statementsfor further information);
a $68 million decrease in intersegment sales in 2017 compared to 2016, which is primarily attributable to decreased intersegment chip sales. prior to our divestitures of our former cellulose fibers business, which
•  occurred in the second half of 2016, chips sold to these businesses were considered intersegment sales. upon completion of these divestitures, chips sold to our former cellulose fibers businesses were considered sales to unaffiliated customers.
•  a$7 millionincrease in "other operating costs, net," related to countervailing and anti-dumping duties.
refer tosoftwood lumber agreementfor further information regarding these regulations.
a$6 millionimpairment on nonstrategic assets recognized during third quarter 2017. refer tonote 17: charges
•  for integration and restructuring, closures and asset impairmentsin thenotes to consolidated financial statementsfor further detail.
comparing
2016
with
2015
upon our merger with plum creek, we acquired five manufacturing facilities in montana. the sales and net contribution to earnings of these facilities as of the merger date are included in the results of our wood products segment. the results of the plywood facilities are reported in softwood plywood and the lumber facilities are reported in structural lumber.
the medium density fiberboard (mdf) facility supplies high-quality mdf to a wide range of customers throughout north america. some of the more common uses for our mdf include furniture and cabinet components, architectural moldings, doors, store fixtures, core material for hardwood plywood, face material for softwood plywood, commercial wall paneling and substrate for laminate flooring.
we permanently closed two of the five acquired plum creek mills, the lumber facility and softwood plywood facility in columbia falls, montana, during third quarter 2016. the closure of these facilities allows us to align the available log supply with our manufacturing capacity, including adding shifts at our kalispell, montana facilities, to position our montana operations for long-term success.
refer to note 4: merger with plum creek in notes to consolidated financial statements for further information regarding our merger with plum creek.
net sales net sales increased $462 million - 12 percent - primarily due to:
•  a$158 millionincrease in medium density fiberboard sales generated from operations acquired in our merger with plum creek;
•  a$112 millionincrease in oriented strand board sales, attributable primarily to a 21 percent increase in average sales realizations;
•  a$98 millionincrease in lumber sales, attributable to a 3 percent increase in average sales realizations and a 3 percent increase in sales volume; and a$45 millionincrease in plywood sales, attributable to a 9 percent increase in average sales realizations
•  and a 26 percent increase in sales volume, with the volume increase due in part to acquired plum creek operations.
costs of products sold costs of products sold increased $201 million - 6 percent - primarily due to increased sales volume across most product lines and from added volumes produced and sold by the manufacturing operations acquired from our merger with plum creek. this increase is partially offset by lower log costs and lower manufacturing costs per unit.
operating income and net contribution to earnings net contribution to earnings increased $254 million - 98 percent - primarily attributable to the changes in net sales and costs of products sold, as explained above.
unallocated items unallocated items are gains or charges from continuing operations not related to or allocated to an individual operating segment. they include a portion of items such as: share-based compensation, pension and postretirement costs, foreign exchange transaction gains and losses associated with financing, and the elimination of intersegment profit in inventory, equity earnings from our timberland venture and the lifo reserve. as a result of reclassifying our former cellulose fibers segment as discontinued operations, unallocated items also includes retained indirect corporate overhead costs previously allocated to the former segment.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
45
table of contents net contribution to earnings for unallocated items dollar amounts in                                      amount of change millions           2017        2016        2015             2017vs.2016        2016vs.2015
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
unallocated corporate         $                   (73  )  $   (87  )  $   (64  )  $                14     $          (23  )
function expenses unallocated share-based                            (9  )       (3  )        6                      (6  )              (9  )
compensation unallocated pension service                        (4  )       (5  )       (3  )                    1                 (2  )
costs foreign exchange                        1           6         (46  )                   (5  )              52
gains (losses)
elimination of intersegment profit in                             (20  )      (18  )        8                      (2  )             (26  )
inventory and lifo gain (loss) from sales of                                9          50           6                     (41  )              44
nonstrategic assets charges for integration and restructuring, closures and asset impairments:
plum creek merger-and                            (34  )     (146  )      (14  )                  112               (132  )
integration-rel...
costs other restructuring, closures, and                           -          (2  )      (15  )                    2                 13
asset impairments other                                  15         (37  )      (41  )                   52                  4
operating income  $                  (115  )  $  (242  )  $  (163  )  $               127     $          (79  )
(loss)
equity earnings from joint                              -          20           -                     (20  )              20
venture(1)
non-operating pension and other                                 (62  )       48          14                    (110  )              34
postretirement benefit (costs)
credits interest income                        39          43          36                      (4  )               7
and other net contribution  $                  (138  )  $  (131  )  $  (113  )  $                (7  )  $          (18  )
to earnings
(1)2016 includes equity earnings from our timberland venture, which effective august
31, 2016, is consolidated as a wholly-owned subsidiary.
unallocated items in 2017 include:
an increase in expense related to "non-operating pension and other postretirement benefits (costs) credits"
•  due to a decrease in the expected return on our plan assets as well as an increase in the amortization of actuarial losses -$110 million;
•  a benefit in other primarily related to environmental remediation insurance recoveries received in 2017 -$42
million; and decreased charges recognized in2017related to our merger with plum creek (refer tonote 17: charges for
•  integration and restructuring, closures and asset impairmentsinnotes to consolidated financial statements) -
$112 million.
unallocated items in 2016 include:
•  charges recognized in2016related to our merger with plum creek (refer tonote 17: charges for integration and restructuring, closures and asset impairmentsinnotes to consolidated financial statements) -$146 million;
•  an increase in unallocated corporate function expenses primarily as a result of retaining costs allocated to our former cellulose fibers segment -$23 million; and
•  a gain related to the sale of our federal way, washington headquarters campus, which is recorded in "other operating costs (income), net" in ourconsolidated statement of operations- $36 million.
unallocated items in 2015 include:
$13 million noncash impairment charge recognized in first quarter 2015 related to a nonstrategic asset that was sold in second quarter 2015 which is recorded in "charges for integration and restructuring, closures
•  and asset impairments" in ourconsolidated statement of operations. seenote 17: charges for integration and restructuring, closures and asset impairmentsin thenotes to consolidated financial statementsfor more information.
•  $14 millionplum creek merger-related costs which are recorded in "charges for integration and restructuring, closures and asset impairments" in ourconsolidated statement of operations.
interest expense our net interest expense incurred for the last three years was:
•  $393 millionin2017,
•  $431 millionin2016and
•  $341 millionin2015.
the primary factor driving the $38 million decrease in interest expense in 2017 as compared to 2016 is the decrease in our average indebtedness throughout the year.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
46
table of contents income taxes as a reit, we generally are not subject to federal corporate level income taxes on reit taxable income that is distributed to shareholders. historical distributions to shareholders, including amounts and tax characteristics, for the years ended december 31 are summarized in the table below.
amounts per share  2017       2016       2015
───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
preference - capital gain distribution  $                     -    $  1.59    $  3.19
common - capital gain distribution      $                  1.25    $  1.24    $  1.20
the table below summarizes the items of tax preference for alternative minimum tax (amt) purposes which have been apportioned to shareholders for the years ended december 31.
amounts per share    2017         2016       2015
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
preference - amt  $                       -    $  0.0120    $  -
common - amt      $                  0.0097    $  0.0094    $  -
we are required to pay corporate income taxes on earnings of our trss, which includes our wood products segment and portions of our timberlands and real estate & enr segments' earnings. our provision for income taxes is primarily driven by earnings generated by our trss. overall performance results for our business segments can be found in results of operations/timberlands , results of operations/real estate, energy and natural resources , and results of operations/wood products .
on december 22, 2017, h.r. 1, commonly known as the tax cuts and jobs act (the "tax act"), was enacted. the tax act contains significant changes to corporate taxation, including the reduction of the corporate tax rate from 35
percent to 21 percent, increased deductions for capital spending and limitations on interest expense deductions.
the tax act does not affect our reit status or the provisions that allow us to pay capital gain dividends to our shareholders.
as a result of the reduction in the corporate tax rate, we have revalued our deferred tax assets and liabilities and have recorded a tax expense of $74 million during 2017, which reduced our net deferred tax asset.
for 2018, we expect our effective tax rate will be between 11 percent and 13 percent. the estimated range is based on current assumptions with respect to our earnings and the tax act. our actual effective tax rate in 2018 may differ. the reduced effective tax rate is expected to result in overall lower tax expense beginning in 2018.
our provision (benefit) for income taxes for our continuing operations over the last three years was:
•  $134 millionin2017,
•  $89 millionin2016and
•  $(58) millionin2015.
during 2017, we recorded a $22 million tax benefit related to the repatriation of canadian earnings.
during 2016, we recorded a $24 million tax charge related to the repatriation of canadian earnings.
during 2015, we recorded a $13 million tax benefit for the expiration of the company's built-in-gains tax period due to a change in tax law in the fourth quarter 2015.
see also note 20: income taxes in notes to consolidated financial statements , which outlines the major components related to our income tax provision.
liquidity and capital resources we are committed to maintaining an appropriate capital structure that enables us to:
•  protect the interests of our shareholders and lenders and
•  have access to major financial markets.
cash from operations consolidated net cash provided by our operations was:
•  $1,201 millionin2017,
•  $735 millionin2016(includes continuing and discontinued operations) and
•  $1,075 millionin2015(includes continuing and discontinued operations).
comparing
2017
with
2016
net cash provided by our operations increased $466 million , primarily due to:
•  increased cash flows from business segments of$499 million;
•  a decrease in cash paid for income taxes of$316 million, which is primarily attributable to taxes paid in connection with our divestitures of our former cellulose fibers businesses during 2016; and
•  a decrease in cash paid for interest of$65 millioncorresponding with our decreased average indebtedness during 2017 compared to 2016.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
47
table of contents these items were partially offset by:
•  decreased operating cash flows from discontinued operations of$196 million; and
•  an increase of $192 million in cash used for product remediation efforts (refer tonote 18: charges for product remediationin thenotes to consolidated financial statements).
also see performance measures for our adjusted ebitda by segment.
comparing
2016
with
2015
net cash provided by our continuing and discontinued operations decreased $340 million , primarily due to:
•  an increase in cash paid for income taxes of$471 millionlargely due to taxes paid in connection with our cellulose fibers businesses;
•  decreased operating cash flows from discontinued operations of$233 million;
•  an increase in cash paid for interest of$99 millioncorresponding with our increased average indebtedness;
and
•  cash payments made in2016related to the plum creek merger of$154 million, comprised of:
◦  termination benefits -$33 million;
◦  investment banking and other professional services fees -$52 million;
◦  settlement of value management awards -$6 million;
◦  pension and postretirement benefits -$38 million; and
◦  other merger-related costs -$14 million.
pension contributions and benefit payments made and expected during 2017 , we:
•  contributed$25 millionfor our canadian registered plan in accordance with minimum funding rules and respective provincial regulations;
•  contributed to or made benefit payments for our canadian nonregistered pension plans of$2 million;
•  made benefit payments of$31 millionfor our u.s. nonqualified pension plans; and
•  made benefit payments of$20 millionfor our u.s. and canadian other postretirement plans.
there was no minimum required contribution for our u.s. qualified plan for 2017 , nor were any contributions made to this plan in 2017 .
during 2018 , based on estimated year-end assets and projections of plan liabilities, we expect to:
•  be required to contribute approximately$23 millionfor our canadian registered plan;
•  be required to contribute or make benefit payments for our canadian nonregistered plans of$4 million;
•  make benefit payments of$19 millionfor our u.s. nonqualified pension plans; and
•  make benefit payments of$19 millionfor our u.s. and canadian other postretirement plans.
we do not anticipate being required to make a contribution to our u.s. qualified pension plan for 2018 .
investing in our business cash from investing activities includes:
•  acquisitions of property, equipment, timberlands and reforestation;
•  investments in or distribution from equity affiliates;
•  proceeds from sale of assets and operations; and
•  purchases and redemptions of short-term investments.
consolidated net cash provided by (used in) investing activities was:
•  $367 millionin2017,
•  $2,559 millionin2016(includes continuing and discontinued operations) and
•  $(487) millionin2015(includes continuing and discontinued operations).
comparing
2017
with
2016
net cash from investing activities decreased $2.2 billion primarily due to:
a $2.1 billion decrease in net proceeds from the disposition of discontinued and other operations, primarily attributable to the proceeds received from the divestitures of our cellulose fibers businesses in 2016 -
•  $2.5 billion - compared to the proceeds received for the divestiture of our uruguayan operations -$403
million (refer tonote 3: discontinued operations and other divestituresin thenotes to consolidated financial statementsfor further details);
a decrease of$440 millionin proceeds received for our contribution of timberlands to twin creeks venture in
•  2016 (refer tonote 8: related partiesin thenotes to consolidated financial statementsfor further details);
and
•  a decrease of $78 million in proceeds from sales of nonstrategic assets.
this activity was partially offset by:
$311 million in combined proceeds from the sale of land in our southern timberlands region to twin creeks as
•  well as the redemption of our ownership interest in twin creeks, both of which occurred during fourth quarter 2017 (refer tonote 8: related partiesin thenotes to consolidated financial statementsfor further details);
•  a$91 milliondecrease in capital expenditures primarily attributable to the divestiture of our cellulose fibers business in 2016.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
48
table of contents comparing
2016
with
2015
net cash from investing activities changed $3.0 billion to an inflow in 2016 as compared with an outflow in 2015, primarily due to:
•  net proceeds from the divestitures of our cellulose fibers businesses in 2016 -$2.5 billion;
•  proceeds received for our contribution of timberlands to the twin creeks venture in 2016 -$440 million;
•  proceeds from sales of nonstrategic assets -$104 million; and
•  distributions received from joint ventures during 2016 -$46 million.
three-year summary of capital spending by business segment dollar amounts in millions           2017       2016       2015
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
timberlands              $                   115    $   116    $    75
real estate & enr                              2          1          -
wood products                                299        297        287
unallocated items                              3         11          3
discontinued operations                        -         85        118
total                    $                   419    $   510    $   483
we expect our net capital expenditures for 2018 to be $420 million, which is comparable to 2017 capital spend. the amount we spend on capital expenditures could change due to:
•  future economic conditions,
•  environmental regulations,
•  changes in the composition of our business,
•  weather and
•  timing of equipment purchases.
financing cash from financing activities includes:
•  issuances and payments of debt,
•  borrowings and payments under revolving lines of credit,
•  proceeds from stock offerings and option exercises and
•  payments for cash dividends and repurchasing stock.
consolidated net cash used in financing activities was:
•  $1,420 millionin2017,
•  $3,630 millionin2016(includes continuing and discontinued operations) and
•  $1,156 millionin2015(includes continuing and discontinued operations).
comparing
2017
with
2016
net cash used in financing activities decreased $2,210 million in 2017 , primarily due to the following:
•  a decrease of $2,003 million related to cash used to repurchase common shares during 2016; and
•  a decrease of $1,592 million in cash used for payments on long-term debt.
this activity was partially offset by a $1,473 million decrease in cash received from the issuance of new long-term debt.
comparing
2016
with
2015
net cash used in financing activities increased $2,474 million in 2016 , primarily due to:
•  a$1,485 millionincrease in repurchase shares;
•  payment of$720 millionof the debt assumed in our merger with plum creek on the merger date; and
•  a$313 millionincrease in dividends paid to common shareholders.
long-term debt our consolidated long-term debt (including current portion) was:
•  $6.0 billionas ofdecember 31, 2017,
•  $6.6 billionas ofdecember 31, 2016, and
•  $4.8 billionas ofdecember 31, 2015.
the decrease in our long-term debt during 2017 is attributable to the following activity:
we prepaid a$550 millionvariable-rate term loan during july 2017, which was originally set to mature
•  in2020(2020 term loan). the 2020 term loan was prepaid using available cash of$325 millionas well as borrowing proceeds from a new$225 millionvariable-rate term loan set to mature in2026.
•  we paid our$281 million6.95 percentdebenture during august 2017.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
49
table of contents the increase in our long-term debt during 2016 is attributable to the following activity:
we assumed $3.4 billion of long-term debt during our merger with plum creek. immediately following the
•  merger, we paid$720 millionof the debt assumed. (refer tonote 4: merger with plum creekinnotes to consolidated financial statementsfor further information about our merger).
as part of our cellulose fibers pulp business divestiture, $88 million of long-term debt was assumed by
•  international paper. (refer tonote 3: discontinued operations and other divestituresinnotes to consolidated financial statementsfor further information about our cellulose fibers divestitures).
we have $62 million of long-term debt scheduled to mature during first quarter 2018.
see note 12: long-term debt in the notes to consolidated financial statements for more information about the long-
term debt discussed above.
refer to note 8: related parties in the notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding the nonrecourse debt held by our variable interest entities (vies).
2016 term loan payment and extinguishment during february 2016 , and subsequent to completion of the plum creek merger, we entered into a $600 million
18-month senior unsecured term loan maturing in august 2017 . borrowings were at libor plus 1.05 percent . the $600
million outstanding under this facility was repaid in full and terminated during fourth quarter 2016.
during march 2016 , we entered into a $1.9 billion 18-month senior unsecured term loan maturing in september 2017 .
borrowings were at libor plus 1.05 percent . the remaining $1.1 billion outstanding under this facility was repaid in full and terminated during fourth quarter 2016.
revolving credit facilities during march 2017 , we entered into a new $1.5 billion five-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility that expires in march 2022 . this replaced a $1 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility that was set to expire september 2018 . the entire amount is available to weyerhaeuser company. borrowings are at libor plus a spread or at other interest rates mutually agreed upon between the borrower and the lending banks. as of december
31, 2017 and december 31, 2016 , there were no borrowings outstanding under the facility and we were in compliance with the credit facility covenants.
debt covenants:
as of december 31, 2017 , weyerhaeuser company:
•  had no borrowings outstanding under our credit facility and
•  was in compliance with the credit facility covenants.
weyerhaeuser company covenants:
key covenants related to weyerhaeuser company include the requirement to maintain:
•  a minimum total adjusted shareholders' equity of $3.0 billion; and
•  a defined funded debt ratio of 65 percent or less.
weyerhaeuser company's total adjusted shareholders' equity is comprised of:
•  total weyerhaeuser shareholders' equity,
•  excluding accumulated comprehensive income (loss),
•  minus weyerhaeuser company's investment in our unrestricted subsidiaries.
total weyerhaeuser company capitalization is comprised of:
•  total weyerhaeuser company debt
•  plus total adjusted shareholders' equity.
as of december 31, 2017 , weyerhaeuser company had:
•  a defined total adjusted shareholders' equity of$10.4 billionand
•  a defined debt-to-total-capital ratio of36.65 percent.
debt agreements that were assumed by weyerhaeuser in the merger with plum creek were amended to materially conform key covenants with the covenants described above.
when calculating compliance in accordance with financial debt covenants as of december 31, 2016 , we excluded the impact of our pension and other postretirement plans recorded within cumulative other comprehensive income from adjusted shareholders' interest (equity). the excluded amount at december 31, 2016 , was $1,698 million , which is equal to the cumulative actuarial losses and prior service costs for our pension and postretirement plans. when calculating compliance in accordance with financial debt covenants as of december 31, 2017 , we excluded the full amount of cumulative other comprehensive loss of $1,562 million . see note 15: shareholders' interest in the notes to consolidated financial statements .
there are no other significant financial debt covenants related to our third-party debt. see note 11: lines of credit in the notes to consolidated financial statements for more information.
credit ratings upon completion of our merger with plum creek on february 19, 2016, s&p changed our long-term issuer credit ratings from bbb to bbb-. however, on may 9, 2017, s&p upgraded our long-term issuer credit ratings from bbb- back to bbb.
on april 14, 2015, moody's investors service upgraded our long-term issuer credit ratings from baa3 to baa2. there was no change to our moody's rating as a result of completing the merger with plum creek.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
50
table of contents option exercises our cash proceeds from the exercise of stock options were:
•  $128 millionin2017,
•  $61 millionin2016and
•  $34 millionin2015.
our average stock price was $33.61 , $30.01 and $31.67 in 2017 , 2016 and 2015 , respectively.
dividends we paid cash dividends on common shares of:
•  $941 millionin2017,
•  $932 millionin2016and
•  $619 millionin2015.
changes in the amount of dividends we paid were primarily due to:
•  an increase in our quarterly dividend from 31 cents per share to 32 cents per share in november 2017;
•  an increase in our quarterly dividend from 29 cents per share to 31 cents per share in august 2015; and an increase in the number of common shares outstanding during 2016, which was primarily attributable to
•  the278,886,704shares issued as consideration in our merger with plum creek on february 19, 2016, offset by our subsequent repurchase of67,816,810shares between march 2016 and july 2016.
we paid cash dividends on preference shares of $22 million in 2016 and $44 million in 2015 . as all preference shares were converted to common shares on july 1, 2016, we did not pay any cash dividends on preference shares during 2017 . see note 15: shareholders' interest in the notes to consolidated financial statements for more information.
our dividends declared on preference shares were 79.69 cents per share in:
•  february and may 2016; and
•  february, may, august and october 2015.
on february 9, 2018, our board of directors declared a dividend of 32 cents per share, payable on march 23, 2018, to shareholders of record at the close of business march 2, 2018.
stock repurchases on august 13, 2014, our board of directors approved a stock repurchase program under which we were authorized to repurchase up to $700 million of outstanding shares (the 2014 repurchase program). the 2014 repurchase program replaced the prior 2011 stock repurchase program. during 2014, we repurchased 6,062,993 shares of common stock for
$203 million under the 2014 repurchase program. during 2015 we completed the 2014 repurchase program by repurchasing 15,471,962 shares of common stock for $497 million . all common stock purchases under the stock repurchase program were made in open-market transactions.
on august 27, 2015, our board of directors approved a new share repurchase program of up to $500 million of outstanding shares (the 2015 repurchase program), commencing upon completion of the 2014 repurchase program. during
2015, we repurchased 717,464 shares of common stock for $22 million under the 2015 repurchase program. as of december 31, 2015, we had remaining authorization of $478 million for future stock repurchases. all common stock purchases under the stock repurchase program were made in open-market transactions.
the 2016 share repurchase authorization was approved in november 2015 by our board of directors and authorized management to repurchase up to $2.5 billion of outstanding shares subsequent to the closing of our merger with plum creek (the 2016 repurchase program). this new authorization replaced the august 2015 share repurchase authorization. during 2016, we repurchased 67,816,810 shares of common stock for $2 billion under the 2016
repurchase program. we did not repurchase any shares of common stock during 2017. as of december 31, 2017 , we had remaining authorization of $500 million for future stock repurchases. all common stock purchases under the stock repurchase program were made in open-market transactions. we had 755,223 thousand shares of common stock outstanding as of december 31, 2017 .
our contractual obligations and commercial commitments more details about our contractual obligations and commercial commitments are in note 9: pension and other postretirement benefit plans , note 12: long-term debt , note 14: legal proceedings, commitments and contingencies and note 20: income taxes in the notes to consolidated financial statements .
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
51
table of contents significant contractual obligations as of december 31, 2017
payments due by period dollar amounts in               less than                     1-3         3-5       more than millions            total          1 year                   years       years         5 years
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
long-term debt obligations, including         $                   5,956    $         62    $                500    $    719    $      4,675
current portion(1)(note
12)
interest(2)                           3,023             362                     678         586           1,397
operating lease                         324              40                      67          56             161
obligations purchase                                 53              50                       3           -               -
obligations(3)
employee-related                        416             140                      50          32              89
obligations(4)
liabilities related to unrecognized tax                          4               -                       -           -               -
benefits(note
20)(5)
total             $                   9,776    $        654    $              1,298    $  1,393    $      6,322
(1)   does not include nonrecourse debt held by our variable interest entities (vies).
seenote 8: related partiesin thenotes to consolidated financial statementsfor further information on our vies and the related nonrecourse debt.
(2)   amounts presented for interest payments assume that all long-term debt obligations outstanding as of december 31, 2017, will remain outstanding until maturity, and interest rates on variable-rate debt in effect as of december 31, 2017, will remain in effect until maturity.
(3)   purchase obligations include agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding on the company and that specify all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction.
purchase obligations exclude arrangements that the company can cancel without penalty.
(4)   the timing of certain of these payments will be triggered by retirements or other events.
these payments can include workers'
compensation, deferred compensation and banked vacation, among other obligations. when the timing of payment is uncertain, the amounts are included in the total column only.
minimum pension funding is required by established funding standards and estimates are not made beyond
2018. estimated payments of contractually obligated postretirement benefits are not included due to the uncertainty of payment timing.
(5)   we have recognized total liabilities related to unrecognized tax benefits of $4
million as of december 31, 2017.
the timing of payments related to these obligations is uncertain;
however, none of this amount is expected to be paid within the next year.
off-balance sheet arrangements off-balance sheet arrangements have not had - and are not reasonably likely to have - a material effect on our current or future financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. note 8: related parties and note 11:
lines of credit in the notes to consolidated financial statements contain our disclosures of:
•  surety bonds,
•  letters of credit and guarantees and
•  information regarding variable interest entities.
environmental matters, legal proceedings and other contingencies see note 14: legal proceedings, commitments and contingencies in the notes to consolidated financial statements .
accounting matters critical accounting policies in the preparation of our financial statements we follow established accounting policies and make estimates that affect both the amounts and timing of the recording of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. some of these estimates require judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain. accounting policies whose application may have a significant effect on the reported results of operations and financial position are considered critical accounting policies.
in accounting, we base our judgments and estimates on:
•  historical experience and
•  assumptions we believe are appropriate and reasonable under current circumstances.
actual results, however, may differ from the estimated amounts we have recorded.
our most critical accounting policies relate to our:
•  pension and postretirement benefit plans;
•  potential impairments of long-lived assets;
•  legal, environmental and product liability reserves;
•  timber depletion; and
•  business combinations.
details about our other significant accounting policies - what we use and how we estimate - are in note 1: summary of significant accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements .
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
52
table of contents pension and postretirement benefit plans we sponsor several pension and postretirement benefit plans for our employees. key assumptions we use in accounting for the plans include our:
•  expected long-term rate of return on plan assets and
•  discount rates.
at the end of every year, we review our assumptions with external advisers and make adjustments as appropriate. we use these assumptions to calculate liability information as of yearend and pension and post retirement expense for the following year. actual experience that differs from our assumptions or any changes in our assumptions could have a significant effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
other factors that affect our accounting for the plans include:
•  actual pension fund performance,
•  level of lump sum distributions,
•  plan changes and amendments,
•  portfolio changes and restructuring,
•  anticipated trends in health care costs,
•  assumed increases in salaries and
•  mortality rates.
this section provides more information about our:
•  expected long-term rate of return and
•  discount rates.
expected long-term rate of return on plan assets plan assets are assets of the pension plan trusts that fund the benefits provided under the pension plans. the expected long-term rate of return is our estimate of the long-term rate of return that our plan assets will earn.
our expected long-term rate of return is important in determining the net periodic benefit or cost we recognize for our plans.
over the 33 years it has been in place, our u.s. pension trust investment strategy has achieved a 13.7 percent net compound annual return rate.
after considering available information at the end of 2016, we determined that it was appropriate to reduce our assumption of long-term rate of return on plan assets used in determining net periodic benefit cost from 9.0
percent for the year ended december 31, 2016, to 8.0 percent for the year ended december 31, 2017. based on the information available at the end of 2017, we determined that it is appropriate to continue to use the 8.0 percent return on plan assets assumption during 2018.
factors we considered include:
•  the net compounded annual return of over8 percentachieved by our u.s. pension trust investment strategy the past 5 years and
•  current and expected valuation levels in the global equity and credit markets.
our expected long-term rate of return is important in determining the net periodic benefit or cost we recognize for our plans. every 50 basis point decrease in our expected long-term rate of return would increase expense or reduce a credit by approximately:
•  $22 million for our u.s. qualified pension plans and
•  $5 million for our canadian registered pension plans.
the actual return on plan assets in any given year may vary from our expected long-term rate of return. actual returns on plan assets affect the funded status of the plans. differences between actual returns on plan assets and the expected long-term rate of return are reflected as adjustments to cumulative other comprehensive income (loss), a component of total equity.
discount rates our discount rates as of december 31, 2017 , are:
•  3.7 percentfor our u.s. pension plans - compared with4.3 percentatdecember 31, 2016;
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
•  3.5 percentfor our u.s. postretirement plans - compared with3.7 percentatdecember 31, 2016;
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
•  3.5 percentfor our canadian pension plans - compared with3.7 percentatdecember 31, 2016; and
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
•  3.4 percentfor our canadian postretirement plans - compared with3.6 percentatdecember 31, 2016.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
we review our discount rates annually and revise them as needed. the discount rates are selected at the measurement date by matching current spot rates of high-quality corporate bonds with maturities similar to the timing of expected cash outflows for benefits.
pension and postretirement benefit expenses for 2018 will be based on the 3.7 percent and 3.5 percent assumed discount rates for u.s. plans and 3.5 percent and 3.4 percent assumed discount rates for the canadian plans.
our discount rates are important in determining the cost of our plans. a 50 basis point decrease in our discount rate would increase expense or reduce a credit by approximately:
•  $34 million for our u.s. qualified pension plans and
•  $4 million for our canadian registered pension plans.
long-lived assets we review the carrying value of our long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable through future operations. the carrying value is the amount assigned to long-lived assets in our financial statements.
an impairment occurs when the carrying value of long-lived assets will not be recovered from future cash flows and is more than fair market value. fair market value is the estimated amount we would receive if we were to sell the assets.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
53
table of contents in determining fair market value and whether impairment has occurred, we are required to estimate:
•  future cash flows,
•  residual values and
•  fair values of the assets.
key assumptions we use in developing the estimates include:
•  probability of alternative outcomes,
•  product pricing,
•  raw material costs,
•  product sales and
•  discount rate.
contingent liabilities we are subject to lawsuits, investigations and other claims related to environmental, product and other matters, and are required to assess the likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes to these matters, as well as potential ranges of probable losses.
we record contingent liabilities when:
•  it becomes probable that we will have to make payments and
•  the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated.
assessing probability of loss and estimating probable losses requires analysis of multiple factors, including:
•  historical experience,
•  evaluations of relevant legal and environmental regulations,
•  judgments about the potential actions of third party claimants and courts, and
•  consideration of potential environmental remediation methods.
in addition to contingent liabilities recorded for probable losses, we disclose contingent liabilities when there is a reasonable possibility that an ultimate loss may occur.
while we do our best in developing our projections, recorded contingent liabilities are based on the best information available and actual losses in any future period are inherently uncertain. if estimated probable future losses or actual losses exceed our recorded liability for such claims, we would record additional charges. these exposures and proceedings can be significant and the ultimate negative outcomes could be material to our operating results or cash flow in any given quarter or year. see note 14: legal proceedings, commitments and contingencies in the notes to consolidated financial statements for more information.
timber depletion we record depletion, the costs attributed to timber harvested, as trees are harvested.
to calculate our depletion rates, which are updated annually, we:
•  take the total carrying cost of the timber and
•  divide by the total timber volume estimated to be harvested during the harvest cycle.
estimating the volume of timber available for harvest over the harvest cycle requires consideration of the following factors:
•  effects of fertilizer and pesticide applications,
•  changes in environmental regulations and other regulatory restrictions,
•  limits on harvesting certain timberlands,
•  changes in harvest plans,
•  scientific advancement in seedling and growing technology; and
•  changes in weather patterns.
in addition, the duration of the harvest cycle varies by geographic region and species of timber.
depletion rate calculations do not include estimates for:
•  future silviculture or sustainable forest management costs associated with existing stands,
•  future reforestation costs associated with a stand's final harvest; and
•  future volume in connection with the replanting of a stand subsequent to its final harvest.
a 5 percent decrease in our estimate of future harvest volumes would have:
•  increased depletion expense by $12 million for2017and
•  increased depletion expense by $13 million for2016.
business combinations we recognize identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their acquisition date fair value. goodwill, if any, as of the acquisition date is measured as the excess of consideration transferred over the net of the acquisition date fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed. while we use our best estimates and assumptions for the purchase price allocation process to value assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date, our estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. as a result, during the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, we record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to any goodwill previously recorded (or to earnings in the event that no goodwill was previously recorded) to the extent that we identify adjustments to the preliminary purchase price allocation. beginning january 1, 2016, we adopted asu 2015-16, which eliminates the requirements to retrospectively apply measurement period adjustments to the preliminary purchase price allocation and revise comparative information on the income statement and balance sheet for any prior periods affected. we will recognize measurement period adjustments and any resulting effect on earnings during the period in which the adjustment is identified. upon the conclusion of the measurement period or final weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
54
table of contents determination of the values of assets acquired or liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to our consolidated statement of operations.
prospective accounting pronouncements a summary of prospective accounting pronouncements is in note 1: summary of significant accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements .
performance measures we use adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, depletion and amortization (adjusted ebitda) as a key performance measure to evaluate the performance of the consolidated company and our business segments. this measure should not be considered in isolation from and is not intended to represent an alternative to our results reported in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (u.s. gaap). however, we believe adjusted ebitda provides meaningful supplemental information for our investors about our operating performance, better facilitates period to period comparisons, and is widely used by analysts, lenders, rating agencies and other interested parties. our definition of adjusted ebitda may be different from similarly titled measures reported by other companies. adjusted ebitda, as we define it, is operating income from continuing operations adjusted for depreciation, depletion, amortization, basis of real estate sold, pension and postretirement costs not allocated to business segments (primarily interest cost, expected return on plan assets, amortization of actuarial loss and amortization of prior service cost/credit), and special items. adjusted ebitda excludes results from joint ventures.
adjusted ebitda by segment dollar amounts in millions            2017         2016         2015
──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
timberlands        $                    936     $    865     $    678
real estate & enr                       241          189           98
wood products                         1,017          641          372
2,194        1,695        1,148
unallocated items                      (114  )      (112  )      (123  )
total              $                  2,080     $  1,583     $  1,025
we reconcile adjusted ebitda to net earnings for the consolidated company and to operating income for the business segments, as those are the most directly comparable u.s. gaap measures for each.
the table below reconciles adjusted ebitda by segment to net earnings during the year ended 2017 :
dollar amounts in                       real estate               wood        unallocated millions      timberlands              & enr           products              items        total
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
net earnings                                                                           $    582
earnings from discontinued                                                                                  -
operations, net of taxes interest expense, net of                                                                                          393
capitalized interest income taxes                                                                                134
net contributi...  $                     532    $           146     $          569    $          (138  )  $  1,109
to earnings equity earnings                             -                 (1  )               -                  -           (1  )
from joint ventures non-operat...
pension and other postretire...                          -                  -                  -                 62           62
benefit costs
(credits)
interest income and                           -                  -                  -                (39  )       (39  )
other operating                          532                145                569               (115  )     1,131
income depreciati...
depletion                          356                 15                145                  5          521
and amortizati...
basis of real estate                          -                 81                  -                  -           81
sold unallocated pension                              -                  -                  -                  4            4
service costs special                             48                  -                303                 (8  )       343
items(1)(2...
adjusted     $                     936    $           241     $        1,017    $          (114  )  $  2,080
ebitda
(1)   pretax special items included in timberlands consists of:
a $147
million noncash impairment charge of the uruguayan operations a
$99 million gain on sale of land in our southern timberlands region.(2)
pretax special items included in wood products consists of:
$290 million charge for product remediation,
$7 million for countervail...
and antidumping duties on canadian softwood lumber that the company sold in the united states, and a $6 million impairment charge on a nonstrategic asset.(3)
pretax special items included in unallocated items consist of:
$42 million for environment...
remediation insurance recoveries and $34
million for plum creek merger-rela...
costs.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
55
table of contents the table below reconciles adjusted ebitda by segment to net earnings during the year ended 2016 :
dollar amounts in                       real estate               wood        unallocated millions      timberlands              & enr           products              items        total
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
net earnings                                                                           $  1,027
earnings from discontinued                                                                               (612  )
operations, net of taxes interest expense, net of                                                                                          431
capitalized interest income taxes                                                                                 89
net contributi...  $                     499    $            55     $          512    $          (131  )  $    935
to earnings equity earnings                             -                 (2  )               -                (20  )       (22  )
from joint ventures non-operat...
pension and other postretire...                          -                  -                  -                (48  )       (48  )
benefit costs
(credits)
interest income and                           -                  -                  -                (43  )       (43  )
other operating                          499                 53                512               (242  )       822
income depreciati...
depletion                          366                 13                129                  4          512
and amortizati...
basis of real estate                          -                109                  -                  -          109
sold unallocated pension                              -                  -                  -                  5            5
service costs special                              -                 14                  -                121          135
items(1)(2)
adjusted     $                     865    $           189     $          641    $          (112  )  $  1,583
ebitda
(1)
special items included in real estate
& enr relate to an asset impairment charge recorded for development projects.(2)
special items included in unallocated items consist of:
$146 million plum creek merger-rela...
costs, $36
million gain on sale of nonstrategic assets and
$11 million of legal expense.
the table below reconciles adjusted ebitda by segment to net earnings during the year ended 2015 :
dollar amounts in                       real estate               wood        unallocated millions      timberlands              & enr           products              items        total
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
net earnings                                                                           $    506
earnings from discontinued                                                                                (95  )
operations, net of taxes interest expense, net of                                                                                          341
capitalized interest income taxes                                                                                (58  )
net contributi...  $                     470    $            79    $           258    $          (113  )  $    694
to earnings equity earnings                             -                  -                  -                  -            -
from joint ventures non-operat...
pension and other postretire...                          -                  -                  -                (14  )       (14  )
benefit costs
(credits)
interest income and                           -                  -                  -                (36  )       (36  )
other operating                          470                 79                258               (163  )       644
income depreciati...
depletion                          208                  1                106                 10          325
and amortizati...
basis of real estate                          -                 18                  -                  -           18
sold unallocated pension                              -                  -                  -                  3            3
service costs special                              -                  -                  8                 27           35
items(1)(2)
adjusted     $                     678    $            98    $           372    $          (123  )  $  1,025
ebitda
(1)
special items included in wood products are pretax restructuri...
charges related to the closure of four distribution centers.
(2)
special items included in unallocated items consist of a
$13 million noncash impairment charge related to a nonstrategic asset that was sold in the second quarter and
$14 million of plum creek merger-rela...
costs.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
56
table of contents quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk long-term debt obligations the following summary of our long-term debt obligations includes:
•  scheduled principal repayments for the next five years and after,
•  weighted average interest rates for debt maturing in each of the next five years and after and
•  estimated fair values of outstanding obligations.
we estimate the fair value of long-term debt based on quoted market prices we received for the same types and issues of our debt or on the discounted value of the future cash flows using market yields for the same type and comparable issues of debt. changes in market rates of interest affect the fair value of our fixed-rate debt.
summary of long-term debt obligations as of december 31, 2017
dollar amoun...
in                                                                                                  fair milli...  2018        2019        2020        2021        2022        therea...        total...          value
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
fixe...  $         62     $   500     $  -        $   719                 $    4,450     $   5,731     $    6,823
debt aver...
inte...          7.00  %     7.38  %     -     %     5.56  %     -     %        6.38  %       6.37  %         n/a rate vari...  $          -     $     -     $  -        $     -     $  -        $      225     $     225     $      225
debt aver...
inte...             -  %        -  %     -     %        -  %     -     %        3.15  %       3.15  %         n/a rate
(1)
exclu...
$36
milli...
of unamo...
disco...
capit...
debt expen...
and fair value adjus...
(rela...
to plum creek merge...
(2)
does not inclu...
nonre...
debt held by our varia...
inter...
entit...
(vies...
seeno...
8:
relat...
parti...
theno...
to conso...
finan...
state...
furth...
infor...
on our vies and the relat...
nonre...
debt.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
57
table of contents financial statements and supplementary data report of independent registered public accounting firm to the shareholders and board of directors weyerhaeuser company:
opinion on the consolidated financial statements we have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of weyerhaeuser company and subsidiaries (the company)
as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three‐year period ended december 31, 2017, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). in our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the company as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three‐year period ended december
31, 2017, in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles.
we also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the public company accounting oversight board (united states) (pcaob), the company's internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2017, based on criteria established in internal control - integrated framework (2013) issued by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission, and our report dated february 16, 2018 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the company's internal control over financial reporting.
basis for opinion these consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the company's management. our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. we are a public accounting firm registered with the pcaob and are required to be independent with respect to the company in accordance with the u.s. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the securities and exchange commission and the pcaob.
we conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the pcaob. those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. we believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
/s/ kpmg llp we have served as the company's auditor since 2002.
seattle, washington february 16, 2018
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
58
table of contents consolidated statement of operations for the three-year period ended december 31, 2017
dollar amounts in millions, except per-share figures                      2017           2016           2015
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
net sales                          $                                     7,196     $    6,365     $    5,246
costs of products sold                                                   5,298          4,980          4,153
gross margin                                                             1,898          1,385          1,093
selling expenses                                                            87             89             99
general and administrative                                                 310            338            252
expenses research and development expenses                                           14             19             18
charges for integration and restructuring, closures and asset                                          194            170             39
impairments(note 17)
charges for product                                                        290              -              -
remediation(note 18)
other operating costs (income), net(note                                                                  (128  )         (53  )          41
19)
operating income                                                         1,131            822            644
equity earnings from joint ventures(note                                                                1             22              -
8)
non-operating pension and other postretirement benefit (costs)                                             (62  )          48             14
credits interest income and other                                                   39             43             36
interest expense, net of capitalized                                                               (393  )        (431  )        (341  )
interest earnings from continuing operations                                                                 716            504            353
before income taxes income taxes(note 20)                                                     (134  )         (89  )          58
earnings from continuing                                                   582            415            411
operations earnings from discontinued operations,                                                                  -            612             95
net of income taxes(note 3)
net earnings                                                               582          1,027            506
dividends on preference shares                                               -            (22  )         (44  )
net earnings attributable to       $                                       582     $    1,005     $      462
weyerhaeuser common shareholders basic earnings per share attributable to weyerhaeuser common shareholders(note
5):
continuing operations              $                                      0.77     $     0.55     $     0.71
discontinued operations                                                      -           0.85           0.18
net earnings per share             $                                      0.77     $     1.40     $     0.89
diluted earnings per share attributable to weyerhaeuser common shareholders(note
5):
continuing operations              $                                      0.77     $     0.55     $     0.71
discontinued operations                                                      -           0.84           0.18
net earnings per share             $                                      0.77     $     1.39     $     0.89
dividends paid per common share    $                                      1.25     $     1.24     $     1.20
weighted average shares outstanding (in thousands)(note 5):
basic                                                                  753,085        718,560        516,371
diluted                                                                756,666        722,401        519,618
see accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements .
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
59
table of contents consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the three-year period ended december 31, 2017
dollar amounts in comprehensive income:                     millions           2017         2016        2015
───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
net earnings                              $                   582     $  1,027     $   506
other comprehensive income (loss):
foreign currency translation adjustments                       32           25         (97  )
changes in unamortized net pension and other postretirement benefit gain
(loss), net of tax expense (benefit) of                      (132  )      (269  )      282
($2) in 2017, ($151) in 2016, and $131
in 2015
changes in unamortized prior service cost, net of tax benefit of $2 in 2017,                        (5  )        (4  )       (4  )
$0 in 2016 and $1 in 2015
unrealized gains on available-for-sale                          2            1           -
securities total comprehensive income                $                   479     $    780     $   687
see accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements .
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
60
table of contents consolidated balance sheet dollar amounts in millions current assets:                         assets                      december 31,2017        december 31,2016
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
cash and cash equivalents               $                                        824     $               676
receivables, less discounts and                                                  396                     390
allowances of $1 and $1
receivables for taxes                                                             14                      84
inventories(note 6)                                                              383                     358
prepaid expenses and other current                                                98                     114
assets total current assets                                                           1,715                   1,622
property and equipment, less accumulated                                                                    1,618                   1,562
depreciation of $3,338 and $3,306(note
7)
construction in progress                                                         225                     213
timber and timberlands at cost, less                                          12,954                  14,299
depletion minerals and mineral rights, less                                                308                     319
depletion investments in and advances to joint                                              31                      56
ventures(note 8)
goodwill                                                                          40                      40
deferred tax assets(note 20)                                                     268                     293
other assets                                                                     285                     224
restricted financial investments held by                                                                               615                     615
variable interest entities(note 8)
total assets                            $                                     18,059     $            19,243
liabilities and equity current liabilities:
current maturities of long-term debt    $                                         62     $               281
(notes 12and13)
current debt (nonrecourse to the company) held by variable interest                                               209                       -
entities(note 8)
accounts payable                                                                 249                     233
accrued liabilities(note 10)                                                     645                     692
total current liabilities                                                      1,165                   1,206
long-term debt (notes 12and13)                                                 5,930                   6,329
long-term debt (nonrecourse to the company) held by variable interest                                               302                     511
entities (note 8)
deferred pension and other                                                     1,487                   1,322
postretirement benefits(note 9)
deposit received from contribution of                                              -                     426
timberlands to related party(note 8)
other liabilities                                                                276                     269
commitments and contingencies(note 14)
total liabilities                                                              9,160                  10,063
equity:
weyerhaeuser shareholders' interest
(notes 15and16):
common shares:
$1.25 par value; authorized
1,360,000,000 shares; issued and                                                 944                     936
outstanding:
755,222,727 and 748,528,131 shares, other capital                                                                  8,439                   8,282
retained earnings                                                              1,078                   1,421
cumulative other comprehensive loss                                           (1,562  )               (1,459  )
total equity                                                                   8,899                   9,180
total liabilities and equity            $                                     18,059     $            19,243
see accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements .
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
61
table of contents consolidated statement of cash flows for the three-year period ended december 31, 2017
dollar amounts in cash flows from operations:               millions             2017          2016          2015
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
net earnings                              $                     582     $   1,027     $     506
noncash charges (credits) to income:
depreciation, depletion and amortization                        521           565           479
basis of real estate sold                                        81           109            18
deferred income taxes, net                                       44          (159  )          -
pension and other postretirement                                 97             5            42
benefits share-based compensation expense(note                            40            60            31
16)
charges for impairment of assets                                154            37            15
equity (earnings) loss from joint                                (1  )        (18  )        105
ventures(note 8)
net gains on disposition of discontinued                         (1  )       (789  )          -
and other operations(note 3)
net gains on sale of nonstrategic assets                        (16  )        (73  )        (38  )
net gains on sale of southern                                   (99  )          -             -
timberlands(note 8)
foreign exchange transaction (gains)                             (1  )         (5  )         47
losses(note 19)
change in, net of acquisition:
receivables less allowances                                     (35  )        (54  )         17
receivable / payable for taxes                                  (50  )        106            (5  )
inventories                                                     (39  )         61            10
prepaid expenses                                                (12  )          5             3
accounts payable and accrued liabilities                        106            11           (35  )
pension and postretirement contributions                        (78  )        (99  )        (83  )
/ benefit payments distributions of earnings received from                           1            14            15
joint ventures(note 8)
other                                                           (93  )        (68  )        (52  )
net cash from operations                                      1,201           735         1,075
cash flows from investing activities:
capital expenditures for property and                          (358  )       (451  )       (443  )
equipment capital expenditures for timberlands                            (61  )        (59  )        (40  )
reforestation acquisition of timberlands                                        -           (10  )        (36  )
proceeds from disposition of discontinued and other operations(note                          403         2,486             -
3)
proceeds from sale of nonstrategic                               26           104            19
assets proceeds from sale of southern                                  203             -             -
timberlands(note 8)
proceeds from redemption of ownership in                        108             -             -
related party(note 8)
proceeds from contribution of                                     -           440             -
timberlands to related party(note 8)
distributions of investment received                             25            46             -
from joint ventures(note 8)
other                                                            21             3            13
net cash from investing activities                              367         2,559          (487  )
cash flows from financing activities:
cash dividends on common shares                                (941  )       (932  )       (619  )
cash dividends on preference shares                               -           (22  )        (44  )
proceeds from issuance of long-term                             225         1,698             -
debt(note 12)
payments on long-term debt(note 12)                            (831  )     (2,423  )          -
proceeds from borrowings on line of                             100             -             -
credit(note 11)
payments on line of credit(note 11)                            (100  )          -             -
proceeds from exercise of stock options                         128            61            34
repurchase of common stock                                        -        (2,003  )       (518  )
other                                                            (1  )         (9  )         (9  )
net cash from financing activities                           (1,420  )     (3,630  )     (1,156  )
net change in cash and cash equivalents   $                     148     $    (336  )  $    (568  )
cash and cash equivalents from continuing operations at beginning of     $                     676     $   1,011     $   1,577
year cash and cash equivalents from discontinued operations at beginning of                           -             1             3
year cash and cash equivalents at beginning    $                     676     $   1,012     $   1,580
of year cash and cash equivalents from            $                     824     $     676     $   1,011
continuing operations at end of year cash and cash equivalents from                                    -             -             1
discontinued operations at end of year cash and cash equivalents at end of year  $                     824     $     676     $   1,012
cash paid (received) during the year for:
interest, net of amounts capitalized of   $                     381     $     446     $     347
$9 in 2017, $8 in 2016 and $7 in 2015
income taxes                              $                     169     $     485     $      14
see accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements .
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
62
table of contents consolidated statement of changes in equity for the three-year period ended december 31, 2017
mandatory convertible preference shares, series a:                                 dollar amounts in millions             2017          2016          2015
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
balance at beginning of year              $                       -     $      14     $      14
conversion to common shares(note 15)                              -           (14  )          -
balance at end of year                    $                       -     $       -     $      14
common shares:
balance at beginning of year              $                     936     $     638     $     656
preference shares converted to common                             -            29             -
shares(note 15)
issued for exercise of stock options                              7             3             2
repurchases of common shares(note 15)                             -           (85  )        (20  )
release of vested restricted stock units                          1             2             -
plum creek acquisition                                            -           349             -
balance at end of year                    $                     944     $     936     $     638
other capital:
balance at beginning of year              $                   8,282     $   4,080     $   4,519
issued for exercise of stock options                            128            61            32
repurchase of common shares(note 15)                              -        (1,918  )       (498  )
share-based compensation                                         35            35            32
plum creek acquisition                                            -         6,046             -
other transactions, net                                          (6  )        (22  )         (5  )
balance at end of year                    $                   8,439     $   8,282     $   4,080
retained earnings:
balance at beginning of year              $                   1,421     $   1,349     $   1,508
net earnings                                                    582         1,027           506
dividends on common shares                                     (944  )       (933  )       (621  )
adjustments related to new accounting                            19             -             -
pronouncements(note 1)
cash dividends on preference shares                               -           (22  )        (44  )
balance at end of year                    $                   1,078     $   1,421     $   1,349
cumulative other comprehensive loss:
balance at beginning of year              $                  (1,459  )  $  (1,212  )  $  (1,393  )
annual changes - net of tax:
foreign currency translation adjustments                         32            25           (97  )
changes in unamortized net pension and other postretirement benefit gain                              (132  )       (269  )        282
(loss)(note 9)
changes in unamortized prior service                             (5  )         (4  )         (4  )
credit (cost)(note 9)
unrealized gains on available-for-sale                            2             1             -
securities balance at end of year                    $                  (1,562  )  $  (1,459  )  $  (1,212  )
total equity:
balance at end of year                    $                   8,899     $   9,180     $   4,869
see accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements .
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
63
table of contents index for notes to consolidated financial statements note 1:   summary of significant accounting policies                                  65
note 2:   business segments                                                           70
note 3:   discontinued operations and other divestitures                              72
note 4:   merger with plum creek                                                      73
note 5:   net earnings per share                                                      74
note 6:   inventories                                                                 75
note 7:   property and equipment                                                      76
note 8:   related parties                                                             76
note 9:   pension and other postretirement benefit plans                              78
note 10:  accrued liabilities                                                         87
note 11:  lines of credit                                                             87
note 12:  long-term debt                                                              87
note 13:  fair value of financial instruments                                         89
note 14:  legal proceedings, commitments and contingencies                            90
note 15:  shareholders' interest                                                      92
note 16:  share-based compensation                                                    94
note 17:  charges for integration and restructuring, closures and asset impairments  101
note 18:  charges for product remediation                                            102
note 19:  other operating costs (income), net                                        102
note 20:  income taxes                                                               102
note 21:  geographic areas                                                           105
note 22:  selected quarterly financial information (unaudited)                       106
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
64
table of contents notes to consolidated financial statements note 1:
summary of significant accounting policies our significant accounting policies describe:
•  our election to be taxed as a real estate investment trust,
•  how we report our results,
•  changes in how we report our results and
•  how we account for various items.
our election to be taxed as a real estate investment trust (reit)
starting with our 2010 fiscal year, we elected to be taxed as a reit. reit income can be distributed to shareholders without first paying corporate level tax, substantially eliminating the double taxation on income. we expect to derive most of our reit income from investments in timberlands, including the sale of standing timber through pay-as-cut sales contracts and lump sum timber deeds.
we were no longer subject to the reit built-in gains tax as of december 31, 2014. our built-in gains tax period expired in 2015 due to a change in u.s. tax law that statutorily shortened the built-in gains tax period to 5 years from 10 years. this means we are no longer subject to federal corporate level income taxes on sales of reit property that had a fair market value in excess of tax basis when we converted to a reit on january 1, 2010. we continue to be required to pay federal corporate income taxes on earnings of our taxable reit subsidiary (trs), which includes our wood products segment and portions of our timberlands and real estate, energy and natural resources (real estate & enr) segments.
how we report our results our report includes:
•  consolidated financial statements,
•  our business segments,
•  foreign currency translation,
•  estimates, and
•  fair value measurements.
consolidated financial statements our consolidated financial statements provide an overall view of our results and financial condition. they include our accounts and the accounts of entities that we control, including:
•  majority-owned domestic and foreign subsidiaries and
•  variable interest entities in which we are the primary beneficiary.
they do not include our intercompany transactions and accounts, which are eliminated, and noncontrolling interests are presented as a separate component of equity.
we account for investments in and advances to unconsolidated equity affiliates using the equity method. we record our share of equity in net earnings of equity affiliates within "equity earnings from joint ventures" in our consolidated statement of operations in the period in which the earnings are recorded by our equity affiliates.
throughout these notes to consolidated financial statements, unless specified otherwise, references to
"weyerhaeuser," "the company," "we" and "our" refer to the consolidated company.
our business segments reportable business segments are determined based on the company's "management approach," as defined by financial accounting standards board (fasb) asc 280, "segment reporting." the management approach is based on the way the chief operating decision maker organizes the segments within a company for making decisions about resources to be allocated and assessing their performance.
during fiscal year 2016, the company's chief operating decision maker changed the information regularly reviewed when making decisions to allocate resources and assess performance. since this change, the company reports its financial performance based on three business segments: timberlands, real estate & enr, and wood products. prior to revising our segment structure, activities related to the real estate & enr business segment were reported as part of the timberlands business segment.
amounts for all periods presented have been reclassified throughout the consolidated financial statements and disclosures to conform to the new segment structure.
we are principally engaged in:
•  growing and harvesting timber;
•  manufacturing, distributing and selling products made from trees;
•  maximizing the value of every acre we own through the sale of higher and better use (hbu) properties; and
•  monetizing reserves of minerals, oil, gas, coal, and other natural resources on our timberlands.
our business segments are organized based primarily on products and services.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
65
table of contents our business segments and products segment            products and services timberlands        logs, timber, and leased recreational access sales of timberlands; rights to explore for and extract hard minerals, construction real estate & enr  materials, oil and gas production, wind and coal; and equity interests in our real estate development ventures wood products      softwood lumber, engineered wood products, structural panels, medium density fiberboard and building materials distribution we also transfer raw materials, semi-finished materials and end products among our business segments. because of this intracompany activity, accounting for our business segments involves:
•  pricing products transferred between our business segments at current market values and
•  allocating joint conversion and common facility costs according to usage by our business segment product lines.
gains or charges not related to or allocated to an individual operating segment are held in unallocated items. this includes a portion of items such as: share-based compensation; pension and postretirement costs; foreign exchange transaction gains and losses associated with financing; the elimination of intersegment profit in inventory and the lifo reserve.
foreign currency translation local currencies are the functional currencies for most of our operations outside the u.s. we translate foreign currencies into u.s. dollars in two ways:
•  assets and liabilities - at the exchange rates in effect as of our balance sheet date; and
•  revenues and expenses - at average monthly exchange rates throughout the year.
estimates we prepare our financial statements according to u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (u.s. gaap). this requires us to make estimates and assumptions during our reporting periods and at the date of our financial statements. the estimates and assumptions affect our:
•  reported amounts of assets, liabilities and equity;
•  disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities; and
•  reported amounts of revenues and expenses.
while we do our best in preparing these estimates, actual results can and do differ from those estimates and assumptions.
fair value measurements we use a fair value hierarchy in accounting for certain nonfinancial assets and liabilities including:
•  long-lived assets (asset groups) measured at fair value for an impairment assessment;
•  reporting units measured at fair value in the first step of a goodwill impairment test;
•  nonfinancial assets and nonfinancial liabilities measured at fair value in the second step of a goodwill impairment assessment;
•  assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business acquisition; and
•  asset retirement obligations initially measured at fair value.
the fair value hierarchy is based on inputs to valuation techniques that are used to measure fair value that are either observable or unobservable. observable inputs reflect assumptions market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability based on market data obtained from independent sources while unobservable inputs reflect a reporting entity's pricing based upon its own market assumptions.
the fair value hierarchy consists of the following three levels:
•  level 1 - inputs are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
•  level 2 - inputs are:
- quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in an active market;
- quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; or
- inputs other than quoted prices that are observable and market-corroborated inputs, which are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data.
•  level 3 - inputs are derived from valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs or value drivers are unobservable.
changes in how we report our results changes in how we report our results come from:
•  reclassification of certain balances and results from prior years to make them consistent with our current reporting and
•  accounting changes made upon our adoption of new accounting guidance reclassifications we have reclassified certain balances and results from the prior year to be consistent with our 2017 reporting.
this makes year-to-year comparisons easier. our reclassifications had no effect on consolidated net earnings or equity. our reclassifications present the adoption of new accounting pronouncements on our consolidated statement of operations and in the related footnotes. refer to discussion of new accounting pronouncements below.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
66
table of contents new accounting pronouncements revenue recognition in may 2014, the fasb issued accounting standards update (asu) 2014-09, a comprehensive new revenue recognition model that requires an entity to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers at an amount that reflects the consideration it expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. in august
2015, fasb issued asu 2015-14, which deferred the effective date for an additional year. in march 2016, fasb issued asu 2016-08, which does not change the core principle of the guidance; however, it does clarify the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations. in april 2016, fasb issued asu 2016-10, which clarifies two aspects of asu 2014-09: identifying performance obligations and the licensing implementation guidance. in may 2016, fasb issued asu 2016-12, which amends asu 2014-09 to provide improvements and practical expedients to the new revenue recognition model. in december 2016, the fasb issued asu 2016-20, which amends asu 2014-09 for technical corrections and to correct for unintended application of the guidance. in february 2017, fasb issued asu 2017-05, which clarifies the scope of asc 610-20 and impacts accounting for partial sales of nonfinancial assets.
we have adopted and implemented the new revenue recognition guidance effective january 1, 2018. the new standard is required to be applied retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented (full retrospective transition method) or retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially applying it recognized at the date of initial application (cumulative effect method). we have adopted using the cumulative effect method. the adoption of the new revenue recognition guidance will not materially impact our consolidated statement of operations , consolidated balance sheet , or consolidated statement of cash flows . we plan to add expanded disclosures, beginning in first quarter 2018.
inventory valuation methods in july 2015, fasb issued asu 2015-11, which simplifies the measurement of inventories valued under most methods, including our inventories valued under fifo - the first-in, first-out - and moving average cost methods.
inventories valued under lifo - the last-in, first-out method - are excluded. under this new guidance, inventories valued under these methods would be valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value, with net realizable value defined as the estimated selling price less reasonable costs to sell the inventory. the new guidance is effective prospectively for fiscal periods starting after december 15, 2016, and early adoption is permitted. we adopted on january 1, 2017, and determined this pronouncement does not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.
lease recognition in february 2016, fasb issued asu 2016-02, which requires lessees to recognize assets and liabilities for the rights and obligations created by those leases and requires both capital and operating leases to be recognized on the balance sheet. the new guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after december 15, 2018, and early adoption is permitted. we expect to adopt on january 1, 2019. we are still evaluating certain aspects of the revised guidance and subsequent revisions either made or being contemplated by the fasb, including application of the available practical expedients. we expect adoption to result in the recognition of the present value of the future commitments on operating leases disclosed in note 14: legal proceedings, commitments and contingencies on our consolidated balance sheet .
intra-entity transfers (other than inventory)
in october 2016, fasb issued asu 2016-16, which requires immediate recognition of the income tax consequences upon intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory. the new guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after december 15, 2017, and early adoption is permitted. we adopted this accounting standard update on january 1,
2017. as a result of this adoption, our opening balance sheet was adjusted through "retained earnings" by $19
million for prior period intra-entity transfers. adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our consolidated statement of cash flows or consolidated statement of operations .
pension and other post retirement benefit (costs)/credits in march 2017, fasb issued asu 2017-07, which requires that an employer report the service cost component of pension and other postretirement benefit costs in the consolidated statement of operations in the same line item or items as other compensation costs arising from services rendered by the pertinent employees. this requirement is consistent with how we have historically presented our pension service costs. the other requirement of asu 2017-07
is to present the remaining components of pension and other postretirement benefit costs (i.e., interest, expected return on plan assets, amortization of actuarial gains or losses, and amortization of prior service credits or costs) in the consolidated statement of operations separately from the service cost component and outside a subtotal of income from operations. the new guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after december 15,
2017, and early adoption is permitted. we adopted this accounting standard as of january 1, 2017. as a result, we reclassified amounts related to other components of pension and other postretirement benefit costs from their prior financial statements captions ("costs of products sold," "general and administrative expenses," and "other operating costs (income), net") into a new financial statement caption titled "non-operating pension and other postretirement benefit (costs) credits" in our consolidated statement of operations . the adoption of asu 2017-07
did not impact "net earnings," nor did it impact our consolidated balance sheet .
reclassification of certain tax effects from accumulated other comprehensive income in february 2018, fasb issued asu 2018-02, which allows for the reclassification of certain income tax effects related to the tax cuts and jobs act between "accumulated other comprehensive income" and "retained earnings." this asu relates to the requirement that adjustments to deferred tax liabilities and assets related to a change in tax laws or rates to be included in "income from continuing operations", even in situations where the related items were originally recognized in "other comprehensive income" (rather than in "income from continuing operations").
the amendments in this asu are effective for all entities for fiscal years beginning after december 15, 2018, and interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. adoption of this asu is to be applied either in the period of adoption or retrospectively to each period in which the effect of the change in the tax laws or rates were recognized. we are still evaluating certain aspects of this asu as well as the related impacts it may have on our financial statements.
how we account for various items this section provides information about how we account for certain key items related to:
•  capital investments,
•  financing our business and
•  operations.
items related to capital investments key items related to accounting for capital investments pertain to property and equipment, timber and timberlands, impairment of long-lived assets and goodwill.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
67
table of contents property and equipment we maintain property accounts on an individual asset basis. here is how we handle major items:
•  improvements to and replacements of major units of property are capitalized.
•  maintenance, repairs and minor replacements are expensed.
•  depreciation is calculated using a straight-line method at rates based on estimated service lives.
•  we capitalize costs associated with logging roads that we intend to utilize for a period longer than one year. these roads are then amortized over an estimated service life.
•  cost and accumulated depreciation of property sold or retired are removed from the accounts and the gain or loss is included in earnings.
timber and timberlands we carry timber and timberlands at cost less depletion. depletion refers to the carrying value of timber that is harvested, lost as a result of casualty, or sold.
key activities affecting how we account for timber and timberlands include:
•  reforestation,
•  depletion and
•  forest management in canada.
reforestation.
generally, we capitalize initial site preparation and planting costs as reforestation. generally, we expense costs after the first planting as they are incurred or over the period of expected benefit. these costs include:
•  fertilization,
•  vegetation and insect control,
•  pruning and precommercial thinning,
•  property taxes, and
•  interest.
accounting practices for these costs do not change when timber becomes merchantable and harvesting starts.
timber depletion.
to determine depletion rates, we divide the net carrying value of timber by the related volume of timber estimated to be available over the growth cycle. to determine the growth cycle volume of timber, we consider:
•  regulatory and environmental constraints,
•  our management strategies,
•  inventory data improvements,
•  growth rate revisions and recalibrations and
•  known dispositions and inoperable acres.
we include the cost of timber harvested in the carrying values of raw materials and product inventories. as these inventories are sold to third parties, we include them in the cost of products sold.
forest management in canada.
we manage timberlands under long-term licenses in various canadian provinces that are:
•  granted by the provincial governments;
•  granted for initial periods of15to25years; and
•  renewable provided we meet reforestation, operating and management guidelines.
calculation of the fees we pay on the timber we harvest:
•  varies from province to province,
•  is tied to product market pricing and
•  depends upon the allocation of land management responsibilities in the license.
impairment of long-lived assets we review long-lived assets - including certain identifiable intangibles - for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable. impaired assets held for use are written down to fair value. impaired assets held for sale are written down to fair value less cost to sell. we determine fair value based on:
•  appraisals,
•  market pricing of comparable assets,
•  discounted value of estimated cash flows from the asset and
•  replacement values of comparable assets.
goodwill goodwill is the purchase price minus the fair value of net assets acquired when we buy another entity. we assess goodwill for impairment:
•  using a fair-value-based approach and
•  at least annually - at the beginning of the fourth quarter.
in 2017 , the fair value of the reporting unit with goodwill substantially exceeded its carrying value.
items related to financing our business key items related to financing our business include financial instruments, cash and cash equivalents, accounts payable and concentration of risk.
financial instruments we estimate the fair value of financial instruments where appropriate. the assumptions we use - including the discount rate and estimates of cash flows - can significantly affect our fair-value amounts. our fair values are estimates and may not match the amounts we would realize upon sale or settlement of our financial positions.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
68
table of contents cash equivalents cash equivalents are investments with original maturities of 90 days or less. we state cash equivalents at cost, which approximates market.
accounts payable our banking system replenishes our major bank accounts daily as checks we have issued are presented for payment. as a result, we may have negative book cash balances due to outstanding checks that have not yet been paid by the bank. these negative balances would be included in "accounts payable" on our consolidated balance sheet . changes in these negative cash balances would be reported as financing activities in our consolidated statement of cash flows . we had no negative book cash balances as of december 31, 2017 , and december 31, 2016 .
concentration of risk we disclose customers that represent a concentration of risk. as of december 31, 2017 , and december 31, 2016 , no customer accounted for 10 percent or more of our net sales.
items related to operations key items related to operations include revenue recognition, inventories, shipping and handling costs, income taxes, share-based compensation, pension and other postretirement plans, and environmental remediation.
revenue recognition operations recognizes revenue when title and the risk of loss transfers to the customer, in general this is upon shipment to customers. for certain export sales, revenue is recognized when title transfers at the foreign port.
for timberland sales, we recognize revenue when title and possession have been transferred to the buyer and all other criteria for sale and profit recognition have been satisfied.
inventories we state inventories at the lower of cost or net realizable value. cost includes labor, materials and production overhead. lifo - the last-in, first-out method - applies to major inventory products held at our u.s. domestic locations. we began to use the lifo method for domestic products in the 1940s as required to conform with the tax method elected. subsequent acquisitions of entities added new products under the fifo - the first-in, first-out method - or moving average cost methods that have continued under those methods. the fifo or moving average cost methods applies to the balance of our domestic raw material and product inventories as well as for all material and supply inventories and all foreign inventories.
shipping and handling costs we classify shipping and handling costs in "costs of products sold" on our consolidated statement of operations .
income taxes we account for income taxes under the asset and liability method. unrecognized tax benefits represent potential future funding obligations to taxing authorities if uncertain tax positions the company has taken on previously filed tax returns are not sustained. in accordance with the company's accounting policy, accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are recognized as a component of income tax expense.
we recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities to reflect:
•  future tax consequences due to differences between the carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes and the tax bases of certain items and
•  operating loss and tax credit carryforwards.
to measure deferred tax assets and liabilities, we:
•  determine when the differences between the carrying amounts and tax bases of affected items are expected to be recovered or resolved and
•  use enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in those years.
share-based compensation we generally measure the fair value of share-based awards on the dates they are granted or modified. these measurements establish the cost of the share-based awards for accounting purposes. we then recognize the cost of share-based awards in our consolidated statement of operations over each employee's required service period. note
16: share-based compensation provides more information about our share-based compensation.
pension and other postretirement benefit plans we recognize the overfunded or underfunded status of our defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans on our consolidated balance sheet and recognize changes in the funded status through comprehensive income (loss) in the year in which the changes occur.
actuarial valuations determine the amount of the pension and other postretirement benefit obligations and the net periodic benefit cost we recognize. the net periodic benefit cost includes:
•  cost of benefits provided in exchange for employees' services rendered during the year;
•  interest cost of the obligations;
•  expected long-term return on plan assets;
•  gains or losses on plan settlements and curtailments;
amortization of prior service costs and plan amendments over the average remaining service period of the
•  active employee group covered by the plans or the average remaining life expectancy in situations where the plan participants affected by the plan amendment are inactive; and amortization of cumulative unrecognized net actuarial gains and losses - generally in excess of 10 percent
•  of the greater of the benefit obligation or market-related value of plan assets at the beginning of the year
- over the average remaining service period of the active employee group covered by the plans or the average remaining life expectancy in situations where the plan participants are inactive.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
69
table of contents pension plans.
we have pension plans covering most of our employees. determination of benefits differs for salaried, hourly and union employees:
•  salaried employee benefits are based on each employee's highest monthly earnings for five consecutive years during the final 10 years before retirement.
•  hourly and union employee benefits generally are stated amounts for each year of service.
•  union employee benefits are set through collective-bargaining agreements.
we contribute to our u.s. and canadian pension plans according to established funding standards. the funding standards for the plans are:
•  u.s. pension plans - according to the employee retirement income security act of 1974; and
•  canadian pension plans - according to the applicable provincial pension act and the income tax act.
postretirement benefits other than pensions.
we provide certain postretirement health care and life insurance benefits for some retired employees. in some cases, we pay a portion of the cost of the benefit. note 9: pension and other postretirement benefit plans provides additional information about changes made in our postretirement benefit plans during 2017 and 2016 .
environmental remediation we accrue losses associated with environmental remediation obligations when such losses are probable and reasonably estimable. future expenditures for environmental remediation obligations are not discounted to their present value.
recoveries of environmental remediation costs from other parties are recorded as assets when the recovery is deemed probable and does not exceed the amount of losses previously recorded.
note 2:
business segments our business segments and how we account for those segments are discussed in note 1: summary of significant accounting policies . this note provides key financial data by business segment.
key financial data by business segment sales and contribution (charge) to earnings dollar amounts in millions                                                                unallocated sales to                                                                items(2)and unaffiliated                      real estate&                          intersegment customers      timberlands              enr(1)       woodproducts       eliminations         consolidated
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
2017  $                    1,942    $            280    $         4,974    $  -                 $         7,196
2016  $                    1,805    $            226    $         4,334    $  -                 $         6,365
2015  $                    1,273    $            101    $         3,872    $  -                 $         5,246
intersegment sales
2017  $                      762    $              1    $             -    $  (763           )  $             -
2016  $                      840    $              1    $            68    $  (909           )  $             -
2015  $                      830    $              -    $            82    $  (912           )  $             -
contribution
(charge) to earnings from continuing operations
2017  $                      532    $            146    $           569    $  (138           )  $         1,109
2016  $                      499    $             55    $           512    $  (131           )  $           935
2015  $                      470    $             79    $           258    $  (113           )  $           694
(1)   the real estate &
enr segment includes the equity earnings from, investments in and advances to our real estate development ventures (as defined and described innote 8:
related parties), which are accounted for under the equity method.
(2)
unallocated items are gains or charges not related to or allocated to an individual operating segment. they include a portion of items such as:
share-based compensation, pension and postretireme...
costs, foreign exchange transaction gains and losses associated with financing, equity earnings from our timberland venture (as defined and described innote 8:
related parties), the elimination of intersegment profit in inventory and the lifo reserve. as a result of reclassifying our former cellulose fibers segment as discontinued operations, unallocated items also includes retained indirect corporate overhead costs previously allocated to the former segment.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
70
table of contents management evaluates segment performance based on the contributions to earnings of the respective segments. an analysis and reconciliation of our business segment information to the consolidated financial statements follows:
reconciliation of contribution to earnings to net earnings dollar amounts in millions               2017         2016        2015
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
net contribution to earnings from     $                                       1,109     $    935     $   694
continuing operations net contribution to earnings from                                                 -          957         156
discontinued operations total contribution to earnings                                                1,109        1,892         850
interest expense, net of capitalized                                           (393  )      (436  )     (347  )
interest(1)
income before income taxes(1)                                                   716        1,456         503
income taxes(1)                                                                (134  )      (429  )        3
net earnings                          $                                         582     $  1,027     $   506
(1)    results shown for 2016 and 2015
include amounts for both continuing and discontinued operations. refer tonote 3: discontinued operations and other divestituresfor further information.
additional financial information dollar amounts in millions depreciatio...
depletion and                             real estate &               wood       unallocated amortization  timberlands                 enr           products             items        consolidated
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
2017  $                     356    $             15    $           145    $            5     $           521
2016  $                     366    $             13    $           129    $            4     $           512
2015  $                     208    $              1    $           106    $           10     $           325
net pension and postretirem...
cost
(credit)(1)
2017  $                       7    $              1    $            23    $           66     $            97
2016  $                       8    $              -    $            22    $          (43  )  $           (13  )
2015  $                       9    $              -    $            27    $          (11  )  $            25
charges for integration and restructuri...
closures and asset impairments...
2017  $                     147    $              -    $            13    $           34     $           194
2016  $                       -    $             15    $             7    $          148     $           170
2015  $                       -    $              -    $            10    $           29     $            39
equity earnings
(loss) from joint ventures
2017  $                       -    $              1    $             -    $            -     $             1
2016  $                       -    $              2    $             -    $           20     $            22
2015  $                       -    $              -    $             -    $            -     $             -
capital expenditures
2017  $                     115    $              2    $           299    $            3     $           419
2016  $                     116    $              1    $           297    $           11     $           425
2015  $                      75    $              -    $           287    $            3     $           365
investments in and advances to joint ventures
2017  $                       -    $             31    $             -    $            -     $            31
2016  $                       -    $             56    $             -    $            -     $            56
2015  $                       -    $              -    $             -    $            -     $             -
(1)   net pension and postretirem...
cost
(credit)
excludes special items, as well as the recognition of curtailment...
settlements and special termination benefits due to closures, restructuri...
or divestiture...
seenote 9:
pension and other postretirem...
benefit plansfor more information.
(2)
seenote 17:
charges for integration and restructuri...
closures and asset impairments...
more information.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
71
table of contents total assets dollar amounts in millions            timberlands and           wood       unallocated total assets(1)(2)                  real estate & enr       products             items       consolidated
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
2017  $                                              14,122    $     2,145    $        1,792    $        18,059
2016  $                                              15,608    $     1,910    $        1,725    $        19,243
2015  $                                               7,260    $     1,541    $        3,919    $        12,720
(1)   assets attributable to the real estate & enr business segment are combined with total assets for the timberlands segment because we do not produce separate balance sheets internally.
(2)   unallocated items total assets includes assets of discontinued operations.
discontinued operations during 2016, we disposed of our former cellulose fibers segment, which is excluded from the segment results above unless otherwise noted. see note 3: discontinued operations and other divestitures for information regarding our discontinued operations and the segments affected.
note 3:
discontinued operations and other divestitures operations divested on october 12, 2016, we announced the exploration of strategic alternatives for our uruguay timberlands and manufacturing operations, which was part of our timberlands business segment. on june 2, 2017, the weyerhaeuser board of directors approved an equity purchase agreement with a consortium led by btg pactual's timberland investment group (tig), including other long-term investors, pursuant to which the company agreed to sell, in exchange for $403 million in cash, all of its equity interest in the subsidiaries that collectively owned and operated its uruguayan timberlands and manufacturing operations.
on september 1, 2017, we completed the sale of our uruguay timberlands and manufacturing operations for $403
million of cash proceeds. due to the impairment of our uruguayan operations recorded during second quarter 2017
(refer to note 17: charges for integration and restructuring, closures and asset impairments ), no material gain or loss was recorded as a result of this sale. as of december 31, 2017 , no assets or liabilities related to uruguayan operations remain on the consolidated balance sheet .
the sale of our uruguayan operations was not considered a strategic shift that had or will have a major effect on our operations or financial results and therefore did not meet the requirements for presentation as discontinued operations.
discontinued operations during 2016, we entered into three separate transactions to sell our cellulose fibers business. as a result of these transactions, the company recognized a pretax gain on disposition of $789 million and total cash proceeds of
$2.5 billion in the second half of 2016. these transactions consisted of:
•  sale of our cellulose fibers liquid packaging board business to nippon paper industries co., ltd for$285
millionin cash proceeds, which closed on august 31, 2016;
•  sale of our cellulose fibers printing papers joint venture to one rock capital partners, llc for$42
millionin cash proceeds, which closed on november 1, 2016; and
•  sale of our cellulose fibers pulp business to international paper for$2.2 billionin cash proceeds, which closed on december 1, 2016.
the results of operations for our pulp and liquid packaging board businesses, along with our interest in our printing papers joint venture, were reclassified to discontinued operations during our 2016 reporting year. these results have been summarized in "earnings from discontinued operations, net of income taxes" on our consolidated statement of operations for each period presented. we did not reclassify our consolidated statement of cash flows to reflect discontinued operations. cellulose fibers was previously disclosed as a separate reportable business segment. retained indirect corporate overhead costs previously allocated to cellulose fibers are now reported as part of unallocated items.
we used $1.7 billion of the after-tax proceeds from the sale of our cellulose fibers business segment for repayment of debt during 2016.
the following table presents the components of the net gain on the divestiture of cellulose fibers:
dollar amounts in millions    2016
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
proceeds, net of cash and cash equivalents    $                            2,486
disposed of less:
net book value of assets and liabilities                                  (1,678  )
disposed of transaction costs, net of reimbursement                                      (19  )
(1,697  )
pretax gain on cellulose fibers divestitures                                 789
income taxes                                                                (243  )
net gain on cellulose fibers divestitures     $                              546
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
72
table of contents net earnings from discontinued operations sales and net earnings from discontinued operations dollar amounts in millions                     2016(1)        2015(2)
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
total net sales                        $                                                1,537     $    1,860
costs of products sold                                                                  1,283          1,573
gross margin                                                                              254            287
selling expenses                                                                           12             14
general and administrative expenses                                                        29             30
research and development expenses                                                           5              6
charges for integration and restructuring, closures and asset                                                          63              2
impairments(3)
other operating income, net                                                               (27  )         (26  )
operating income                                                                          172            261
equity loss from joint venture                                                             (4  )        (105  )
interest expense, net of capitalized                                                       (5  )          (6  )
interest earnings from discontinued operations                                                     163            150
before income taxes income taxes                                                                              (97  )         (55  )
net earnings from operations                                                               66             95
net gain on divestiture of cellulose                                                      546              -
fibers net earnings from discontinued         $                                                  612     $       95
operations
(1)  discontinued operations in 2016 includes
335 days of the pulp business, 305 days of our printing papers joint venture operations, and 244 days of the liquid packaging board business.
(2)  discontinued operations in 2015 includes a full year of the cellulose fibers business segment operations.
(3)  charges for integration and restructuring, closures and asset impairments consist of costs related to our strategic evaluation of the cellulose fibers businesses and transaction-related costs.
results of discontinued operations exclude certain general corporate overhead costs that have been allocated to and are included in contribution to earnings for the operating segments.
carrying value of assets and liabilities of discontinued operations as all discontinued operations were sold during 2016, no assets or liabilities remain as of december 31, 2017 , or december 31, 2016 .
cash flows from discontinued operations cash flows from discontinued operations dollar amounts in millions                   2016(1)       2015(2)
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
net cash provided by (used in) operating  $                                                196    $      429
activities net cash provided by (used in) investing  $                                              2,356    $     (118  )
activities
(1)  discontinued operations in 2016
includes 335 days of the pulp business, 305
days of our printing papers joint venture operations, and 244 days of the liquid packaging board business, and the cash flows associated with the cf divestitures.
(2)  discontinued operations in 2015
includes a full year of the cellulose fibers business segment operations.
related party transactions with printing papers joint venture prior to november 1, 2016, we held a 50 percent ownership interest in north pacific paper corporation (norpac), our printing papers joint venture, which we considered a related party. we provided goods and services to norpac, including raw materials and support services. the amount paid to weyerhaeuser by this joint venture for goods and services were:
•  $126 millionin2016and
•  $197 millionin2015.
note 4:
merger with plum creek on february 19, 2016, we merged with plum creek timber company, inc. (plum creek). plum creek was a reit that primarily owned and managed timberlands in the united states. plum creek also produced wood products, developed opportunities for mineral and other natural resource extraction, and sold real estate properties.
the acquisition of total assets of $10.0 billion was a noncash investing and financing activity comprised of $6.4
billion in equity consideration transferred and $3.6 billion of liabilities assumed.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
73
summarized unaudited pro forma information that presents combined amounts as if this merger occurred at the beginning of 2015
dollar amounts in millions, except per-share figures                    2016        2015
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
net sales                                $                                   6,525    $  6,664
net earnings from continuing operations attributable to weyerhaeuser common      $                                     519    $    487
shareholders net earnings from continuing operations per share attributable to weyerhaeuser   $                                    0.69    $   0.61
common shareholders, basic net earnings from continuing operations per share attributable to weyerhaeuser   $                                    0.68    $   0.61
common shareholders, diluted pro forma net earnings attributable to weyerhaeuser common shareholders exclude $155 million and $22 million of non-recurring merger-related costs (net of tax) incurred in the years ended december 31, 2016 and december 31,
2015, respectively. pro forma data may not be indicative of the results that would have been obtained had these events occurred at the beginning of the periods presented, nor is it intended to be a projection of future results.
initial and final estimated fair value of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the merger date dollar amounts                               measurement period in millions     preliminary allocation              adjustments        final allocation
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
current assets          $                                  128    $                  10     $               138
timber and timberlands                                   8,124                        2                   8,126
minerals and mineral                                       312                        6                     318
rights property and equipment                                     272                        5                     277
equity investment in                                       876                      (29  )                  847
timberland venture equity investment in real estate                                                 88                       (3  )                   85
development ventures other assets                                               163                        4                     167
total assets acquired                                    9,963                       (5  )                9,958
current liabilities                                        610                        -                     610
long-term debt                                           2,056                        -                   2,056
note payable to                                            837                        1                     838
timberland venture other liabilities                                           77                       (6  )                   71
total liabilities                                        3,580                       (5  )                3,575
assumed net assets acquired     $                                6,383    $                   -     $             6,383
the initial allocation of purchase price was recorded using preliminary estimated fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon the best information available to management at the time. the purchase price allocation was finalized as of december 31, 2016. the measurement period adjustments reflect additional information obtained to record the fair value of certain assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on facts and circumstances existing as of the acquisition date. measurement period adjustments reflected above did not have a material impact to earnings or cash flows for the year ended december 31, 2016.
note 5:
net earnings per share our basic earnings per share attributable to weyerhaeuser common shareholders for the last three years were:
•  $0.77in2017,
•  $1.40in2016and
•  $0.89in2015.
our diluted earnings per share attributable to weyerhaeuser common shareholders for the last three years were:
•  $0.77in2017,
•  $1.39in2016and
•  $0.89in2015.
how we calculate basic and diluted net earnings per share
"basic earnings" per share is net earnings available to common shareholders divided by the weighted average number of our outstanding common shares, including stock equivalent units where there is no circumstance under which those shares would not be issued.
"diluted earnings" per share is net earnings available to common shareholders divided by the sum of the:
•  weighted average number of our outstanding common shares and
•  the effect of our outstanding dilutive potential common shares.
dilutive potential common shares may include:
•  outstanding stock options,
•  restricted stock units,
•  performance share units and
•  preference shares.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
74
table of contents calculation of weighted average number of outstanding common shares - dilutive shares in thousands
2017       2016       2015
weighted average number of outstanding              753,085    718,560    516,371
shares - basic dilutive potential common shares:
stock options                                         2,571      2,672      2,342
restricted stock units                                  582        756        381
performance share units                                 428        413        524
total effect of outstanding dilutive                  3,581      3,841      3,247
potential common shares weighted average number of outstanding              756,666    722,401    519,618
common shares - dilutive we use the treasury stock method to calculate the dilutive effect of our outstanding stock options, restricted stock units and performance share units. share-based payment awards that are contingently issuable upon the achievement of specified performance or market conditions are included in our diluted earnings per share calculation in the period in which the conditions are satisfied.
shares excluded from dilutive effect the following shares were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share because they were either antidilutive or the required performance or market conditions were not met. some or all of these shares may be dilutive potential common shares in future periods.
potential shares not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share shares in thousands
2017     2016      2015
stock options                                                                  1,351    1,462     5,016
performance share units                                                          799      384       155
preference shares(1)                                                               -        -    25,307
(1) seenote 15: shareholders' interestfor more information.
note 6:
inventories inventories include raw materials, work-in-process, finished goods as well as materials and supplies.
inventories as of the end of our last two years dollar amounts in lifo inventories:                         millions           december 31,2017       december 31,2016
──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
logs                                      $                                17    $                18
lumber, plywood, panels, and fiberboard                                    66                     61
other products                                                             10                     10
fifo or moving average cost inventories:
logs                                                                       38                     21
lumber, plywood, panels, fiberboard and                                    91                     73
engineered wood products other products                                                             77                     90
materials and supplies                                                     84                     85
total                                     $                               383    $               358
lifo - the last-in, first-out method - applies to major inventory products held at our u.s. domestic locations. the fifo - the first-in, first-out method - or moving average cost methods apply to the balance of our domestic raw material and product inventories as well as for all material and supply inventories and all foreign inventories. if we used fifo for all lifo inventories, our stated inventories would have been higher by $70 million as of december
31, 2017 , and $71 million as of december 31, 2016 , respectively.
how we account for our inventories the inventories section of note 1: summary of significant accounting policies provides details about how we account for our inventories.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
75
table of contents note 7:
property and equipment property and equipment includes land, buildings and improvements, machinery and equipment, roads and other items.
carrying value of property and equipment and estimated service lives dollar amounts in millions property and equipment, at cost:  range of lives                 december 31,2017        december 31,2016
──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
land                              n/a                         $                88     $                90
buildings and improvements        15-35                                       867                     789
machinery and equipment           5-25                                      3,037                   3,022
roads                             10-35                                       782                     773
other                             3-10                                        182                     194
total cost                                                                  4,956                   4,868
accumulated depreciation and                                               (3,338  )               (3,306  )
amortization property and equipment, net                                   $             1,618     $             1,562
service lives and depreciation in general, additions are classified into components, each with its own estimated useful life as determined at the time of purchase. buildings and improvements for property and equipment have estimated lives that are generally at either the high end or low end of the range from 15 years to 35 years , depending on the type and performance of construction.
depreciation expense, excluding discontinued operations, was:
•  $206 millionin2017,
•  $198 millionin2016and
•  $160 millionin2015.
note 8:
related parties this note provides details about and our transactions with related parties. our related parties consist of:
•  joint ventures accounted for using equity method;
•  our twin creeks venture; and
•  special-purpose entities (spes).
joint ventures accounted for using the equity method we have investments in an unconsolidated joint venture over which we have significant influence that we account for using the equity method. we record our share of net earnings within "equity earnings from joint ventures" in our consolidated statement of operations in the period in which earnings are recorded by the affiliates.
real estate development ventures westrock-charleston land partners, llc (wr-clp) is a limited liability company which holds residential and commercial real estate development properties, currently under development (class a properties) and higher-value timber and development lands (class b properties) (referred to collectively as the real estate development ventures). we have a 3 percent interest in class a properties and a 50 percent interest in class b properties.
westrock company is the other member of wr-clp and owns 97 percent of the class a properties and 50 percent of the class b properties. the company uses the equity method for both its class a and class b interests. our share of the equity earnings is included in the net contribution to earnings of our real estate & enr segment.
wr-clp is a variable interest entity and is financed by regular capital calls from the manager of wr-clp in proportion to a member's ownership interest. if a member does not make a capital contribution, the member's ownership interest is diluted. we are not committed to make any material capital contributions during the remaining term of the venture, which expires in 2020 . we do not intend to provide any additional sources of financing for wr-clp.
we are not the primary beneficiary of wr-clp. we consider the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of wr-clp to be the day-to-day operating decisions along with the oversight responsibilities for the real estate development projects and properties. westrock company (the other equity member) has the power to direct the activities of wr-clp that most significantly impact its economic performance through its ability to manage the day-to-day operations of wr-clp. westrock company also has the ability to control all management decisions associated with all class a and class b properties through its majority representation on the board of directors for the class a properties and due to its equal representation on the board of directors for the class b properties.
the carrying amount of our investment in wr-clp is $31 million and $56 million at december 31, 2017 , and december
31, 2016 , respectively. the change in our investment in wr-clp during 2017 is due to a $25 million cash return of investment received during 2017. additionally, we had $1 million of equity earnings from the joint ventures during
2017. we record our share of net earnings within "equity earnings from joint ventures" in our consolidated statement of operations in the period which earnings are recorded by the affiliates.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
76
table of contents other joint ventures timberland venture since august 31, 2016, we hold all of the equity interests in the timberland venture and consolidate it as a wholly-owned subsidiary and eliminated our equity method investment in the timberland venture.
beginning on the date of our merger with plum creek until august 31, 2016, we held preferred and common interests in southern diversified timber, llc, a timberland joint venture (timberland venture), which included 100 percent of the preferred interests and 9 percent of the common interests. the timberland venture's other member, an affiliate of campbell global llc (tcg member), held 91 percent of the timberland venture's common interests. our investment in and share of the equity earnings of the timberland venture was not attributed to one of our business segments, and was reported in unallocated items. on august 31, 2016, the timberland venture redeemed tcg member's interest.
in conjunction with the redemption of tcg member, we remeasured our previously held equity interest to fair value at august 31, 2016, resulting in recognition of a gain of $6 million in "interest income and other" on our consolidated statement of operations during third quarter 2016.
north pacific paper company (norpac)
during 2016, we sold our interest in north pacific paper corporation (norpac). see note 3: discontinued operations and other divestitures for additional information.
twin creeks venture ownership redemption, agreement termination and sale recognition during october 2017, we redeemed our 21 percent ownership interest in the twin creeks venture for $108 million in cash. we did not recognize a material gain or loss on the redemption of our ownership interest. the cash received was classified as a cash flow from investing activities in our consolidated statement of cash flows .
effective december 31, 2017 , we terminated the agreements under which we had managed the twin creeks timberlands.
following termination of these agreements, weyerhaeuser has no further responsibilities or obligations related to the twin creeks venture and our continuing involvement in the contributed timberlands ceased. due to the events during the quarter, we have recognized the sale of the original contribution of timberlands that occurred april
2016.
changes in our deposit from contribution of timberlands to related party balance during 2016 and 2017 were as follows:
balance at december 31, 2015               dollar amounts in millions     -
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
initial cash receipt upon contribution of                               440
timberlands to twin creeks venture lease payments to twin creeks venture                                   (17  )
distributions from twin creeks venture                                    3
balance at december 31, 2016               $                            426
lease payments to twin creeks venture                                    (8  )
distributions from twin creeks venture                                    2
recognition of contributed timberlands                                 (420  )
balance at december 31, 2017               $                              -
formation and operations on april 1, 2016, we contributed approximately 260,000 acres of our southern timberlands with an agreed-upon value of approximately $560 million to twin creeks timber, llc (twin creeks venture), in exchange for cash of approximately $440 million and a 21 percent ownership interest. the other members contributed cash of approximately
$440 million for a combined 79 percent ownership interest.
in conjunction with contributing to the venture, we entered into a separate agreement to manage the timberlands owned by the twin creeks venture, including harvesting activities, marketing and log sales activities, and replanting and silviculture activities. this management agreement guaranteed the twin creeks venture an annual return equal to 3 percent of the contributed value of the managed timberlands in the form of minimum quarterly payments from weyerhaeuser. this agreement also required us to annually distribute 75 percent of any profits earned by us in excess of the minimum quarterly payments. the management agreement was cancellable at any time by twin creeks timber, llc, and otherwise would expire on april 1, 2019.
the guaranteed return that the management agreement required weyerhaeuser to provide to the twin creeks venture constituted continuing involvement in the timberlands that we contributed to the venture. this continuing involvement prohibited the recognition of the contribution as a sale and required application of the deposit method to account for the cash payment received. by applying the deposit method to the contribution of timberlands to the venture:
our receipt of$440 millionproceeds from the contribution of timberlands to the venture was recorded as a
•  noncurrent liability - "deposit from contribution of timberlands to related party" - on ourconsolidated balance sheet.
•  the contributed timberlands continued to be reported within the "timber and timberlands at cost, less depletion charged to disposals" on ourconsolidated balance sheet.
•  no gain or loss was recognized in ourconsolidated statement of operations.
•  our balance sheet did not reflect our21 percentownership interest in the twin creeks venture.
the receipt of $440 million was classified as a cash flow from investing activities in our consolidated statement of cash flows . the cash proceeds from our contribution of timberlands were used for share repurchases.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
77
table of contents sale of additional timberlands to twin creeks in conjunction with the redemption and termination discussed above, we also entered an agreement to sell 100,000
acres of southern timberlands to twin creeks for $203 million . the sale, which included 80,000 acres of timberlands in mississippi and 20,000 acres in georgia, closed december 29, 2017. the sale resulted in a $99
million gain recognized during fourth quarter 2017.
special-purpose entities from 2002 through 2004, we sold certain nonstrategic timberlands in five separate transactions. we are the primary beneficiary and consolidate the assets and liabilities of certain monetization and buyer-sponsored spes involved in these transactions. we have an equity interest in the monetization spes, but no ownership interest in the buyer-
sponsored spes. the following disclosures refer to assets of buyer-sponsored spes and liabilities of monetization spes. however, because these spes are distinct legal entities:
•  assets of the spes are not available to satisfy our liabilities or obligations.
•  liabilities of the spes are not our liabilities or obligations.
our consolidated statement of operations includes:
•  interest expense on spe notes of:

$29 million in 2017 ,

$29 million in 2016 and

$29 million in 2015 .
•  interest income on spe investments of:

$34 million in 2017 ,

$34 million in 2016 and

$34 million in 2015 .
sales proceeds paid to buyer-sponsored spes were invested in restricted financial investments with a balance of
$615 million as of both december 31, 2017 , and december 31, 2016 . the weighted average interest rate was 5.5
percent during 2017 and 2016 . maturities of the financial investments at the end of 2017 were:
•  $253 millionin2019and
•  $362 millionin2020.
the long-term notes of our monetization spes were $511 million as of both december 31, 2017 , and december 31, 2016
. the weighted average interest rate was 5.6 percent during 2017 and 2016 . maturities of the notes at the end of
2017 were:
•  $209 millionin2018and
•  $302 millionin2019.
financial investments consist of bank guarantees backed by bank notes for three of the spe transactions. interest earned from each financial investment is used to pay interest accrued on the corresponding spe's note. any shortfall between interest earned and interest accrued reduces our equity in the monetization spes.
upon dissolution of the spes and payment of all obligations of the entities, we would receive any net equity remaining in the monetization spes and would be required to report taxable gains on our income tax return. in the event that proceeds from the financial investments are insufficient to settle all of the liabilities of the spes, we are not obligated to contribute any funds to any of the spes. as of december 31, 2017 , our net equity in the three spes was approximately $105 million and the deferred tax liability was estimated to be approximately $116
million .
note 9:
pension and other postretirement benefit plans this note provides details about defined benefit and defined contribution plans we sponsor for our employees. the pension and other postretirement benefit plans section of note 1: summary of significant accounting policies provides information about employee eligibility for pension plans and postretirement health care and life insurance benefits, as well as how we account for the plans and benefits.
defined benefit plans we sponsor overview of plans the defined benefit pension plans we sponsor in the u.s. and canada differ according to each country's requirements. in the u.s., we have qualified plans that qualify under the internal revenue code and nonqualified plans for select employees that provide additional benefits not qualified under the internal revenue code. in canada, we have registered plans that are registered under the income tax act and applicable provincial pension acts and nonregistered plans for select employees that provide additional benefits that may not be registered under the income tax act or provincial pension acts. we also offer other postretirement benefit plans in the u.s. and canada ,
including retiree medical and life insurance plans.
assumed plans from merger with plum creek upon our merger with plum creek, we assumed one qualified pension plan and two nonqualified pension plans. these plans were frozen as of february 19, 2016, and all plans were merged into existing weyerhaeuser plans effective december 31, 2016 .
the fair values of items assumed are included as plan acquisitions in the following tables. we also assumed assets of $47 million related to the nonqualified plans held in a grantor trust. these assets are subject to the claims of creditors in the event of bankruptcy. as a result, these are not considered plan assets and are not netted against the nonqualified pension liability. these assets are included in "other assets" in our consolidated balance sheet .
during 2016 and 2017, we redeemed $42 million o f these assets to make nonqualified pension benefit payments.
during first quarter 2016, we recognized $5 million of pension benefit costs from change in control provisions for certain plum creek executives. these enhanced pension benefits were triggered by changes in control and retention decisions made after the completion of the merger (see note 17: charges for integration and restructuring, closures and asset impairments ).
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
78
table of contents amendments of pension and other postretirement benefit plans for salaried employees there were no material pension plan, postretirement medical or life insurance plan amendments in 2017. aside from the december 31, 2016, amendments to merge the plum creek plans into the weyerhaeuser plans as described above, there were no material plan amendments in 2016. there were also no material plan amendments in 2015.
funded status of plans the funded status of the plans we sponsor is determined by comparing the projected benefit obligation with the fair value of plan assets at the end of the year. the following table demonstrates how our plans' funded status is reflected on the consolidated balance sheet .
other postretirement dollar amounts  pension                      benefits funded status:                       in millions        2017          2016        2017                  2016
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
fair value of plan assets            $                 5,514     $   5,351     $  -                  $  -
projected benefit obligations                         (6,795  )     (6,469  )     (200            )     (225  )
funded status                        $                (1,281  )  $  (1,118  )  $  (200            )  $  (225  )
presentation on our consolidated balance sheet:
noncurrent assets                    $                    45     $      27     $  -                  $  -
current liabilities                                      (21  )        (28  )     (19             )     (21   )
noncurrent liabilities                                (1,305  )     (1,117  )     (181            )     (204  )
funded status                        $                (1,281  )  $  (1,118  )  $  (200            )  $  (225  )
assets and liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet are different from the cumulative income or expense that we have recorded associated with the plans. the differences are actuarial gains and losses and prior service costs and credits that are deferred and amortized into periodic benefit costs in future periods. unamortized amounts are recorded in "cumulative other comprehensive loss", which is a component of total equity on our consolidated balance sheet . the "cumulative other comprehensive income (loss)" section of note 15: shareholder's interest details changes in these amounts by component.
changes in fair value of plan assets other postretirement dollar amounts  pension                           benefits in millions        2017         2016                  2017        2016
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
fair value of plan assets at beginning                             $                 5,351     $  5,491     $               -     $     -
of year (estimated)
adjustment for final fair value of plan                                                       18            7                     -           -
assets actual return on plan assets                              553           27                     -           -
foreign currency translation                               59           29                     -           -
employer contributions and benefit                         57           78                    20          21
payments plan participants' contributions                            -            -                     6           7
plan transfers                                              3            1                     -           -
plan acquisitions                                           -          137                     -           -
benefits paid (includes lump sum                         (527  )      (419  )                (26  )      (28  )
settlements)
fair value of plan assets at end of year                                  $                 5,514     $  5,351     $               -     $     -
(estimated)
we estimate the fair value of pension plan assets based upon the information available during the year-end reporting process. in some cases, primarily private equity funds, the available information consists of net asset values as of an interim date, plus cash flows and market events between the interim date and the end of the year.
we update the year-end estimated fair value of pension plan assets during the first half of the next year to incorporate year-end net asset values received after we have filed our annual report on form 10-k.
see additional details about the changes in the fair value of plan assets in the "pension assets" section below.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
79
table of contents changes in projected benefit obligations of our pension and other postretirement benefit plans other postretirement reconciliation of projected benefit   dollar amounts  pension                           benefits obligation:                           in millions        2017         2016                  2017        2016
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
projected benefit obligation beginning                             $                 6,469     $  6,211     $             225     $   240
of year service cost                                               35           48                     -           -
interest cost                                             264          277                     8           8
plan participants' contributions                            -            -                     6           7
actuarial (gains) losses                                  489          120                   (18  )       (5  )
foreign currency translation                               59           27                     5           3
benefits paid (includes lump sum                         (527  )      (419  )                (26  )      (28  )
settlements)
plan amendments and other                                   3            -                     -           -
plan transfers                                              3            1                     -           -
plan acquisitions                                           -          199                     -           -
change in control enhanced benefits                         -            5                     -           -
projected benefit obligation at end of                                    $                 6,795     $  6,469     $             200     $   225
year see additional details about the actuarial assumptions and changes in the projected benefit obligation in the
"actuarial assumptions" section below.
accumulated benefit obligations greater than plan assets as of december 31, 2017 , pension plans with accumulated benefit obligations greater than plan assets had:
•  $5.9 billionin projected benefit obligations,
•  $5.9 billionin accumulated benefit obligations and
•  assets with a fair value of$4.6 billion.
as of december 31, 2016 , pension plans with accumulated benefit obligations greater than plan assets had:
•  $5.7 billionin projected benefit obligations,
•  $5.6 billionin accumulated benefit obligations and
•  assets with a fair value of$4.5 billion.
the accumulated benefit obligation for all of our defined benefit pension plans was:
•  $6.7 billionatdecember 31, 2017, and
•  $6.4billion atdecember 31, 2016.
pension assets our investment policies and strategies our investment policies and strategies guide and direct how the funds are managed for the benefit plans we sponsor.
these funds include our:
•  u.s. pension trust - funds our u.s. qualified pension plans;
•  canadian pension trust - funds our canadian registered pension plans; and
•  retirement compensation arrangements - fund a portion of our canadian nonregistered pension plans.
u.s. and canadian pension trusts investment managers of our pension plan asset portfolios use a diversified set of investment strategies. our trusts invest both directly in a diversified mix of nontraditional investments, and indirectly through derivatives to promote effective use of capital, increase returns and manage associated risk. our direct investments include cash and short-term investments, common and preferred stocks, hedge funds and related investments and private equity and related investments. our indirect investments include equity and fixed income index derivatives, foreign currency derivatives and total return swaps.
cash and short-term investments include highly liquid money market and government securities and are primarily held to fund benefit payments, capital calls, margin requirements or to meet regulatory requirements.
common and preferred stocks are equity instruments that have been purchased directly or resulted from transactions related to private equity investment holdings.
hedge fund and related investments are privately-offered managed pools primarily structured as limited liability entities. general members or partners of these limited liability entities serve as portfolio managers and are thus responsible for the fund's underlying investment decisions. underlying investments within these funds may include long and short public and private equities, corporate, mortgage and sovereign debt, options, swaps, forwards and other derivative positions. these funds have varying degrees of leverage, liquidity, and redemption provisions.
private equity and related investments are investments in private equity, mezzanine, distressed, co-investments and other structures. private equity funds generally participate in buyouts and venture capital of limited liability entities through unlisted equity and debt instruments. these funds may also borrow at the underlying entity level.
mezzanine and distressed funds generally invest in the debt of public or private companies with additional participation through warrants or other equity options.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
80
table of contents derivative instruments are comprised of swaps, futures, forwards or options. equity and fixed income index derivatives are used to achieve target equity and bond exposure or to reduce exposure to certain market risks.
foreign currency derivatives reduce exposure to certain currency risks. total return swaps enable exposure to return characteristics of specific financial strategies with limited exchange of principal.
while we do not target specific direct investment or derivative allocations, we have established guidelines on the percentage of pension trust assets that can be invested in certain categories to provide diversification by investment type fund and investment managers, as well as to manage overall liquidity. allocation of trust assets at the end of the last two years is presented below.
assets within our qualified and registered pension plans in our u.s. and canadian pension trusts were invested as follows:
december 31, 2017     december 31, 2016
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
cash and short-term investments                      10.6  %               13.7  %
common and preferred stock                              -                   0.1
hedge funds and related investments                  58.8                  56.6
private equity and related investments               22.2                  22.7
derivative instruments, net                           8.7                   7.1
accrued liabilities                                  (0.3  )               (0.2  )
total                                               100.0  %              100.0  %
retirement compensation arrangements retirement compensation arrangements fund a portion of our canadian nonregistered pension plans. as required by canadian tax rules, approximately 50 percent of these assets are invested into a noninterest-bearing refundable tax account held by the canada revenue agency. this portion of the portfolio does not earn returns. the remaining portion is invested in a portfolio of equities.
managing risk investments and contracts are subject to risks including market price, liquidity, currency, interest rate and credit risks. the following provides an overview of these risks and describes governance processes and actions we take to mitigate these risks on our pension plan asset portfolios.
market price risk is the risk that market fluctuations will adversely affect the value of plan assets. the trusts mitigate market price risk by investing in a diversified portfolio whose returns exhibit low correlation to traditional asset classes and to each other. in addition, we and our investment advisers perform regular monitoring with ongoing qualitative assessments, quantitative assessments, and comprehensive investment and operational due diligence.
liquidity risk is the risk that the trust will not be able to settle liabilities such as payments to participants, counterparties, and service providers. plan investments in limited liability pools with no active secondary market may be illiquid.
private equity funds are subject to distribution and funding schedules set by fund managers and market activity.
hedge funds may also be subject to restrictions that delay redemptions. to mitigate liquidity risk, private equity portfolios have been diversified across different vintage years and strategies, and hedge fund portfolios have been diversified across investment fund managers, strategies and liquidity provisions. in addition, the investment committee regularly reviews cash flows of the pension trusts and sets appropriate guidelines to address liquidity needs.
currency risk arises from holding plan assets denominated in a currency other than the currency in which its liabilities are settled. currency risk is generally managed through notional contracts designed to hedge net exposure to non-
functional currencies.
interest rate risk is the risk that a change in interest rates will adversely affect the fair value of fixed income securities.
interest rate risk exposure is primarily indirect through investment in limited liability pools. fund managers mitigate this risk with predefined investment mandates and investment decisions.
credit risk is the risk that counterparties' failure to discharge their obligations could impact cash flows. the trusts'
primary exposure is through settlement receivables from derivative contracts. only the amount of unsettled net receivables is at risk for these types of investments, and no principal is at risk. we decrease credit risk exposure by only dealing with highly-rated financial counterparties; as of year-end, our counterparties each had a credit rating of at least a from s&p. we further manage this risk through diversification of counterparties, predefined settlement and margining provisions and documented agreements.
we are also exposed to credit risk indirectly through counterparty relationships initiated by underlying managers of investments in limited liability pools. this risk is mitigated through initial due diligence and ongoing monitoring processes.
valuation of our plan assets pension assets are stated at fair value as of the reporting date. fair value is based on the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to settle a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the reporting date. we do not consider forced or distressed sale scenarios. instead, we consider both observable and unobservable inputs that reflect assumptions applied by market participants when setting the exit price of an asset or liability in an orderly transaction within the principal market for that asset or liability.
we value the pension plan assets based upon the observability of exit pricing inputs and classify pension plan assets based upon the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement of the pension plan assets in their entirety. the fair value hierarchy is:
•  level 1: inputs are unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets and liabilities traded in an active market.
•  level 2: inputs are quoted prices in non-active markets for which pricing inputs are observable either directly or indirectly at the reporting date.
•  level 3: inputs are derived from valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs or value drivers are unobservable.
investments for which fair value is measured using the net asset value per share as a practical expedient are not categorized within the fair value hierarchy.
cash and short-term investments are valued at cost, which approximates market.
common and preferred stocks are valued at exit prices quoted in public markets.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
81
table of contents hedge funds, private equities, and related fund units are valued based on the net asset values of the funds. these values represent the per-unit price at which new investors are permitted to invest and existing investors are permitted to exit. when net asset values as of the end of the year have not been received, we estimate fair value by adjusting the most recently reported net asset values for market events and cash flows between the interim date and the end of the year.
derivative instruments are valued based upon valuation statements received from each derivative's counterparty.
these contracts are not publicly traded.
the net pension plan assets, when categorized in accordance with this fair value hierarchy, are as follows.
investments valued using net asset value (nav) as a practical expedient are presented to reconcile with total plan assets.
2017                             dollar amounts pension trust investments:       in millions     level 1       level 2       level 3         nav       total
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
cash and short-term investments  $                   580    $        2    $        -    $      -    $    582
common and preferred stock                             1             -             -           -           1
hedge fund and related                                59             -            10       3,168       3,237
investments private equity and related                             -             -           102       1,120       1,222
investments derivative instruments:
assets                                                 -            31           445           -         476
liabilities                                            -             -             -           -           -
total pension trust investments                      640            33           557       4,288       5,518
accrued liabilities, net                                                                                 (16  )
pension trust net assets                                                                               5,502
canadian nonregistered plan assets:
cash and short-term investments                        6             -             -           -           6
common and preferred stock                             6             -             -           -           6
total canadian nonregistered                          12             -             -           -          12
plan assets total plan assets                                                                                   $  5,514
2016                            dollar amounts pension trust investments:      in millions     level 1       level 2        level 3         nav       total
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
cash and short-term             $                   715    $       16     $        -    $      -    $    731
investments common and preferred stock                            7             -              -           -           7
hedge fund and related                               62             -              4       2,957       3,023
investments private equity and related                            -             -             75       1,138       1,213
investments derivative instruments:
assets                                                -            10            376           -         386
liabilities                                           -            (8  )           -           -          (8  )
total pension trust                                 784            18            455       4,095       5,352
investments accrued liabilities, net                                                                                 (11  )
pension trust net investments                                                                          5,341
canadian nonregistered plan assets:
cash and short-term                                   5             -              -           -           5
investments common and preferred stock                            5             -              -           -           5
total canadian nonregistered                         10             -              -           -          10
plan assets total plan assets                                                                                   $  5,351
assets that do not have readily available quoted prices in an active market require more judgment to value and have increased risk. approximately $557 million , or 10.1 percent , of our pension plan assets were classified as level
3 assets as of december 31, 2017.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
82
table of contents a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances of the pension plan assets measured at fair value using significant unobservable inputs (level 3) is presented below:
investments         private equity hedge funds and                    and dollar amounts           related                related              derivative in millions          investments            investments        instruments, net        total
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
balance as of december 31,    $                              3     $               52     $               491     $    546
2015
net realized                                  (1  )                  (2  )                  134          131
gains (losses)
net change in unrealized                                     2                     (3  )                 (121  )      (122  )
gains (losses)
purchases                                      -                     21                       -           21
sales                                          -                    (18  )                    -          (18  )
settlements                                    -                      -                    (128  )      (128  )
transfers into                                 -                     25                       -           25
level 3
transfers out                                  -                      -                       -            -
of level 3
balance as of december 31,                                   4                     75                     376          455
2016
net realized                                  (1  )                 (30  )                   15          (16  )
gains (losses)
net change in unrealized                                     2                     41                      67          110
gains (losses)
purchases                                      -                     14                       -           14
sales                                         (1  )                   -                       -           (1  )
settlements                                    -                      -                     (13  )       (13  )
transfers into                                 6                     19                       -           25
level 3
transfers out                                  -                    (17  )                    -          (17  )
of level 3
balance as of december 31,    $                             10     $              102     $               445     $    557
2017
the availability of observable market data is monitored to assess the appropriate classification of financial instruments within the fair value hierarchy. changes in economic conditions or model-based valuation techniques may require the transfer of financial instruments from one fair value level to another. in such instances, the transfer is reported at the beginning of the reporting period. we evaluate the significance of transfers between levels based upon the nature of the financial instrument and size of the transfer relative to total net assets available for benefits.
the table below shows the fair value and aggregate notional amount of the derivative instruments held by our pension trusts at the end of the last two years.
fair value                                    notional dollar amounts        december              december              december              december in millions            31,2017               31,2016               31,2017               31,2016
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
equity and fixed income index          $                           19    $               10     $             501    $              405
derivatives, net foreign currency                                   12                    (5  )              1,413                 2,811
derivatives, net total return                              445                   373                 1,443                 1,515
swaps, net total          $                          476    $              378     $           3,357    $            4,731
actuarial assumptions we use actuarial assumptions to estimate our benefit obligations and our net periodic benefit costs. the following tables show the rates used to estimate our benefit obligations and periodic net benefit costs.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
83
table of contents rates we use in estimating our benefit obligations pension december 31,2017                           december 31,2016
discount rates:
united states                                                3.70  %                                    4.30  %
canada                                                       3.50  %                                    3.70  %
lump sum distributions(1)(2)                            ppa table                                  ppa table rate of compensation increase:
salaried:
united states                     13.00% to 2.00% decreasing with            13.00% to 2.00% decreasing with participant age                            participant age canada                                                       3.25  %                                    3.50  %
hourly:
united states                     13.00% to 2.30% decreasing with            13.00% to 2.30% decreasing with participant age                            participant age canada                                                       3.00  %                                    3.25  %
lump sum or installment distributions                                               60.00  %                                   60.00  %
election(2)
(1) ppa phased table: interest and mortality assumptions as mandated by pension protection act of 2006 including the phase out of the prior interest rate basis in 2013.
(2) u.s. qualified salaried and nonqualified plans only the discount rates used for our u.s. other postretirement benefit plans were 3.50 percent and 3.70 percent for the years ended december 31, 2017, and december 31, 2016, respectively. additionally, the discount rates used for our canadian other postretirement benefit plans were 3.40 percent and 3.60 percent for the years ended december 31,
2017, and december 31, 2016, respectively.
estimating our net periodic benefit costs pension
2017                             2016                        2015
discount rates:
united states                              4.30  %                          4.50  %                     4.10  %
canada                                     3.70  %                          4.00  %                     3.90  %
lump sum                              ppa table                        ppa table                   ppa table distributions(1)(2)
expected return on plan assets:
9.00% for all plans qualified/registered                       8.00  %        except 7.00% for plans                        9.00  %
plans(3)                                                       assumed from plum creek nonregistered plans                        3.50  %                          3.50  %                     3.50  %
rate of compensation increase:
salaried:
13.00% to 2.00%                  13.00% to 2.00%     2.50% for 2015and 3.50%
united states                   decreasing with                  decreasing with                  thereafter participant age                  participant age canada                                     3.50  %                          3.50  %  2.50% for 2015and 3.50%
thereafter hourly:
13.00% to 2.30%                  13.00% to 2.30%
united states                   decreasing with                  decreasing with                        3.00  %
participant age                  participant age canada                                     3.25  %                          3.25  %                     3.25  %
lump sum distributions                    60.00  %                         60.00  %                    60.00  %
election(2)
(1)  ppa phased table:
interest and mortality assumptions as mandated by pension protection act of 2006 including the phase out of the prior interest rate basis in 2013.
(2)  u.s. qualified salaried and nonqualified plans only
(3)  beginning in 2017
and continuing in 2018
we will use an assumed expected return on plan assets of 8.00 percent for qualified and registered pension plans.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
84
table of contents the discount rates used for our u.s. other postretirement benefit plans were 3.70 percent , 4.00 percent and 3.60
percent for the years ended december 31, 2017, december 31, 2016, and december 31, 2015, respectively.
additionally, the discount rates used for our canadian other postretirement benefit plans were 3.60 percent , 3.90
percent and 3.80 percent for the years ended december 31, 2017, december 31, 2016, and december 31, 2015, respectively.
expected return on plan assets we estimate the expected long-term return on assets for our qualified, registered and nonregistered pension plans.
qualified and registered pension plans we have assumed a long-term rate of return on plan assets of 8 percent for the year ended december 31, 2017 . as part of our 2016 annual evaluation of key assumptions, we reduced our assumption of long-term rate of return on plan assets to 8 percent for estimated 2017 net periodic benefit cost.
determining our expected return requires a high degree of judgment. we consider actual pension fund performance over multiple years, and current and expected valuation levels in the global equity and credit markets. historical fund returns are used as a base, and we place added weight on more recent pension plan asset performance. over the
33 years it has been in place, our u.s. pension trust investment strategy has achieved a 13.7 percent net compound annual return rate. the past 5 years, our net compounded annual return was over 8 percent .
nonregistered plans canadian tax rules require that 50 percent of the assets for nonregistered plans go to a noninterest-bearing refundable tax account. as a result, the return we earn investing the other 50 percent is spread over 100 percent of the assets. our expected long-term annual rate of return on the portion we are allowed to manage is 7 percent .
this assumption is based on historical experience and future return expectations. the expected overall annual return on assets that fund our nonregistered plans is 3.5 percent .
allocation of actual returns between assets held by our pension trusts the percentage of actual return on assets held by our pension trusts in 2017 based on valuations as of year-end is as follows:
2017     2016     2015
direct investments        72  %    44  %    77  %
derivative instruments    28  %    56  %    23  %
total                    100  %   100  %   100  %
health care costs rising costs of health care affect the costs of our other postretirement plans. we use assumptions about health care cost trend rates to estimate the cost of benefits we provide. our trend rate assumptions are based on historical market experience, current environment and future expectations. in 2017 , the assumed weighted health care cost trend rate was:
•  8.9 percentfor u.s. pre-medicare
•  4.5 percentfor u.s. health reimbursement account (hra)
•  4.9 percentfor canada this table shows the assumptions we use in estimating the annual cost increase for health care benefits we provide.
assumptions we use in estimating health care benefit cost trends
2017                                        2016
u.s.        canada                          u.s.        canada weighted health care        8.40% for pre-medicare                      8.90% for pre-medicare cost trend rate                  and 4.50% for hra          5.10  %          and 4.50% for hra          4.90  %
assumed for next year rate that the cost trend rate gradually                                4.50     %    4.30  %                       4.50     %    4.30  %
declines to year the cost trend rate                      2037          2028                          2037          2028
is reached the assumed health care cost trend rate can significantly influence projected postretirement benefit plan payments.
the following table demonstrates the effect a one percent change in assumed health care cost trend rates would have with all other assumptions remaining constant.
effect of a one percent change in health care costs as of december 31, 2017 (dollar amounts in millions)
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
1% increase       1% decrease effect on total service and interest                                                                   less than $1       less than $(1)
cost components effect on accumulated postretirement                       $                                                7    $  (7              )
benefit obligation weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
85
table of contents activity of plans net periodic benefit cost (credit)
other net periodic                                                          postretirement benefit cost   dollar amounts  pension                                      benefits
(credit):      in millions        2017        2016        2015                  2017        2016        2015
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
service        $                    35     $    48     $    57     $               -     $     -     $     -
cost(1)
interest cost                      264         277         265                     8           8           9
expected return on                         (409  )     (495  )     (476  )                  -           -           -
plan assets amortization of actuarial                       195         156         182                     8           9          10
loss amortization of prior                             4           4           4                    (8  )       (7  )       (9  )
service cost
(credit)
accelerated pension costs for plum creek                                -           5           -                     -           -           -
merger-relat...
change-in-co...
provisions net periodic benefit cost   $                    89     $    (5  )  $    32     $               8     $    10     $    10
(credit)
(1)  service cost includes
$13 million in
2016 and $17
million in
2015 for employees that were part of our cellulose fibers divestitures.
these charges are included in our results of discontinued operations.
curtailment and special termination benefits are related to involuntary terminations due to restructuring activities.
estimated amortization from cumulative other comprehensive loss in
2018
dollar amounts in                other postretirement millions           pension                   benefits        total
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
net actuarial loss           $                      242    $                     8     $    250
prior service cost (credit)                           3                         (8  )        (5  )
net effect cost              $                      245    $                     -     $    245
expected pension plan and benefit funding established funding standards govern the funding requirements for our qualified and registered pension plans. we fund the benefit payments of our nonqualified and nonregistered plans as benefit payments come due. there was no minimum required contribution for our u.s. qualified plan for 2017, nor were any contributions made to this plan in
2017. during 2017, we contributed $25 million for our canadian registered plans, we made contributions and benefit payments of $2 million for our canadian nonregistered pension plans and made benefit payments of $31 million for our nonqualified pension plans, including $1 million of enhanced pension benefit payments from change in control provisions.
during 2018 , based on estimated year-end asset values and projections of plan liabilities, we expect to:
•  be required to contribute approximately$23 millionfor our canadian registered plan;
•  be required to contribute or make benefit payments for our canadian nonregistered plans of$4 million; and
•  make benefit payments of approximately$19 millionfor our u.s. nonqualified pension plans.
we do not anticipate a contribution being required for our u.s. qualified pension plan for 2018 .
expected postretirement benefit funding benefits for these plans are paid from our general assets as they come due. we expect to make benefit payments of
$19 million for our u.s. and canadian other postretirement benefit plans in 2018 , including $7 million expected to be required to cover benefit payments under collectively bargained contractual obligations.
estimated projected benefit payments for the next 10 years other postretirement dollar amounts in millions     pension             benefits
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
2018                        $      369    $              19
2019                               371                   18
2020                               374                   17
2021                               374                   16
2022                               376                   15
2023-2027                        1,902                   65
union-administered multiemployer benefit plans we contribute to multiemployer defined benefit plans under the terms of collective-bargaining agreements. these plans cover a small number of our employees and on an annual basis our contributions are immaterial.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
86
table of contents these plans have different risks than single-employer plans. our contributions may be used to fund benefits for employees of other participating employers. if we choose to stop participating, we may be required to pay a withdrawal liability based on the underfunded status of the plan . if another participating employer stops contributing to the plan, we may become responsible for remaining plan unfunded obligations.
defined contribution plans we sponsor various defined contribution plans for our u.s. and canadian salaried and hourly employees. our contributions to these plans were:
•  $21 millionin2017,
•  $27 millionin2016and
•  $21 millionin2015.
upon our merger with plum creek, we assumed one defined contribution plan, the plum creek thrift and profit sharing plan. effective july 15, 2016, the assets of this plan were merged into the weyerhaeuser 401(k) plan.
note 10:
accrued liabilities accrued liabilities were comprised of the following:
dollar amounts in millions           december 31,2017       december 31,2016
───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
wages, salaries and severance pay      $                               150    $               178
pension and other postretirement                                        40                     49
benefits vacation pay                                                            33                     33
taxes - social security and real and                                    24                     20
personal property interest                                                               111                    120
customer rebates and volume discounts                                   48                     39
deferred income                                                         48                     40
accrued income taxes                                                    19                    139
product remediation accrual(note 18)                                    98                      -
other                                                                   74                     74
total                                  $                               645    $               692
note 11:
lines of credit our lines of credit during march 2017 , we entered into a new $1.5 billion five-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility that expires in march 2022 . this replaced a $1 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility that was originally set to expire september 2018 . the entire amount is available to weyerhaeuser company. borrowings are at libor plus a spread or at other interest rates mutually agreed upon between the borrower and the lending banks. as of december
31, 2017 , there were no borrowings outstanding under the facility and we were in compliance with the credit facility covenants.
other letters of credit and surety bonds the amounts of other letters of credit and surety bonds we have entered into as of the end of our last two years are included in the following table:
dollar amounts in  december       december millions            31,2017        31,2016
───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
letters of credit  $                        37    $        38
surety bonds       $                       134    $       125
our compensating balance requirements for our letters of credit were $5 million as of december 31, 2017 .
note 12:
long-term debt this note provides details about:
•  term loans issued and extinguished,
•  long-term debt assumed in the plum creek merger, and
•  long-term debt and long-term debt maturities.
our long-term debt includes notes, debentures and other borrowings.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
87
table of contents term loans issued and extinguished during july 2017 , we prepaid a $550 million variable-rate term loan originally set to mature in 2020 (2020 term loan). the 2020 term loan was prepaid using available cash of $325 million as well as borrowing proceeds from a new
$225 million variable-rate term loan set to mature in 2026 (2026 term loan). the 2020 term loan was eligible to received patronage refunds while outstanding. similarly, we receive patronage refunds on the 2026 term loans, which will continue while the loan remains outstanding. refer to the "installment note" section below for further details regarding patronage refunds.
during august 2017, we paid our $281 million 6.95 percent debenture due in 2017 .
during february 2016 , and subsequent to completion of the plum creek merger, we entered into a $600 million
18-month senior unsecured term loan set to mature in august 2017 . the $600 million outstanding under this facility was repaid in full and terminated during fourth quarter 2016.
during march 2016 , we entered into a $1.9 billion 18-month senior unsecured term loan set to mature in september
2017 . the $1.1 billion outstanding under this facility was repaid in full and terminated during fourth quarter
2016.
long-term debt assumed in the plum creek merger through our merger with plum creek, we assumed long-term debt instruments consisting of:
•  two issuances of publicly traded senior notes,
•  an installment note (defined and described below) and
•  the note payable to timberland venture (defined and described below).
concurrent with the merger, we repaid in full the outstanding balances of plum creek's revolving line of credit and term loan using $720 million of cash on hand.
senior notes the assumed senior notes are publicly traded and were issued by plum creek timberlands, l.p. (pc timberlands) and were fully and unconditionally guaranteed by weyerhaeuser company as of the acquisition date. during third quarter
2016, pc timberlands was merged into weyerhaeuser company and weyerhaeuser company assumed the obligations. there were two separate senior notes: $569 million (principal) of 4.70 percent notes which mature in 2021 and $325
million (principal) of 3.25 percent notes which mature in 2023 . the senior notes are redeemable prior to maturity;
however, they are subject to a premium on redemption, which is based upon interest rates of u.s. treasury securities having similar average maturities.
through acquisition accounting the senior notes were recognized at estimated fair values of $614 million for the
4.70 percent notes and $324 million for the 3.25 percent notes as of the acquisition date. the differences between cash interest payments and the amounts recorded as interest expense at the effective market rates will adjust the carrying values of the notes to the principal amounts at maturity.
installment note we assumed an installment note (installment note) payable to westrock land and development, llc (wr ld) that was issued in connection with plum creek's acquisition of certain timberland assets. the principal balance of the installment note is $860 million . following the issuance, wr ld pledged the installment note to certain banks. the annual interest rate on the installment note is fixed at 5.207 percent . interest is paid semi-annually with the principal due upon maturity in december 2023 . the term may be extended at the request of the holder if the company at the time of the request intends to refinance all or a portion of the installment note for a term of five years or more. the installment note is generally not redeemable prior to maturity except in certain limited circumstances and could be subject to a premium on redemption.
we receive patronage refunds under the installment note. patronage refunds are distributions of profits from banks in the farm credit system, which are cooperatives that are required to distribute profits to their members.
patronage distributions, which are made in either cash or stock, are received in the year after they were earned and are recorded as offsets to interest expense.
through acquisition accounting, the installment note was recognized at an estimated fair value of $893 million as of the acquisition date. the difference between the cash interest payments and the amount being recorded as interest expense at the effective market rate will reduce the carrying value of the installment note to the principal amount at the maturity date.
note payable to timberland venture we assumed the note payable to timberland venture, which had a principal balance of $783 million . the annual interest rate on the note payable to timberland venture is fixed at 7.375 percent . interest is paid quarterly with the principal due upon maturity. the note matures on october 1, 2018 , but may be extended until october 1, 2020 , at our election. the note is not redeemable prior to maturity.
through acquisition accounting, the note payable to timberland venture was recognized at an estimated fair value of
$838 million as of the acquisition date. the difference between the cash interest payments and the amount being recorded as interest expense at the effective market rate will reduce the carrying value of the note to the principal amount at the maturity date.
on august 31, 2016, the timberland venture redeemed tcg member's interest and weyerhaeuser obtained full ownership of the timberland venture's equity. as a result, we consolidated the timberland venture as a wholly-owned subsidiary and the note payable to timberland venture is therefore eliminated for financial reporting purposes upon consolidation as it is now intercompany indebtedness. the redemption transaction and consolidation are described in note 8: related parties .
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
88
table of contents long-term debt and long-term debt maturities the following table lists our long-term debt by types and interest rates at the end of our last two years and includes the current portion.
long-term debt by types and interest rates (includes current portion)
dollar amounts in millions           december 31,2017        december 31,2016
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
6.95% debentures due 2017                $                                 -     $               281
7.00% debentures due 2018                                                 62                      62
7.375% notes due 2019                                                    500                     500
variable rate term loan credit facility                                    -                     550
matures 2020
9.00% debentures due 2021                                                150                     150
4.70% debentures due 2021                                                597                     606
7.125% debentures due 2023                                               191                     191
5.207% debentures due 2023                                               885                     889
4.625% notes due 2023                                                    500                     500
3.25% debentures due 2023                                                324                     324
8.50% debentures due 2025                                                300                     300
7.95% debentures due 2025                                                136                     136
7.70% debentures due 2026                                                150                     150
7.35% debentures due 2026                                                 62                      62
7.85% debentures due 2026                                                100                     100
variable rate term loan credit facility                                  225                       -
matures 2026
6.95% debentures due 2027                                                300                     300
7.375% debentures due 2032                                             1,250                   1,250
6.875% debentures due 2033                                               275                     275
other                                                                      1                       2
6,008                   6,628
less unamortized discounts                                                (5  )                   (5  )
less unamortized debt expense                                            (11  )                  (13  )
total                                    $                             5,992     $             6,610
portion due within one year              $                                62     $               281
amounts of long-term debt due annually for the next five years and the total amount due after
2022
dollar amounts in millions(1)
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
2018        $                                                                                                62
2019                                                                                                        500
2020                                                                                                          -
2021                                                                                                        719
2022                                                                                                          -
thereafter                                                                                                4,675
(1) excludes $36 million of unamortized discounts, capitalized debt expense and fair value adjustments (related to plum creek merger).
note 13:
fair value of financial instruments fair value of debt the estimated fair values and carrying values of our long-term debt consisted of the following:
dollar amounts in millions     december 31, 2017                        december 31, 2016
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
carrying       fair value                carrying       fair value value        (level 2)                   value        (level 2)
long-term debt
(including current maturities):
fixed rate          $                           5,768    $       6,823    $              6,061    $       6,925
variable rate                                     224              225                     549              550
total debt          $                           5,992    $       7,048    $              6,610    $       7,475
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
89
table of contents to estimate the fair value of long-term debt, we used the following valuation approaches:
•  market approach - based on quoted market prices we received for the same types and issues of our debt; or
•  income approach - based on the discounted value of the future cash flows using market yields for the same type and comparable issues of debt.
we believe that our variable rate long-term debt instruments have net carrying values that approximate their fair values with only insignificant differences.
the inputs to these valuations are based on market data obtained from independent sources or information derived principally from observable market data. the difference between the fair value and the carrying value represents the theoretical net premium or discount we would pay or receive to retire all debt at the measurement date.
fair value of other financial instruments we believe that our other financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, mutual fund investments held in grantor trusts, receivables, and payables, have net carrying values that approximate their fair values with only insignificant differences. this is primarily due to the short-term nature of these instruments and the allowance for doubtful accounts.
note 14:
legal proceedings, commitments and contingencies this note provides details about our:
•  legal proceedings,
•  environmental matters and
•  commitments and other contingencies.
legal proceedings we are party to various legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. we are not currently a party to any legal proceeding that management believes could have a material adverse effect on our long-term consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. see "ongoing irs matter" in note 20: income taxes for a discussion of a tax proceeding involving plum creek reit's 2008 u.s. federal income tax return.
environmental matters our environmental matters include:
•  site remediation and
•  asset retirement obligations.
site remediation under the comprehensive environmental response, compensation and liability act - commonly known as the superfund -
and similar state laws, we:
•  are a party to various proceedings related to the cleanup of hazardous waste sites and
•  have been notified that we may be a potentially responsible party related to the cleanup of other hazardous waste sites for which proceedings have not yet been initiated.
we have received notification from the environmental protection agency (the epa) and have acknowledged that we are a potentially responsible party in a portion of the kalamazoo river superfund site in southwest michigan. our involvement in the remediation site is based on our former ownership of the plainwell, michigan mill located within the remediation site. several other companies also operated upstream pulp mills within the remediation site. we are currently cooperating with the other parties to jointly implement an administrative order issued by the epa on april 14, 2016, with respect to a portion of the site comprising a stretch of the river approximately 1.7 miles long referred to as the otsego township dam area. we do not expect to incur material losses related to the implementation of this administrative order; however, we may incur additional costs, as yet not specified, in connection with remediation tasks resulting from other areas of the site. the company, along with others, was named as a defendant by georgia pacific consumer products lp, fort james corporation and georgia-pacific llc in an action seeking contribution under cercla for remediation costs relating to the site. the trial has been concluded but a decision on cost contribution and allocation has not yet been rendered by the court.
our established reserves.
we have established reserves for estimated remediation costs on the active superfund sites and other sites for which we are a potentially responsible party. these reserves are recorded in "accrued liabilities" and "other liabilities" in our consolidated balance sheet .
changes in the reserve for environmental remediation dollar amounts in millions
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
reserve balance as of december 31, 2016     $                            34
reserve charges and adjustments, net                                     29
payments                                                                (15  )
reserve balance as of december 31, 2017     $                            48
total active sites as of december 31, 2017                               37
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
90
table of contents we change our accrual to reflect:
•  new information on any site concerning implementation of remediation alternatives,
•  updates on prior cost estimates and new sites and
•  costs incurred to remediate sites.
estimates.
we believe it is reasonably possible, based on currently available information and analysis, that remediation costs for all identified sites may exceed our existing reserves by up to $150 million .
this estimate, in which those additional costs may be incurred over several years, is the upper end of the range of reasonably possible additional costs. the estimate:
•  is much less certain than the estimates on which our accruals currently are based and
•  uses assumptions that are less favorable to us among the range of reasonably possible outcomes.
in estimating our current accruals and the possible range of additional future costs, we:
•  assumed we will not bear the entire cost of remediation of every site,
•  took into account the ability of other potentially responsible parties to participate and
•  considered each party's financial condition and probable contribution on a per-site basis.
we have not recorded any amounts for potential recoveries from insurance carriers.
asset retirement obligations we have obligations associated with the retirement of tangible long-lived assets consisting primarily of reforestation obligations related to forest management licenses in canada and obligations to close and cap landfills. some of our sites have asbestos containing materials. we have met our current legal obligation to identify and manage these materials. in situations where we cannot reasonably determine when asbestos containing materials might be removed from the sites, we have not recorded an accrual because the fair value of the obligation cannot be reasonably estimated. these obligations are recorded in "accrued liabilities" and "other liabilities" in our consolidated balance sheet .
changes in the reserve for asset retirement obligations dollar amounts in millions
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
reserve balance as of december 31,       $                                                                29
2016(1)
reserve charges and adjustments, net                                                                      12
payments                                                                                                 (11  )
other adjustments(2)                                                                                       2
reserve balance as of december 31, 2017  $                                                                32
(1) reserve balance for continuing operations
(2) primarily related to a foreign currency remeasurement gain for our canadian reforestation obligation commitments and other contingencies our commitments and contingencies include:
•  guarantees of debt and performance,
•  operating leases and
•  product remediation contingency.
guarantees we have guaranteed the performance of the buyer/lessee of a timberlands lease we sold in 2005. future payments on the lease, which expires in 2023 , are $12 million .
operating leases our rent expense for continuing operations was:
•  $39 millionin2017,
•  $37 millionin2016and
•  $24 millionin2015.
we have operating leases for:
•  various equipment, including logging equipment, lift trucks, automobiles and office equipment;
•  timberland ground leases; and
•  office and wholesale space.
future commitments on operating leases our operating lease commitments as of december 31, 2017 were:
dollar amounts in millions
─────────────────────────────────────────────
2018        $                            40
2019                                     35
2020                                     32
2021                                     29
2022                                     27
thereafter                              161
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
91
table of contents product remediation contingency in july 2017, the company announced it was implementing a solution to address concerns regarding our tji® joists with flak jacket® protection product. the company has determined that an odor in certain newly constructed homes is related to a recent formula change to the flak jacket coating that included a formaldehyde-based resin. this issue is isolated to flak jacket product manufactured after december 1, 2016, and does not affect any of the company's other products. we recorded a pretax charge of $290 million in the period ended december 31, 2017 , related to remediation costs. refer to note 18: charges for product remediation for further information.
note 15:
shareholders' interest this note provides details about:
•  preferred and preference shares,
•  common shares,
•  share-repurchase programs and
•  cumulative other comprehensive income (loss).
preferred and preference shares we had no preferred shares outstanding at the end of 2017 or 2016 . however, we have authorization to issue 7
million preferred shares with a par value of $1.00 per share.
on june 24, 2013, we issued 13.8 million of our 6.375 percent mandatory convertible preference shares, series a, par value $1.00 and liquidation preference of $50.00 per share, for net proceeds of $669 million , which remained outstanding at december 31, 2015 . dividends were payable on a cumulative basis when, as and if declared by our board of directors, at an annual rate of 6.375 percent on the liquidation preference. we could pay declared dividends in cash or, subject to certain limitations, in common shares or by delivery of any combination of cash and common shares on january 1, april 1, july 1 and october 1 of each year, commencing on october 1, 2013, through and including, july 1, 2016. these shares automatically converted to common shares on july 1, 2016. at any time prior to that date, holders could elect to convert each share into common shares at the minimum conversion rate of
1.5283 common shares, subject to anti-dilution adjustments.
on july 1, 2016, all outstanding 6.375 percent mandatory convertible preference shares, series a (preference shares) converted into weyerhaeuser common shares at a rate of 1.6929 weyerhaeuser common shares per preference share. the company issued a total of 23.2 million weyerhaeuser common shares in conjunction with the conversion, based on 13.7 million preference shares outstanding as of the conversion date.
in accordance with the terms of the preference shares, the number of weyerhaeuser common shares issuable on conversion was determined based on the average volume weighted average price of $29.54 for weyerhaeuser common shares over the 20-trading-day period beginning june 1, 2016, and ending on june 28, 2016.
we may issue preferred or preference shares at one time or through a series of offerings. the shares may have varying rights and preferences that can include:
•  dividend rights and amounts,
•  redemption rights,
•  conversion terms,
•  sinking-fund provisions,
•  values in liquidation and
•  voting rights.
when issued, outstanding preferred and preference shares rank senior to outstanding common shares. that means preferred and preference shares would receive dividends and assets available on liquidation before any payments are made to common shares.
common shares the number of common shares we have outstanding changes when:
•  new shares are issued,
•  stock options are exercised,
•  restricted stock units or performance share units vest,
•  stock-equivalent units are paid out,
•  shares are tendered,
•  shares are repurchased or
•  shares are canceled.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
92
table of contents reconciliation of our common share activity shares in thousands
2017       2016        2015
outstanding at beginning of year                   748,528    510,483     524,474
issuance from merger with plum                           -    278,887           -
creek(note 4)
stock options exercised                              5,970      2,571       1,592
issued for restricted stock units                      605        840         365
issued for performance shares                          120        219         242
preference shares converted to common                    -     23,345           -
repurchased                                              -    (67,817  )  (16,190  )
outstanding at end of year                         755,223    748,528     510,483
share repurchase programs on august 13, 2014, our board of directors approved a stock repurchase program under which we were authorized to repurchase up to $700 million of outstanding shares (the 2014 repurchase program). the 2014 repurchase program replaced the prior 2011 stock repurchase program. during 2014, we repurchased 6,062,993 shares of common stock for
$203 million under the 2014 repurchase program. during 2015, we completed the 2014 repurchase program by repurchasing 15,471,962 shares of common stock for $497 million .
on august 27, 2015, our board of directors approved a new share repurchase program of up to $500 million on outstanding shares (the 2015 repurchase program), commencing upon completion of the 2014 repurchase program. during
2015, we repurchased 717,464 shares of common stock for $22 million under the 2015 repurchase program. as of december 31, 2016 , we had remaining authorization of $478 million for future stock repurchases.
in november 2015, our board of directors approved a stock repurchase program under which we were authorized to repurchase up to $2.5 billion of outstanding shares subsequent to the closing of our merger with plum creek (the
2016 repurchase program). this new authorization replaced the august 2015 share repurchase authorization.
transaction fees incurred for repurchases are not counted as use of funds authorized for repurchases under the 2016
share repurchase authorization. during 2016, we repurchased 67,816,810 shares of common stock for $2 billion under the 2016 share repurchase authorization. we did not repurchase any shares of common stock during 2017. as of december 31, 2017 , we had remaining authorization of $500 million for future stock repurchases. we had 755,223
thousand shares of common stock outstanding as of december 31, 2017 .
all common stock purchases under the 2016, 2015, and 2014 repurchase programs were made in open-market transactions.
we record share repurchases upon trade date as opposed to the settlement date when cash is disbursed. we record a liability to account for repurchases that have not been cash settled. there were no unsettled repurchases as of december 31, 2017 , or december 31, 2016 .
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
93
table of contents cumulative other comprehensive income (loss)
changes in amounts included in our cumulative other comprehensive income (loss) by component are:
other                      unreal...
dollar   forei...                                    postre...                        gains amounts  curre...       pension         prior        benefi...         prior             on in       trans...       actuar...        servi...        actuar...        servi...        availa...
millio...  adjus...        losses         costs         losses        credi...        securi...        total
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
begin...
balan...
as of   $           207    $   (1,372  )  $     (11  )  $      (77  )  $      35     $        6    $  (1,212  )
janua...
1,
2016
other compr...
income               25          (590  )          -              5             -              1         (559  )
(loss)
before recla...
income                -           208             -             (1  )          -              -          207
taxes net other compr...
income               25          (382  )          -              4             -              1         (352  )
(loss)
before recla...
amoun...
recla...
from cumul...                -           156             4              9            (7  )           -          162
other compr...
income
(loss...
income                -           (53  )         (2  )          (3  )          1              -          (57  )
taxes net amoun...
recla...
from cumul...                -           103             2              6            (6  )           -          105
other compr...
income
(loss)
total other compr...               25          (279  )          2             10            (6  )           1         (247  )
income
(loss)
begin...
balan...
as of   $           232    $   (1,651  )  $      (9  )  $      (67  )  $      29     $        7    $  (1,459  )
janua...
1,
2017
other compr...
income               32          (356  )         (3  )          19             -              2         (306  )
(loss)
before recla...
income                -            76             1             (5  )          -              -           72
taxes net other compr...
income               32          (280  )         (2  )          14             -              2         (234  )
(loss)
before recla...
amoun...
recla...
from cumul...                -           195             4              8            (8  )           -          199
other compr...
income
(loss...
income                -           (66  )         (1  )          (3  )          2              -          (68  )
taxes net amoun...
recla...
from cumul...                -           129             3              5            (6  )           -          131
other compr...
income
(loss)
total other compr...               32          (151  )          1             19            (6  )           2         (103  )
income
(loss)
ending balan...
as of   $           264    $   (1,802  )  $      (8  )  $      (48  )  $      23     $        9    $  (1,562  )
decem...
31,
2017
(1)
actuar...
losses and prior service credits
(costs)
are includ...
in the comput...
of net period...
benefit costs
(credi...
seenot...
9
pension and other postre...
benefit plans.
note 16:
share-based compensation this note provides details about:
•  our long-term incentive compensation plan (2013 plan),
•  share-based compensation resulting from our merger with plum creek,
•  how we account for share-based awards,
•  tax benefits of share-based awards,
•  types of share-based compensation and
•  unrecognized share-based compensation.
share-based compensation expense was:
•  $40 millionin2017,
•  $60 millionin2016and
•  $31 millionin2015.
the 2016 and 2015 amounts above contain awards to employees of the divested cellulose fibers businesses and are included in our results of discontinued operations. these amounts are:
•  $6 millionin2016and
•  $6 millionin2015.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
94
table of contents our long-term incentive compensation plan our long-term incentive plans provide for share-based awards that include:
•  restricted stock,
•  restricted stock units,
•  performance shares
•  performance share units,
•  stock options and
•  stock appreciation rights.
we may issue future grants of up to 21 million shares under the 2013 plan (the plan). we also have the right to reissue forfeited and expired grants.
for restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance shares, performance share units or other equity grants:
•  an individual participant may receive a grant of up to1 millionshares annually.
•  no participant may be granted awards that exceed$10 millionearned in a 12-month period.
for stock options and stock appreciation rights:
•  an individual participant may receive a grant of up to2 millionshares in any one calendar year.
•  the exercise price is required to be the market price on the date of the grant.
the compensation committee of our board of directors (the committee) annually establishes an overall pool of stock awards available for grants based on performance.
for stock-settled awards, we:
•  issue new stock into the marketplace and
•  generally do not repurchase shares in connection with issuing new awards.
our common shares would increase by approximately 32 million shares if all share-based awards were exercised or vested. these include:
all options, restricted stock units, and performance share units outstanding atdecember 31, 2017, under the
•  2013 plan and 2004 plan; and
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
•  all remaining options, restricted stock units, and performance share units that could be granted under the
2013 plan.
share-based compensation resulting from our merger with plum creek replacement awards were granted as a result of the merger with plum creek. eligible outstanding plum creek stock options, restricted stock units and deferred stock unit awards were converted into equivalent equity awards with respect to weyerhaeuser common shares, after giving effect to the appropriate adjustments to reflect the consummation of the merger. in total, we issued replacement awards consisting of 1,953,128 stock options and
1,248,006 rsus. we also assumed 289,910 value management awards (vmas) through the merger with plum creek.
replacement stock option awards the replacement stock option awards issued as a result of the merger with plum creek have similar exercise provisions as the terms of our current awards. all replacement stock option awards were fully vested prior to the date of the merger, so no expense will be recorded. the value of the replacement stock option awards was $5 million , which was included in the equity consideration issued in the merger as described in note 4: merger with plum creek .
replacement restricted stock unit awards the replacement rsus issued as a result of the merger with plum creek have similar vesting provisions as the terms of existing weyerhaeuser restricted stock unit awards. expense for replacement rsus will continue to be recognized over the remaining service period unless a qualifying termination occurs. a qualifying termination of an awardee will result in acceleration of vesting and expense recognition in the period that the qualifying termination occurs. qualifying terminations during 2016 resulted in accelerated vesting of 705,394 of the replacement rsus and recognition of $15 million of expense. the accelerated expense is included in the merger-related integration costs as described in note 17: charges for integration and restructuring, closures and asset impairments .
value management awards following the merger, the vmas assumed were valued at target. all outstanding vmas, if earned, were set to vest december 31, 2017, and will be paid in the first quarter 2018. the vmas were classified and accounted for as liabilities, as they are settled in cash upon vesting. the expense recognized over the performance period subsequent to the merger was equal to the cash value of an award as of the last day of the performance period multiplied by the number of awards that were earned. expense for vmas was recognized over the remaining service period unless a qualifying termination occurs. a qualifying termination of an awardee resulted in the acceleration of vesting and expense recognition in the period that the qualifying termination occurred. qualifying terminations during 2016 resulted in $6 million of expense recognized. this accelerated expense is included in merger-related integration costs as described in note 17: charges for integration and restructuring, closures and asset impairments .
how we account for share-based awards when accounting for share-based awards we:
•  use a fair-value-based measurement for share-based awards and
•  recognize the cost of share-based awards in our consolidated financial statements.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
95
table of contents we recognize the cost of share-based awards in our consolidated statement of operations over the required service period - generally the period from the date of the grant to the date when it is vested. special situations include:
•  awards that vest upon retirement - the required service period ends on the date an employee is eligible for retirement, including early retirement.
•  awards that continue to vest following job elimination or the sale of a business - the required service period ends on the date the employment from the company is terminated.
in these special situations, compensation expense from share-based awards is recognized over a period that is shorter than the stated vesting period.
tax benefits of share-based awards our total income tax benefit from share-based awards - as recognized in our consolidated statement of operations -
for the last three years was:
•  $6 millionin2017,
•  $12 millionin2016and
•  $8 millionin2015.
the 2016 and 2015 amounts above contain income tax benefit from share-based awards to employees that were part of the cellulose fibers divestitures and are included in our results of discontinued operations. these amounts are:
•  $2 millionin2016and
•  $2 millionin2015.
tax benefits from share-based awards are accrued as stock compensation expense is recognized in the consolidated statement of operations . tax benefits from share-based awards are realized when:
•  restricted shares and restricted share units vest,
•  performance shares and performance share units vest,
•  stock options are exercised and
•  stock appreciation rights are exercised.
types of share-based compensation our share-based compensation is in the form of:
•  restricted stock units,
•  performance share units,
•  stock options,
•  stock appreciation rights,
•  deferred compensation stock equivalent units and
•  value management awards assumed in merger with plum creek.
restricted stock units through the plan, we award restricted stock units - grants that entitle the holder to shares of our stock as the award vests.
the details our restricted stock units granted in 2017 , 2016 and 2015 generally:
•  vest ratably overfouryears;
•  immediately vest in the event of death while employed or disability;
•  continue to vest upon retirement at an age of at least 62, but a portion of the grant is forfeited if retirement occurs before the one year anniversary of the grant;
•  continue vesting for one year in the event of involuntary termination when the retirement has not been met;
and
•  will be forfeited upon termination of employment in all other situations including early retirement prior to age 62.
our accounting the fair value of our restricted stock units is the market price of our stock on the grant-date of the awards.
we generally record share-based compensation expense for restricted stock units over the four-year vesting period.
generally, for restricted stock units that continue to vest following the termination of employment, we record the share-based compensation expense over a required service period that is less than the stated vesting period.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
96
table of contents activity the following table shows our restricted stock unit activity for 2017 .
weighted restricted        average stock units     grant-date
(in thousands)     fair value
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
nonvested at december 31, 2016                                                             1,583  $       26.49
granted                                                                                      739          32.83
vested                                                                                      -670          27.23
forfeited                                                                                   -137          27.43
nonvested at december 31, 2017(1)                                                          1,515  $       29.12
(1)  as of december 31, 2017, there were approximately 203
thousand restricted stock units that had met the requisite service period and will be released as identified in the grant terms.
the weighted average grant-date fair value for restricted stock units was:
•  $32.83in2017,
•  $30.25in2016and
•  $35.41in2015.
the total grant-date fair value of restricted stock units vested was:
•  $18 millionin2017,
•  $36 millionin2016and
•  $14 millionin2015.
nonvested restricted stock units accrue dividends that are paid out when restricted stock units vest. any restricted stock units forfeited will not receive dividends.
as restricted stock units vest, a portion of the shares awarded is withheld to cover employee taxes. as a result, the number of stock units vested and the number of common shares issued will differ.
performance share units through the plan, we award performance share units - grants that entitle the holder to shares of our stock as the award vests.
the details the final number of shares awarded will range from 0 percent to 150 percent of each grant's target, depending upon actual company performance.
for shares granted in 2017, the ultimate number of performance share units earned is based on two measures:
our relative total shareholder return (tsr) ranking measured against the s&p 500 over a three-year period
•  and
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
•  our relative tsr ranking measured against an industry peer group of companies over a three-year period.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
for shares granted in 2016, the ultimate number of performance share units earned is based on three measures:
•  our relative total shareholder return (tsr) ranking measured against the s&p 500 over a three-year period,
───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
•  our relative tsr ranking measured against an industry peer group of companies over a three-year period and
───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
•  achievement of plum creek merger cost synergy targets.
for shares granted in 2015, the ultimate number of performance share units earned is based on two measures:
our relative total shareholder return (tsr) ranking measured against the s&p 500 over a three-year period
•  and
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
•  our relative tsr ranking measured against an industry peer group of companies over a three-year period.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
the vesting provisions for performance share units granted in 2017, 2016 and 2015 were as follows:
•  vest 100 percent on the third anniversary of the grant date as long as the individual remains employed by the company;
•  fully vest in the event the participant dies or becomes disabled while employed;
•  continue to vest upon retirement at an age of at least 62, but a portion of the grant is forfeited if retirement occurs before the one year anniversary of the grant;
•  continue vesting for one year in the event of involuntary termination when the retirement criteria has not been met and the employee has met the second anniversary of the grant date; and
•  will be forfeited upon termination of employment in all other situations including early retirement prior to age 62.
our accounting since the awards contain a market condition, the effect of the market condition is reflected in the grant-date fair value which is estimated using a monte carlo simulation model. this model estimates the tsr ranking of the company over the performance period. compensation expense is based on the estimated probable number of earned awards and recognized over the vesting period on an accelerated basis. generally, compensation expense would be reversed if the performance condition is not met unless the requisite service period has been achieved.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
97
table of contents weighted average assumptions used in estimating the value of performance share units
2017grants                   2016grants                  2015grants performance period            1/1/2017 - 12/31/2019        1/1/2016 - 12/31/2018       1/1/2015 - 12/31/2017
expected dividends                             3.74                3.92% - 5.37%                        3.26
risk-free rate                        0.68% - 1.55%                0.45% - 0.97%               0.05% - 1.07%
volatility                          22.71% - 24.07%  %           21.87% - 28.09%             16.33% - 20.89%  %
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
weighted average           $                  37.93     $                  22.58    $                  34.75
grant-date fair value activity the following table shows our performance share unit activity for 2017 .
weighted average grants (in        grant-date thousands)        fair value
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
nonvested at december 31, 2016                                                            761     $       25.23
granted at target                                                                         346             37.93
vested                                                                                   (130  )          29.98
forfeited                                                                                 (12  )          30.93
nonvested at december 31, 2017(1)                                                         965     $       30.87
(1)  as of december 31, 2017, there were approximately 41
thousand performance share units that had met the requisite service period and will be released as identified in the grant terms.
the total grant-date fair value of performance share units vested was:
•  $4 millionin2017,
•  $8 millionin2016and
•  $9 millionin2015.
as performance share units vest, a portion of the shares awarded is withheld to cover participant taxes. as a result, the number of stock units vested and the number of common shares issued will differ.
stock options stock options entitle award recipients to purchase shares of our common stock at a fixed exercise price. during
2017 , we did not grant any stock option awards. when granted in prior years, however, we granted stock options with an exercise price equal to the market price of our stock on the date of the grant.
the details our stock options generally:
•  vest over four years of continuous service and
•  must be exercised within 10 years of the grant-date.
the vesting and post-termination vesting terms for stock options granted in 2016 and 2015 were as follows:
•  vest ratably overfouryears;
•  vest or continue to vest in the event of death while employed or disability;
•  continue to vest upon retirement at an age of at least 62, but a portion of the grant is forfeited if retirement occurs before the one year anniversary of the grant;
•  continue to vest for one year in the event of involuntary termination when the retirement criteria has not been met; and
•  stop vesting for all other situations including early retirement prior to age 62.
our accounting we use a black-scholes option valuation model to estimate the fair value of every stock option award on its grant-
date.
in our estimates, we use:
•  historical data - for option exercise time and employee terminations;
•  a monte-carlo simulation - for how long we expect granted options to be outstanding; and
•  the u.s. treasury yield curve - for the risk-free rate. we use a yield curve over a period matching the expected term of the grant.
the expected volatility in our valuation model is based on:
•  implied volatilities from traded options on our stock,
•  historical volatility of our stock and
•  other factors.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
98
table of contents weighted average assumptions used in estimating value of stock options granted
2016grants        2015grants expected volatility                             25.43  %          25.92  %
expected dividends                               5.37  %           3.28  %
expected term (in years)                         4.95              4.77
risk-free rate                                   1.28  %           1.54  %
weighted average grant-date fair value  $        2.73     $        5.85
share-based compensation expense for stock options is generally recognized over the vesting period. there are exceptions for stock options awarded to employees who:
•  are eligible for retirement,
•  will become eligible for retirement during the vesting period or
•  whose employment is terminated during the vesting period due to job elimination or the sale of a business.
in these cases, we record the share-based compensation expense over a required service period that is less than the stated vesting period.
activity the following table shows our option unit activity for 2017 .
weighted average weighted      remaining     aggregate options        average    contractual     intrinsic
(in       exercise           term     value (in thousands)          price     (in years)     millions)
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
outstanding at december 31, 2016                             14,712    $     24.96
granted                                                           -    $         -
exercised                                                    -5,975    $     22.71
forfeited or expired                                           -250    $     27.75
outstanding at december 31,                                   8,487    $     26.47           6.06  $         75
2017(1)
exercisable at december 31, 2017                              5,374    $     26.45           5.11  $        133
(1)  as of december 31, 2017, there were approximately 727
thousand stock options that had met the requisite service period and will be released as identified in the grant terms.
the total intrinsic value of stock options exercised was:
•  $68 millionin2017,
•  $18 millionin2016and
•  $13 millionin2015.
the total grant-date fair value of stock options vested was:
•  $5 millionin2017,
•  $14 millionin2016and
•  $14 millionin2015.
stock appreciation rights during 2017 , we did not grant any stock appreciation rights. when granted in prior years, however, we granted cash-settled stock appreciation rights as part of certain compensation awards.
the details stock appreciation rights are similar to stock options. employees benefit when the market price of our stock is higher on the exercise date than it was on the date the stock appreciation rights were granted. the differences are that the employee:
•  receives the benefit as a cash award and
•  does not purchase the underlying stock.
the vesting conditions and exceptions are the same as for 10-year stock options. details are in the stock options section earlier in this note.
stock appreciation rights are generally issued to employees outside of the u.s.
our accounting we use a black-scholes option-valuation model to estimate the fair value of a stock appreciation right on its grant
- date and every subsequent reporting date that the right is outstanding. stock appreciation rights are liability-
classified awards and the fair value is remeasured at every reporting date.
the process used to develop our valuation assumptions is the same as for the 10-year stock options we grant.
details are in the stock options section earlier in this note.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
99
table of contents weighted average assumptions used to re-measure value of stock appreciation rights at year-end
2016grants        2015grants expected volatility                  24.12  %          22.10  %
expected dividends                    4.04  %           4.20  %
expected term (in years)              2.20              1.94
risk-free rate                        1.36  %           0.99  %
weighted average fair value  $        7.84     $        6.96
activity the following table shows our stock appreciation rights activity for 2017 .
average weighted      remaining     aggregate rights         average    contractual     intrinsic
(in        exercise           term     value (in thousands)           price     (in years)     millions)
───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
outstanding at december 31, 2016         386     $     23.82
granted                                    -     $         -
exercised                               (102  )  $     24.08
forfeited or expired                     (12  )  $     30.39
outstanding at december 31, 2017         272     $     23.42           5.23  $          3
exercisable at december 31, 2017         168     $     21.54           2.29  $          2
the total liabilities paid for stock appreciation rights was:
•  $1 millionin2017,
•  $1 millionin2016and
•  $1 millionin2015.
unrecognized share-based compensation as of december 31, 2017 , our unrecognized share-based compensation cost for all types of share-based awards included $38 million related to non-vested equity-classified share-based compensation arrangements - expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately 2.0 years .
deferred compensation stock equivalent units certain employees and our board of directors may defer compensation into stock-equivalent units.
the details the plan works differently for employees and directors.
eligible employees:
•  may choose to defer all or part of their bonus into stock-equivalent units;
•  may choose to defer part of their salary, except for executive officers; and
•  receive a 15 percent premium if the deferral is for at least five years.
our directors:
•  receive a portion of their annual retainer fee in the form of restricted stock units, which vest over one year and may be deferred into stock-equivalent units;
•  may choose to defer some or all of the remainder of their annual retainer fee into stock-equivalent units;
and
•  do not receive a premium for their deferrals.
employees and directors also choose when the deferrals will be paid out although no deferrals may be paid until after the separation from service of the employee or director.
our accounting we settle all deferred compensation accounts in cash for our employees. our directors receive shares of common stock as payment for stock-equivalent units. in addition, we credit all stock-equivalent accounts with dividend equivalents. the number of common shares to be issued in the future to directors is 616 thousand .
stock-equivalent units are:
•  liability-classified awards and
•  re-measured to fair value at every reporting date.
the fair value of a stock-equivalent unit is equal to the market price of our stock.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
100
table of contents activity the number of stock-equivalent units outstanding in our deferred compensation accounts were:
•  804 thousandas ofdecember 31, 2017,
────────────────────────────────────────
•  1,004 thousandas ofdecember 31, 2016and
•  1,003 thousandas ofdecember 31, 2015.
note 17: charges for integration and restructuring, closures and asset impairments items included in our charges for integration and restructuring, closures and asset impairments integration and restructuring charges     dollar amounts in related to our merger with plum creek:    millions           2017       2016       2015
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
termination benefits                      $                    11    $    54    $     -
acceleration of share-based compensation related to qualifying terminations(note                         -         21          -
16)
acceleration of pension benefits related                        -          5          -
to qualifying terminations(note 9)
professional services                                          16         52         14
other integration and restructuring                             7         14          -
costs total integration and restructuring charges related to our merger with plum                        34        146         14
creek charges related to closures and other restructuring activities:
termination benefits                                            3          4          4
other closures and restructuring costs                          3          4          6
total charges related to closures and                           6          8         10
other restructuring activities impairment of long-lived assets                               154         16         15
total charges for integration and restructuring, closures and asset         $                   194    $   170    $    39
impairments integration, restructuring and closures during 2017, we incurred and accrued for termination benefits (primarily severance) and non-recurring professional services costs directly attributable to our merger with plum creek.
during 2016, we incurred and accrued for termination benefits (primarily severance), accelerated share-based payment costs, and accelerated pension benefits based upon actual and expected qualifying terminations of certain employees as a result of restructuring decisions made subsequent to the merger. we also incurred non-recurring professional services costs for investment banking, legal and consulting, and certain other fees directly attributable to our merger with plum creek.
during 2015, we incurred non-recurring professional services costs for banking, legal and consulting fees directly attributable to our merger with plum creek. we also incurred restructuring and closure charges related to the closure of four distribution centers for our wood products business.
other restructuring and closure costs include lease termination charges, dismantling and demolition of plant and equipment, gain or loss on disposition of assets, environmental cleanup costs and incremental costs to wind down operating facilities.
accrued termination benefits changes in accrued severance related to restructuring during 2017 were as follows:
dollar amounts in millions
───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
accrued severance as of december 31, 2016  $                            26
charges                                                                 14
payments                                                               (21  )
accrued severance as of december 31, 2017  $                            19
asset impairments the impairment of long-lived assets and goodwill sections of note 1: summary of significant accounting policies provide details about how we account for these impairments. additional information can also be found in our critical accounting policies .
long-lived assets our long-lived asset impairments were primarily related to the following:
2017- in second quarter 2017, we recognized an impairment charge to the timberlands and manufacturing assets of our uruguayan operations. on june 2, 2017, our board of directors approved an agreement to sell all of the company's equity in the uruguayan operations to a consortium led by btg pactual's timberland investment group (tig). as a result of this agreement, the related assets met the criteria to be classified as held for
•  sale at june 30, 2017. this designation required us to record the related assets at fair value, less an amount of estimated selling costs, and thus recognize a$147 millionnoncash pretax impairment charge. this amount was recorded in the timberlands segment. the fair value of the related assets was primarily based on the agreed upon cash purchase price of$403 million. on september 1, 2017, we announced the completion of the sale. refer tonote 3: discontinued operations and other divestituresfor further details on the uruguayan operations sale.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
101
table of contents additionally, in september 2017, we recognized an impairment charge of $6 million related to a nonstrategic asset in our wood products segment. the fair value of the asset was determined using the value indicated in a purchase sale agreement.
2016- we reviewed all of our development projects during 2016.  as a result, we ceased development and initiated plans to sell certain projects.  we analyzed each of the projects we ceased development and
•  initiated plans to sell and determined which had a book value greater than fair value.  we recognized a$15
millionimpairment charge in real estate & enr which represents the fair value less direct selling costs of these projects. the fair values of the projects were determined using significant unobservable inputs (level
3) based on broker opinion of value reports.
our remaining projects did not have any indicators of impairment; however, we corroborated this evaluation with an assessment of the undiscounted cash flows for the legacy weyerhaeuser projects or noted that projects acquired from plum creek were recorded at estimated fair value when acquired in 2016.
2015- we recognized an impairment charge of$13 millionrelated to a nonstrategic asset held in unallocated
•  items. the fair value of the asset was determined using significant unobservable inputs (level 3) based on a discounted cash flow model.  the asset was subsequently sold for no gain during 2015.
note 18: charges for product remediation in july 2017, we announced we were implementing a solution to address concerns regarding our tji® joists with flak jacket® protection product. this issue is isolated to flak jacket product manufactured after december 1, 2016, and does not affect any of our other products. we estimate that approximately 2,400 homes were affected.
we recorded a liability of $50 million in second quarter 2017 based on the preliminary information that was available at that time. as remediation work progressed, we obtained additional information and experience regarding the scope of the required remediation efforts and associated costs. accordingly, we adjusted our liability to account for the higher than originally expected cost per home for remediation, a modest increase in the estimated number of homes affected, as well as additional homebuilder and homeowner reimbursements. we recorded pretax charges of $190 million and $50 million in the third and fourth quarters 2017, respectively, to accrue for expected costs associated with the remediation.
our charges related to remediation efforts total $290 million for the period ended december 31, 2017 . the charges recorded are attributable to our wood products segment and were recorded in "charges for product remediation," on the consolidated statement of operations . as of december 31, 2017 , $192 million has been paid out in relation to our remediation efforts. the remaining accrual of $98 million is recorded in "accrued liabilities" on the consolidated balance sheet . the company ultimately expects a significant portion of the total expense will be covered by insurance, however, as of the date of these financial statements no amounts related to potential recoveries have been recorded.
note 19:
other operating costs (income), net other operating costs (income), net:
•  includes both recurring and occasional income and expense items and
•  can fluctuate from year to year.
various income and expense items included in other operating costs (income), net dollar amounts in millions               2017        2016        2015
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
gain on disposition of nonstrategic    $                                         (16  )  $   (60  )  $   (12  )
assets(1)
foreign exchange losses (gains),                                                  (1  )       (6  )       47
net(2)
litigation expense, net                                                           20          24          23
gain on sale of timberlands(3)                                                   (99  )        -           -
environmental remediation insurance                                              (42  )        -           -
recoveries other, net                                                                        10         (11  )      (17  )
total other operating costs (income),  $                                        (128  )  $   (53  )  $    41
net
(1) gain on disposition of nonstrategic assets in 2016 included a $36 million pretax gain recognized in first quarter
2016 on the sale of our federal way, washington headquarters campus.
(2) foreign exchange gains and losses result from changes in exchange rates primarily related to our u.s. dollar denominated debt that is held by our canadian subsidiary.
(3) gain on sale of 100,000 acres sold to twin creeks during q4 2017. refer tonote 8: related partiesfor further information.
note 20:
income taxes this note provides details about our income taxes applicable to continuing operations:
•  earnings before income taxes,
•  provision for income taxes,
•  effective income tax rate,
•  deferred tax assets and liabilities,
•  unrecognized tax benefits and
•  our ongoing irs tax matter.
income taxes related to discontinued operations are discussed in note 3: discontinued operations and other divestitures .
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
102
table of contents the income taxes section of note 1: summary of significant accounting policies provides details about how we account for our income taxes.
tax legislation on december 22, 2017, h.r. 1, commonly known as the tax cuts and jobs act (the "tax act"), was enacted. the tax act contains significant changes to corporate taxation, including the reduction of the corporate tax rate from 35
percent to 21 percent . as a result of the reduction in the corporate tax rate, we have revalued our deferred tax assets and liabilities and have recorded a tax expense of $74 million during 2017, which reduced our net deferred tax asset. the deemed repatriation on deferred foreign income provisions does not impact our operations due to the fact that we have no foreign undistributed earnings.
earnings before income taxes domestic and foreign earnings from continuing operations before income taxes dollar amounts in millions           2017       2016       2015
───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
domestic earnings                   $                   643    $   353    $   326
foreign earnings                                         73        151         27
total earnings before income taxes  $                   716    $   504    $   353
provision for income taxes provision (benefit) for income taxes from continuing operations dollar amounts in current:                              millions           2017        2016        2015
──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
federal                               $                    10     $     1     $     7
state                                                       -           1          (2  )
foreign                                                    82          11          (5  )
total current                                              92          13           -
deferred:
federal                                                    61          37         (69  )
state                                                     (18  )       (3  )       (3  )
foreign                                                    (1  )       42          14
total deferred                                             42          76         (58  )
total income tax provision (benefit)  $                   134     $    89     $   (58  )
effective income tax rate effective income tax rate applicable to continuing operations dollar amounts in millions           2017        2016         2015
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
u.s. federal statutory income tax         $                   250     $   177     $    123
state income taxes, net of federal tax                         (2  )       (3  )        (5  )
benefit reit income not subject to federal                           (198  )      (99  )      (158  )
income tax reit benefit from change to tax law                             -           -          (13  )
tax affect of u.s. corporate rate change                       74           -            -
foreign taxes                                                  54          (4  )         4
provision for unrecognized tax benefits                        (2  )        -           (7  )
repatriation of canadian earnings                             (22  )       24            -
other, net                                                    (20  )       (6  )        (2  )
total income tax provision (benefit)      $                   134     $    89     $    (58  )
effective income tax rate                                    18.8  %     17.6  %     (16.4  )%
deferred tax assets and liabilities deferred tax assets and liabilities reflect the future tax impact created by differences between the timing of when income or deductions are recognized for pretax financial book reporting purposes versus income tax purposes.
deferred tax assets represent a future tax benefit (or reduction to income taxes in a future period), while deferred tax liabilities represent a future tax obligation (or increase to income taxes in a future period). our deferred tax assets and liabilities have been revalued for the reduction in the u.s. corporate tax rate.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
103
table of contents balance sheet classification of deferred income tax assets (liabilities) related to continuing operations dollar amounts in millions           december 31,2017       december 31,2016
───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
net noncurrent deferred tax asset      $                               268    $               293
net noncurrent deferred tax liability                                    -                      -
net deferred tax asset (liability)     $                               268    $               293
items included in our deferred income tax assets (liabilities)
dollar amounts in millions           december 31,2017        december 31,2016
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
postretirement benefits             $                                50     $                76
pension                                                             306                     395
state tax credits                                                    56                      46
other reserves                                                       38                      14
net operating loss carryforwards                                     18                      25
other                                                               152                     218
gross deferred tax assets                                           620                     774
valuation allowance                                                 (63  )                  (56  )
net deferred tax assets                                             557                     718
property, plant and equipment                                      (154  )                 (214  )
timber installment notes                                           (116  )                 (180  )
other                                                               (19  )                  (31  )
deferred tax liabilities                                           (289  )                 (425  )
net deferred tax asset (liability)  $                               268     $               293
other information about our deferred income tax assets (liabilities)
other information about our deferred income tax assets (liabilities) include:
•  net operating loss and credit carryforwards,
•  valuation allowances and
•  reinvestment of undistributed earnings.
net operating loss and credit carryforwards our gross federal, state and foreign net operating loss carryforwards as of the end of 2017 totaled $1.0 billion as follows:
•  u.s. reit -$684 million, which expire from2030through2036;
•  state -$349 million, which expire from2018through2037; and
•  foreign - none.
our gross state credit carryforwards at the end of 2017 totaled $70 million , which includes $22 million that expire from 2018 through 2031 and $48 million that do not expire. our u.s. trs has $6 million in foreign tax credit carryforwards that expire in 2027 .
valuation allowances with the exception of the valuation allowance discussed below, we believe it is more likely than not that we will have sufficient future taxable income to realize our deferred tax assets.
our valuation allowance on our deferred tax assets was $63 million at the end of 2017 , related to state credits, state net operating losses and passive foreign tax credits.
reinvestment of undistributed earnings it is our practice and intention to reinvest the earnings of our foreign subsidiaries into those respective operations. as such, we have not made a provision for u.s. income taxes or additional foreign withholding taxes for potential distribution of future earnings of our foreign subsidiaries which are permanently reinvested. as of december 31, 2017 , we had no foreign undistributed earnings.
unrecognized tax benefits unrecognized tax benefits represent potential future obligations to taxing authorities if uncertain tax positions we have taken on previously filed tax returns are not sustained. the total gross amount of unrecognized tax benefits as of december 31, 2017 , and 2016 , is $4 million and $6 million , of which a net amount of $2 million and $5 million , respectively, would affect our tax rate if recognized.
the net liability recorded in our consolidated balance sheet related to unrecognized tax benefits is $2 million as of december 31, 2017 , comprised of the $4 million gross unrecognized tax benefit amount net of $2 million in loss carryforwards available to offset the liability. the net liability as of december 31, 2016 was $5 million , comprised of $6 million gross unrecognized tax benefit amount net of $2 million loss carryforwards available to offset the liability and includes $1 million of interest.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
104
table of contents in accordance with our accounting policy, we accrue interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. see note 1: summary of significant accounting policies.
reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits dollar amounts in millions           december 31,2017        december 31,2016
───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
balance at beginning of year  $                                 6     $                 6
lapse of statute                                               (2  )                    -
balance at end of year        $                                 4     $                 6
as of december 31, 2017 , none of our u.s. federal income tax returns are under examination, with years 2013
forward open to examination. we are undergoing examinations in state jurisdictions for tax years 2013 through 2016, with tax years 2009 forward open to examination. we are also undergoing examinations in foreign jurisdictions for tax years 2013 through 2014, with tax years 2010 forward open to examination . we do not expect that the outcome of any examination will have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements; however, audit outcomes and the timing of audit settlements are subject to significant uncertainty.
in the next 12 months, we estimate a decrease of $1 million in unrecognized tax benefits due to the lapse of applicable statutes of limitation.
ongoing irs matter in connection with the merger with plum creek, we acquired equity interests in southern diversified timber, llc, a timberland joint venture (timberland venture) with an affiliate of campbell global llc (tcg member). on august 31,
2016, the timberland venture redeemed tcg member's interest and became a fully consolidated, wholly-owned subsidiary of weyerhaeuser.
we received a notice of final partnership administrative adjustment (fpaa), dated july 20, 2016, from the internal revenue service (irs) in regard to plum creek's 2008 u.s. federal income tax treatment of the transaction forming the timberland venture. the irs is asserting that the transfer of the timberlands to the timberland venture was a taxable transaction to plum creek at the time of the transfer rather than a nontaxable capital contribution. we have filed a petition in the u.s. tax court and will vigorously contest this adjustment.
in the event that we are unsuccessful in this tax litigation, we could be required to recognize and distribute gain to shareholders of approximately $600 million and pay built-in gains tax of approximately $100 million . we would also be required to pay interest on both of those amounts, which would be substantial. as much as 80 percent of any such gain distribution could be made with our common stock, and shareholders would be subject to tax on the distribution at the applicable capital gains tax rate. alternatively, we could elect to retain the gain and pay corporate-level tax to minimize interest costs to the company.
although the outcome of this process cannot be predicted with certainty, we are confident in our position based on u.s. tax law and believe we will be successful in defending it. accordingly, no reserve has been recorded related to this matter.
note 21:
geographic areas this note provides selected key financial data according to the geographical locations of our customers. the selected key financial data includes:
•  sales to unaffiliated customers,
•  export sales from the u.s. and
•  long-lived assets.
sales our sales to unaffiliated customers outside the u.s. are primarily to customers in canada, china and japan. our export sales include:
•  logs, lumber and wood chips to japan and
•  logs and lumber to other pacific rim countries.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
105
table of contents sales by geographic area dollar amounts in sales to unaffiliated customers:  millions            2017        2016        2015
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
u.s.                              $                  6,168    $  5,451    $  4,362
canada                                                 472         341         307
japan                                                  352         369         363
china                                                  107         108          99
other foreign countries                                 97          96         115
total                             $                  7,196    $  6,365    $  5,246
export sales from the u.s.:
japan                             $                    295    $    314    $    309
china                                                  102         103          97
other foreign countries                                148          98          91
total                             $                    545    $    515    $    497
long-lived assets our long-lived assets - used in the generation of revenues in the different geographical areas - are nearly all in the u.s. and canada. our long-lived assets include:
•  property and equipment, including construction in progress,
•  timber and timberlands,
•  minerals and mineral rights and
•  goodwill.
long-lived assets by geographic area dollar amounts in                                                              december 31, millions             december 31, 2017       december 31, 2016(1)                   2015(1)
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
u.s.                $                               14,922    $                15,700    $                8,260
canada                                                 223                        206                       460
other foreign                                            -                        527                       654
countries total               $                               15,145    $                16,433    $                9,374
(1)   includes assets of discontinued operations.
note 22: selected quarterly financial information (unaudited)
quarterly financial data provides a review of our results and performance throughout the year. our earnings per share for the full year do not always equal the sum of the four quarterly earnings-per share amounts because of common share activity during the year.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
106
table of contents key quarterly financial data for the last two years dollar amounts in millions except per-share           first            second              third            fourth
2017:       figures           quarter           quarter         quarter(1)        quarter(1)          full year
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
net sales   $                   1,693    $        1,808    $         1,872    $        1,823    $         7,196
operating income from                              293               157                205               476              1,131
continuing operations earnings from continuing operations                        181                58                103               374                716
before income taxes net                               157                24                130               271                582
earnings net earnings attributa...
to                                157                24                130               271                582
weyerhaeu...
common sharehold...
basic net earnings per share attributa...                       0.21              0.03               0.17              0.36               0.77
to weyerhaeu...
common sharehold...
diluted net earnings per share attributa...                       0.21              0.03               0.17              0.36               0.77
to weyerhaeu...
common sharehold...
dividends paid per                         0.31              0.31               0.31              0.32               1.25
share market                       $34.37 -          $35.50 -           $34.46 -          $36.92 -           $36.92 -
prices -                       $29.88            $32.28             $30.95            $33.92             $29.88
high/low
2016:
net sales   $                   1,405    $        1,655    $         1,709    $        1,596    $         6,365
operating income from                              139               248                261               174                822
continuing operations earnings from continuing operations                         72               161                184                87                504
before income taxes net                                81               168                227               551              1,027
earnings net earnings attributa...
to                                 70               157                227               551              1,005
weyerhaeu...
common sharehold...
basic net earnings per share attributa...                       0.11              0.21               0.30              0.74               1.40
to weyerhaeu...
common sharehold...
diluted net earnings per share attributa...                       0.11              0.21               0.30              0.73               1.39
to weyerhaeu...
common sharehold...
dividends paid per                         0.31              0.31               0.31              0.31               1.24
share market                       $31.38 -          $32.56 -           $33.17 -          $33.28 -           $33.28 -
prices -                       $22.06            $26.55             $29.52            $28.58             $22.06
high/low
(1)  third and fourth quarter
2016
include a gain on our cellulose fibers divestitur...
refer tonote 3:
discontinu...
operations and other divestitur...
further informatio...
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
107
table of contents changes in and disagreements with accountants on accounting and financial disclosure not applicable.
controls and procedures evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures the company's principal executive officer and principal financial officer have evaluated the effectiveness of the company's disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this annual report on form
10-k. disclosure controls are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports filed or submitted under the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended (act), is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the securities and exchange commission's (sec) rules and forms. disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the act is accumulated and communicated to the company's management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
based on their evaluation, the company's principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that the company's disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed complies with the sec's rules and forms.
changes in internal control during 2017, we integrated the acquired plum creek operations into our overall internal controls over financial reporting. no changes occurred in the company's internal control over financial reporting during the period that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the company's internal control over financial reporting.
management's report on internal control over financial reporting management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as is defined in the securities and exchange act of 1934 rules. management, under our supervision, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the company's internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in internal control - integrated framework (2013) issued by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission (coso). based on our evaluation under the framework in internal control - integrated framework
(2013), management concluded that the company's internal control over financial reporting was effective as of december 31, 2017 . the effectiveness of the company's internal control over financial reporting as of december 31,
2017 , has been audited by kpmg llp, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which is included herein.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
108
table of contents report of independent registered public accounting firm to the shareholders and board of directors weyerhaeuser company:
opinion on internal control over financial reporting we have audited weyerhaeuser company and subsidiaries' (the company) internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2017, based on criteria established in internal control - integrated framework (2013) issued by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission. in our opinion, the company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2017, based on criteria established in internal control - integrated framework (2013) issued by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission.
we also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the public company accounting oversight board (united states) (pcaob), the consolidated balance sheets of the company as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended december 31, 2017, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated february 16, 2018 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements.
basis for opinion the company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying management's report on internal control over financial reporting. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. we are a public accounting firm registered with the pcaob and are required to be independent with respect to the company in accordance with the u.s. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the securities and exchange commission and the pcaob.
we conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the pcaob. those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk.
our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. we believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
definition and limitations of internal control over financial reporting a company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. a company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
/s/ kpmg llp seattle, washington february 16, 2018
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
109
table of contents directors, executive officers and corporate governance a list of our executive officers and biographical information are found in the our business - executive officers of the registrant section of this report. information with respect to directors of the company and certain other corporate governance matters, as required by this item to form 10-k, is set forth in the notice of the 2018 annual meeting and proxy statement for the company's annual meeting of shareholders to be held may 18, 2018 under the headings "item 1. election of directors - nominees for election," "item 1. election of directors - committees of the board ," "stock information - section 16(a) beneficial ownership reporting compliance," and "corporate governance at weyerhaeuser - code of ethics," and in each case is incorporated herein by reference.
the weyerhaeuser code of ethics applies to our chief executive officer, our chief financial officer and our chief accounting officer, as well as other officers, directors and employees of the company. the weyerhaeuser code of ethics is posted on our website at www.weyerhaeuser.com, and currently is located under the tabs "sustainability", then "governance" and finally "operating ethically."
executive and director compensation information with respect to executive and director compensation, as required by this item to form 10-k, is set forth in the notice of the 2018 annual meeting and proxy statement for the company's annual meeting of shareholders to be held may 18, 2018 under the headings "item 1. election of directors - directors' compensation" and "executive compensation," and in each case, is incorporated herein by reference.
security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and related stockholder matters information with respect to security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and with respect to securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans, as required by this item to form 10-k, is set forth the notice of the 2018 annual meeting and proxy statement for the company's annual meeting of shareholders to be held may 18, 2018 under the headings "stock information - beneficial ownership of common shares," and "stock information - information about securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans," and in each case, is incorporated herein by reference.
certain relationships and related transactions and director independence information about certain relationships and related transactions and director independence, as required by this item to form 10-k, is set forth in the notice of the 2018 annual meeting and proxy statement for the company's annual meeting of shareholders to be held may 18, 2018 under the headings "corporate governance at weyerhaeuser -
related party transactions review and approval policy," "corporate governance at weyerhaeuser - independent board of directors," and "item 1. election of directors - committees of the board," and in each case, is incorporated herein by reference.
principal accounting fees and services information with respect to principal accounting fees and services , as required by this item to form 10-k, is set forth in the notice of the 2018 annual meeting and proxy statement for the company's annual meeting of shareholders to be held may 18, 2018 under the heading "item 3. ratify selection of independent registered public accounting firm" and is incorporated herein by reference.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
110
table of contents exhibits and financial statement schedules all financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements, or the notes thereto, in financial statements and supplementary data above.
the agreements included as exhibits to this annual report are included to provide information about their terms and not to provide any other factual or disclosure information about the company or the other parties to the agreements. the agreements may contain representations and warranties by each of the parties to the applicable agreement that were made solely for the benefit of the other parties to the agreement and should not be treated as categorical statements of fact, but rather as a way of allocating the risk among the parties if those statements prove to be inaccurate. these representations and warranties may have been qualified by disclosures that were made to the other party in connection with the negotiation of the applicable agreement, which disclosures are not necessarily reflected in the agreement, may apply standards of materiality in a way that is different from what may be viewed as material to investors, were made only as of the date of the applicable agreement or such other date or dates as may be specified in the agreement, and are subject to more recent developments. accordingly, these representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time.
exhibits
2  -      plan of acquisition, reorganization, arrangement, liquidation or succession transaction agreement, dated as of november 3, 2013, among weyerhaeuser company, weyerhaeuser real
-a  estate company, tri pointe homes, inc. and topaz acquisition, inc. (incorporated by reference toexhibit 2.1to the current report on form 8-k filed on november 4, 2013 - commission file number
1-4825)
agreement and plan of merger, dated as of november 6, 2015, between weyerhaeuser company and plum
-b  creek timber company, inc. (incorporated by reference toexhibit 2.1to the current report on form 8-k filed on november 9, 2015 - commission file number 1-4825)
asset purchase agreement, dated as of may 1, 2016, by and between weyerhaeuser nr company and
-c  international paper company (incorporated by reference toexhibit 2.2to the quarterly report on form
10-q filed on august 5, 2016 - commission file number 1-4825)
3  -      articles of incorporation articles of incorporation (incorporated by reference toexhibit 3.1to the quarterly report on form
-a  10-q filed on may 6, 2011 - commission file number 1-4825, and toexhibit 3.1to the current report on form 8-k filed on june 20, 2013 - commission file number 1-4825)
-b  bylaws (incorporated by reference toexhibit 3.2to the quarterly report on form 10-q filed on may 6,
2011 - commission file number 1-4825)
4  -      instruments defining the rights of security holders, including indentures indenture dated as of april 1, 1986 between weyerhaeuser company and the bank of new york mellon
-a  trust company, n.a. (as successor to jpmorgan chase bank, formerly known as the chase manhattan bank and chemical bank), a national banking association, as trustee (incorporated by reference from theregistration statement on form s-3, registration no. 333-36753)
first supplemental indenture dated as of february 15, 1991 between weyerhaeuser company and the bank
-b  of new york mellon trust company, n.a. (as successor to jpmorgan chase bank, formerly known as the chase manhattan bank and chemical bank), a national banking association, as trustee (incorporated by reference from the registration statement on form s-3, registration no. 333-52982)**
second supplemental indenture dated as of february 1, 1993 between weyerhaeuser company and the bank
-c  of new york mellon trust company, n.a. (as successor to jpmorgan chase bank, formerly known as the chase manhattan bank and chemical bank), a national banking association, as trustee (incorporated by reference from the registration statement on form s-3, registration no. 333-59974)**
third supplemental indenture dated as of october 22, 2001 between weyerhaeuser company and the bank
-d  of new york mellon trust company, n.a. (as successor to jpmorgan chase bank, formerly known as the chase manhattan bank and chemical bank), a national banking association, as trustee (incorporated by reference toexhibit 4(d)to the registration statement on form s-3, registration no. 333-72356)
fourth supplemental indenture dated as of march 12, 2002 between weyerhaeuser company and the bank of
-e  new york mellon trust company, n.a. (as successor to jpmorgan chase bank, formerly known as the chase manhattan bank and chemical bank), a national banking association, as trustee (incorporated by reference toexhibit 4.8from the registration statement on form s-4/a, registration no. 333-82376)
indenture dated as of march 15, 1983 between weyerhaeuser company (as successor to willamette
-f  industries, inc.) and the bank of new york mellon trust company, n.a. (as successor to jpmorgan chase bank, formerly known as the chase manhattan bank), as trustee indenture dated as of january 30, 1993 between weyerhaeuser company (as successor to willamette
-g  industries, inc.) and the bank of new york mellon trust company, n.a. (as successor to jpmorgan chase bank, formerly known as the chase manhattan bank), as trustee first supplemental trust indenture dated as of march 12, 2002 between weyerhaeuser company (as
-h  successor to willamette industries, inc.) and the bank of new york mellon trust company, n.a. (as successor to jpmorgan chase bank, formerly known as the chase manhattan bank), as trustee indenture dated as of january 15, 1996 between weyerhaeuser company limited (as successor to
-i  macmillan bloedel limited) and the bank of new york mellon trust company, n.a. (as successor to harris trust company of new york, formerly known as bank of montreal trust company), as trustee weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
111
table of contents first supplemental indenture dated as of november 1, 1999 between weyerhaeuser company limited and the bank of new york mellon trust company, n.a. (as successor to harris trust company of new york, formerly bank of montreal trust company), as trustee note indenture dated november 14, 2005 by and among plum creek timberlands, l.p., as issuer, weyerhaeuser company, as successor to plum creek timber company, inc., as guarantor, and u.s. bank
(j)  national association, as trustee (incorporated by reference toexhibit 4.2to the current report on
(k)  form 8-k filed on february 19, 2016 - commission file number 1-4825)
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
supplemental indenture no. 1 dated as of february 19, 2016 by and among plum creek timberlands,
-l   l.p., as issuer, weyerhaeuser company, as guarantor, and u.s. bank national association, as trustee
(incorporated by reference toexhibit 4.1to the current report on form 8-k filed on february 19,
2016 - commission file number 1-4825)
supplemental indenture no. 2 dated september 28, 2016 by and between weyerhaeuser company, as
-m   successor issuer, and u.s. bank national association, as trustee (incorporated by reference toexhibit 4.1to the current report on form 8-k filed on september 30, 2016 - commission file number
1-4825)
officer's certificate dated november 15, 2010 executed by plum creek timberlands, l.p., as issuer
-n   (incorporated by reference toexhibit 4.3to the current report on form 8-k filed on february 19,
2016 - commission file number 1-4825 )
officer's certificate dated november 26, 2012 executed by plum creek timberlands, l.p., as issuer
-o   (incorporated by reference toexhibit 4.4to the current report on form 8-k filed on february 19,
2016 - commission file number 1-4825 )
assumption and amendment agreement and installment note dated as of april 28, 2016 by and among
-p   plum creek timberlands, l.p., weyerhaeuser company and meadwestvaco timber note holding company ii, l.l.c. (incorporated by reference toexhibit 4.1to the current report on form 8-k filed on may 4,
2016 - commission file number 1-4825)
10  -       material contracts form of weyerhaeuser executive change of control agreement (incorporated by reference toexhibit
-a   10(a)to the annual report on form 10-k for the annual period ended december 31, 2016 - commission file number 1-4825)*
-b   form of executive severance agreement (incorporated by reference toexhibit 10(b)to the annual report on form 10-k for the annual period ended december 31, 2016 - commission file number 1-4825)*
form of plum creek executive change in control agreement (incorporated by reference toexhibit
-c   10(c)to the annual report on form 10-k for the annual period ended december 31, 2016 - commission file number 1-4825)*
executive employment agreement with doyle simons dated february 17, 2016 (incorporated by reference
-d   toexhibit 10(v)to the annual report on form 10-k for the annual period ended december 31, 2015 -
commission file number 1-4825)*
weyerhaeuser company 2013 long-term incentive plan (incorporated by reference toexhibit 10.1to the
-e   current report on form 8-k filed with the securities and exchange commission on february 19, 2013 -
commission file number 1-4825)*
form of weyerhaeuser company 2013 long-term incentive plan stock option award terms and conditions
-f   (incorporated by reference toexhibit 10.2to the current report on form 8-k filed on april 16, 2013
- commission file number 1-4825)*
form of weyerhaeuser company 2013 long term incentive plan performance share unit award terms and
-g   conditions for plan year 2016 (incorporated by reference toexhibit 10.1to the current report on form 8-k filed on january 22, 2016 - commission file number 1-4825)*
form of weyerhaeuser company 2013 long term incentive plan performance share unit award terms and
-h   conditions for plan years 2017 and 2018 (incorporated by reference toexhibit 10.1the current report on form 8-k filed on january 26, 2017 - commission file number 1-4825)*
-i   form of weyerhaeuser company 2013 long-term incentive plan restricted stock unit award terms and conditions*
form of weyerhaeuser company 2004 long-term incentive plan stock option award terms and conditions
-j   (incorporated by reference toexhibit 10.1to the current report on form 8-k filed on february 11,
2013 - commission file number 1-4825)*
weyerhaeuser company 2004 long-term incentive compensation plan, as amended and restated
-k   (incorporated by reference toexhibit 10.5to the current report on form 8-k filed on december 29,
2010 - commission file number 1-4825)*
form of plum creek executive stock option, restricted stock unit and value management award
-l   agreement for plan year 2009 (incorporated by reference toexhibit 10(u)to the annual report on form
10-k for the annual period ended december 31, 2016 - commission file number 1-4825)*
form of plum creek executive stock option, restricted stock unit and value management award
-m   agreement for plan year 2010 (incorporated by reference toexhibit 10(v)to the annual report on form
10-k for the annual period ended december 31, 2016 - commission file number 1-4825)*
form of plum creek executive stock option, restricted stock unit and value management award
-n   agreement for plan year 2011 (incorporated by reference toexhibit 10(w)to the annual report on form
10-k for the annual period ended december 31, 2016 - commission file number 1-4825)*
form of plum creek executive restricted stock unit and value management award agreement for plan
-o   year 2015 (incorporated by reference toexhibit 10(z)to the annual report on form 10-k for the annual period ended december 31, 2016 - commission file number 1-4825)*
form of plum creek executive restricted stock unit agreement for plan year 2016 (incorporated by
-p   reference toexhibit 10(aa)to the annual report on form 10-k for the annual period ended december
31, 2016 - commission file number 1-4825)*
-q   2012 plum creek timber company, inc. stock incentive plan (incorporated by reference toexhibit
99.1from the registration statement on form s-8, registration no. 333-209617)*
-r   amended and restated plum creek timber company, inc. stock incentive plan (incorporated by reference toexhibit 99.2from the registration statement on form s-8, registration no. 333-209617)*
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
112
table of contents plum creek supplemental pension plan (incorporated by reference toexhibit 10(dd)to the annual
-s   report on form 10-k for the annual period ended december 31, 2016 - commission file number
1-4825)*
-t   plum creek pension plan (incorporated by reference toexhibit 10(ee)to the annual report on form 10-k for the period ended december 31, 2016 - commission file number 1-4825)*
plum creek supplemental benefits plan (incorporated by reference toexhibit 10(ff)to the annual
-u   report on form 10-k for the annual period ended december 31, 2016 - commission file number
1-4825)*
weyerhaeuser company amended and restated annual incentive plan for salaried employees (as
-v   amended effective may 19, 2016) (incorporated by reference toexhibit 10.1to the current report on form 8-k filed on may 25, 2016 - commission file number 1-4825)*
weyerhaeuser company 2015 deferred compensation plan (incorporated by reference toexhibit
-w   10.3to the current report on form 8-k filed on december 22, 2014 - commission file number
1-4825)*
weyerhaeuser company salaried employees supplemental retirement plan (incorporated by
-x   reference toexhibit 10(p)to the annual report on form 10-k for the annual period ended december 31, 2004 - commission file number 1-4825)*
2011 fee deferral plan for directors of weyerhaeuser company (amended and restated effective
-y   january 1, 2016) (incorporated by reference toexhibit 10.1to the quarterly report on form 10-q filed on may 6, 2016 - commission file number 1-4825)*
-z   form of weyerhaeuser company 2013 long-term incentive plan director restricted stock unit award terms and conditions*
revolving credit facility agreement dated as of march 6, 2017, among weyerhaeuser company, as borrower, the lenders party thereto, jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., as co-administrative agent,
-aa  and wells fargo bank, national association, as co-administrative agent and paying agent.
(incorporated by reference toexhibit 10.1to the current report on form 8-k filed on march 10,
2017 - commission file number 1-4825)
term loan agreement dated july 24, 2017, by and among weyerhaeuser company, northwest farm
-bb  credit services, pca, as administrative agent, and the lender party thereto (incorporated by reference toexhibit 10to the quarterly report on form 10-q filed on july 28, 2017- commission file number 1-4825)
form of tax sharing agreement to be entered into by and among weyerhaeuser company,
-cc  weyerhaeuser real estate company and tri pointe homes, inc. (incorporated by reference toexhibit 10.5to the current report on form 8-k filed on november 4, 2013 - commission file number 1-4825)
first amendment to tax sharing agreement dated as of july 7, 2015 by and among weyerhaeuser
-dd  company, tri pointe holdings, inc. (f/k/a weyerhaeuser real estate company) and tri pointe homes, inc. (incorporated by reference toexhibit 10to the quarterly report on form 10-q filed on july 31, 2015 - commission file number 1-4825)
redemption agreement dated as of august 30, 2016 by and among southern diversified timber, llc, weyerhaeuser nr company, tcg member, llc, plum creek timber operations i, l.l.c.,
-ee  tcg/southern diversified manager, llc, southern diversified, llc, campbell opportunity fund vi, l.p., and campbell opportunity fund vi-a, l.p. (incorporated by reference toexhibit 10.1to the quarterly report on form 10-q filed on october 28, 2016 - commission file number 1-4825)
12       -       statements regarding computation of ratios
14       -       code of business conduct and ethics (incorporated by reference toexhibit 14.1to the current report on form 8-k filed on august 22, 2016 - commission file number 1-4825)
21       -       subsidiaries of the registrant
23       -       consent of independent registered public accounting firm
31       -       certification pursuant to rule 13a-14(a) under the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended
32       -       certification pursuant to rule 13a-14(b) under the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended, and section 1350 of chapter 63 of title 18 of the united states code (18 u.s.c. 1350)
101.ins  -       xbrl instance document
101.sch  -       xbrl taxonomy extension schema document
101.cal  -       xbrl taxonomy extension calculation linkbase document
101.def  -       xbrl taxonomy extension definition linkbase document
101.lab  -       xbrl taxonomy extension label linkbase document
101.pre  -       xbrl taxonomy extension presentation linkbase document
* denotes a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.
** filed in paper - hyperlink not required pursuant to rule 105 of regulation s-t form 10-k summary none.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
113
table of contents signatures pursuant to the requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized february 16, 2018 .
weyerhaeuser company
/s/    doyle r. simons doyle r. simons president and chief executive officer pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant in the capacities indicated february 16, 2018 .
/s/    doyle r. simons                      /s/    rick r. holley doyle r. simons                             rick r. holley principal executive officer and director    chairman of the board and director
/s/    russell s. hagen                     /s/    kim williams russell s. hagen                            kim williamsdirector principal financial officer
/s/    jeanne m. hillman                    /s/    john f. morgan sr.
jeanne m. hillman                           john f. morgan sr.
principal accounting officer                director
/s/    lawrence a. selzer                   /s/    nicole w. piasecki lawrence a. selzer                          nicole w. piasecki director                                    director
/s/    mark a. emmert                       /s/    marc f. racicot mark a. emmertdirector                      marc f. racicot director
/s/    sara grootwassink lewis              /s/    charles r. williamson sara grootwassink lewis                     charles r. williamsondirector director
/s/    d. michael steuert d. michael steuertdirector weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
114
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a)
what you will find in this md&a our md&a includes the following major sections:
•  economic and market conditions affecting our operations;
•  financial performance summary;
•  discussion of the softwood lumber agreement;
•  results of our operations - consolidated and by segment;
•  liquidity and capital resources - where we discuss our cash flows;
•  off-balance sheet arrangements;
•  environmental matters, legal proceedings and other contingencies; and
•  accounting matters - where we discuss critical accounting policies and areas requiring judgments and estimates.
economic and market conditions affecting our operations the demand for logs within our timberlands segment is directly affected by production levels of domestic wood-based building products. this segment, specifically the western region, is also affected by export demand. japanese housing starts are a key driver of export log demand in japan. the strength of the u.s. housing market strongly affects demand in our wood products segment, as does repair and remodeling activity.
according to the u.s. census bureau, housing starts in 2017 totaled 1.2 million units. single family units accounted for 0.8 million of total housing starts year to date, increasing the share of single family units to 71
percent of total housing starts compared with 67 percent in 2016. while total housing start growth slowed in 2017, rising by a modest 2.4 percent overall, there has been a shift in construction away from multifamily units, which are down 10 percent year over year, to single family units, which have increased 9 percent over the same period.
this shift to the more wood intensive single family construction has been positive for wood products demand. we continue to expect improving u.s. housing starts and anticipate a 4 percent to 10 percent increase in total starts in 2018. consensus forecasts place expected total housing starts between 1.25 and 1.31 million units for 2018
(sources include national association of home builders (nahb), fannie mae, mortgage bankers association, the engineered wood association (apa), and forest economic advisors, llc (fea)). demand for homes remains strong relative to inventories. u.s. census reported new homes sales of 608 thousand units in 2017, an increase of 8.4
percent over 2016. this sales level was characterized by consistently low inventories as measured by months of supply, which averaged 5.4 months through 2017. existing home sales continued to rise in 2017, with total sales of
5.51 million units, a gain of 1.1 percent over 2016 and the highest sales level since 2006 according to the national association of realtors. existing home inventories were also tight with supplies averaging 3.9 months for the year, down from 4.3 months in 2016. we attribute this continued improvement primarily to employment growth, improving consumer confidence and favorable mortgage rates.
according to the joint center for housing studies at harvard university, the leading indicator of remodeling activity (lira) increased by 6.4 percent in 2017 and is expected to increase by 7.5 percent year over year for
2018.
u.s. wood product markets advanced in 2017, consistent with growth in homebuilding and remodeling segments, as described above. according to fea, north american lumber consumption grew at a 7.2 percent rate in 2017. the random lengths framing lumber composite price increased 19.4 percent in 2017 versus 2016 while oriented strand board (osb)
increased 31 percent in 2017 versus 2016 as measured by random lengths north central price. we expect similar to slightly higher wood product prices in 2018 as demand continues to increase with growth in housing starts and remodeling.
consistent with this, demand for logs increased with wood products production within our western region. this coupled with higher market prices year over year drove higher realizations within this region. douglas fir sawlog prices as reported by loglines increased 10 percent from 2016 for the domestic market and 5.7 percent for japan export logs. in the south, log supplies increased consistent with increased demand, leaving prices flat to slightly down year-over-year. according to timbermart - south, prices for delivered sawtimber and stumpage were down 2.6
percent and 4.6 percent respectively.
log inventories in chinese ports have been stable through 2017, ranging from 1.0 million to 1.5 million cubic meters (m 3 ) per month as reported by international wood markets china bulletin. log and lumber demand in china remain strong, primarily due to the strength of construction activity. total imports of logs and lumber increased
13 percent and 20 percent, respectively, for the first 11 months of 2017 compared on a year ago basis. in japan, post and beam housing starts (the primary source of log demand) for january through november 2017 are up 1.0
percent from the same period last year while total housing starts are down 0.1 percent on a year ago basis.
we expect demand from china and japan in 2018 to be similar to modestly improved from demand experienced in 2017.
our real estate, energy and natural resources segment is affected by the health of the u.s. economy and especially the u.s. housing sector of the economy. according to the realtors land institute of the national association of realtors, the dollar volume of rural properties, including timber, sold in 2017 grew 4 percent over 2016 sales while per acre prices were up 3 percent on average.
energy markets recovered steadily in 2017. for the year, brent crude oil averaged $54 per barrel in 2017, an increase of $10 per barrel from 2016 levels. prices increased fairly steadily through the second half of the year, with year-end prices higher than the annual average. natural gas prices were also higher in 2017 averaging $2.99
per million british thermal units (mmbtu) a 19 percent increase over 2016. expectations are for energy prices to be stable to gradually increasing in 2018.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
36
table of contents financial performance summary net sales by segment contribution to earnings by segment weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
37
table of contents softwood lumber agreement we operate a total of 19 softwood lumber mills with a total capacity of 4.9 billion board feet. three of these mills, located in canada, produce approximately 900 million board feet annually, and sell products in canada, asia, and the u.s.
on april 24, 2017, the u.s. department of commerce announced a preliminary determination that it would implement countervailing duties on canadian softwood lumber shipments to the u.s. the rate applicable to weyerhaeuser was
19.88 percent and became effective as of april 28, 2017. the u.s. department of commerce also announced that retroactive deposits at the 19.88 percent rate would be collected from certain canadian lumber producers, including weyerhaeuser, for softwood lumber shipments from canada to the u.s. during the 90-day period prior to april 28,
2017.
the preliminary countervailing duties were suspended on august 26, 2017, at which time we effectively stopped accruing for the expense. the suspension of the countervailing duties was set to last until the us international trade commission reaches its final determination of injury, which was issued december 28, 2017.
on june 26, 2017, the u.s. department of commerce announced a preliminary determination that it would implement anti-dumping duties on canadian softwood lumber shipments to the u.s. the rate applicable to weyerhaeuser was 6.87
percent and became effective as of june 30, 2017. the u.s. department of commerce also announced that retroactive deposits at the 6.87 percent rate would be collected from certain canadian lumber producers, including weyerhaeuser, for softwood lumber shipments from canada to the u.s. during the 90-day period prior to june 30,
2017.
based on affirmative final determinations by the department of commerce (doc) and the us international trade commission (usitc) on december 28, 2017, the doc issued countervailing duty (cvd) and anti-dumping (ad) duty orders on certain softwood lumber products from canada.
the cvd rate applicable to weyerhaeuser is 14.19 percent and will be assessed on entries of softwood lumber from canada for consumption on or after april 28, 2017, the date of publication of the preliminary determination. it will not include entries occurring after the expiration of the provisional measures period and before publication of the itc's final injury determination (cvd suspension date was august 26, 2017 - december 27, 2017).
the ad rate applicable to weyerhaeuser is 6.04 percent and will be assessed on entries of softwood lumber from canada for consumption on or after june 30, 2017, the date of publication of the preliminary determination. it will not include entries occurring after the expiration of the provisional measures period, until and through the day preceding the day of publication of the usitc's final injury determinations in the federal register (ad suspension date was december 26, 2017 - january 2, 2018).
for retroactive imposition of cvd and ad duties to apply 90 days prior to the dates of publication of the preliminary determinations, both the usitc and doc must make a positive determination. the usitc made a negative determination regarding critical circumstances on december 7, 2017. as a result, we reversed the accrual for the retroactive duties for both cvd and ad, which totaled $9 million . additionally, we reduced our accrual by $2
million related to reduced rate applicable to prospective period duties. as of december 31, 2017, we have expensed cvd and ad duties at the final published rates totaling $7 million .
results of operations in reviewing our results of operations, it is important to understand these terms:
•  sales realizations refer to net selling prices - this includes selling price plus freight minus normal sales deductions.
•  net contribution to earnings refers to earnings (loss) attributable to weyerhaeuser shareholders before interest expense and income taxes.
our merger with plum creek during first quarter 2016 significantly affected the comparability of our consolidated operating results between 2016 and prior periods. as a result of progress made to integrate financial processes and systems since the merger date, the results beginning on february 19, 2016, from acquired plum creek operations and the respective impacts of these results on our current period results are impracticable to disclose in the year-to-
date period ended december 31, 2016. our prior period results do not include pre-merger results of plum creek operations.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
38
table of contents consolidated results how we did in
2017
summary of financial results dollar amounts in millions, except                                         amount of change per-share figures     2017        2016        2015            2017vs.2016        2016vs.2015
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
net sales          $                    7,196    $  6,365    $  5,246    $               831     $        1,119
costs of products  $                    5,298    $  4,980    $  4,153    $               318     $          827
sold operating income   $                    1,131    $    822    $    644    $               309     $          178
earnings from discontinued       $                        -    $    612    $     95    $              (612  )  $          517
operations, net of tax net earnings attributable to weyerhaeuser       $                      582    $  1,005    $    462    $              (423  )  $          543
common shareholders basic earnings per share attributable to    $                     0.77    $   1.40    $   0.89    $             (0.63  )  $         0.51
weyerhaeuser common shareholders diluted earnings per share attributable       $                     0.77    $   1.39    $   0.89    $             (0.62  )  $         0.50
to weyerhaeuser common shareholders comparing
2017
with
2016
net sales net sales increased $831 million - 13 percent - primarily due to:
wood products segment net sales to unaffiliated customers increased$640 million, primarily attributable to increased sales realizations across all product lines, as well as increased sales volumes within our oriented strand board, engineered i-joists, medium density fiberboard, and our engineered solid section
•  product lines. additionally, upon completion of the sales of our former cellulose fibers businesses, chips previously sold to cellulose fibers are now sales to unaffiliated customers. refer tonote 3: discontinued operations and other divestituresin thenotes to consolidated financial statementsfor further details regarding these divestitures.
timberlands segment net sales to unaffiliated customers increased$137 million, which is primarily
•  attributable to increased southern and other (includes our canadian operations and timberlands included in the twin creeks venture) delivered log sales volumes, as well as, an increase in western log sales prices.
•  real estate & enr segment net sales to unaffiliated customers increased$54 millionattributable to an increase in timberlands acres sold in real estate and an increase in royalties.
costs of products sold costs of products sold increased $318 million - 6 percent - primarily due to:
wood products segment costs of products sold increased$192 millionprimarily attributable to an overall
•  increase in sales volumes, as discussed above. this increase was offset by the mix of products sold during
2017 compared to 2016.
intercompany eliminations decreased$144 million, therefore increasing our consolidated cost of products sold. this reduction in intercompany costs of products sold is primarily due to the completion of the divestitures of our former cellulose fibers businesses. prior to the completion of these divestitures the
•  sales and related cost of products sold for chips and logs sold to our cellulose fibers businesses were considered intercompany and therefore were not included in our consolidated results. however, subsequent to the divestitures these sales and the related cost of products sold are considered sales to unaffiliated customers and therefore included in our consolidated results.
these increases were partially offset by a decrease in real estate and enr costs of $24 million , primarily attributable to the mix in properties sold in 2017 compared to 2016.
operating income operating income increased $309 million - 38 percent - primarily due to:
•  an increase in consolidated gross margin of$513 million, as described above;
•  an increase in "other operating income, net" of$75 million, which is primarily attributable to:
a$99 milliongain recorded in fourth quarter 2017 as a result of the sale of land in our southern timberlands
◦  region to twin creeks (refer tonote 8: related partiesin thenotes to consolidated financial statementsfor further details);
◦
a $42 million benefit related to environmental remediation insurance recoveries received in 2017; and a $44 million decrease in gains on disposition of nonstrategic assets, primarily attributable to a $36
◦  million pretax gain recognized in the first quarter of 2016 on the sale of our federal way, washington headquarters campus (refer tonote 19: other operating costs (income)in thenotes to consolidated financial statementsfor further information).
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
39
table of contents these increases were partially offset by the following:
the addition of$290 millionin "charges for product remediation" in 2017, as there were no similar charges
•  during 2016. refer tonote 18: charges for product remediationin thenotes to consolidated financial statementsfor further information.
a$24 millionincrease in "charges for integration and restructuring, closures and asset impairments," which is primarily attributable to a$147 millionnoncash impairment charge recognized during second quarter 2017 in
•  relation to the divestiture of our uruguayan operations.this was partially offset by a$112 milliondecrease in charges related to our merger with plum creek. refer tonote 17: charges for integration and restructurings, closures, and asset impairmentsin thenotes to consolidated financial statementsfor further details regarding the impairment as well as the plum creek merger related costs.
net earnings attributable to weyerhaeuser common shareholders our net earnings attributable to weyerhaeuser common shareholders decreased $423 million - 42 percent - compared to
2016 . excluding "earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax," net earnings attributable to weyerhaeuser common shareholders increased $189 million - 48 percent - primarily due to the increase in operating income, as explained above. the increases in operating income were partially offset by a $110 million increase in expense related to "non-operating pension and other postretirement benefits (costs) credits" due to a decrease in the expected return on our plan assets as well as an increase in the amortization of actuarial losses.
earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax, decreased $612 million - 100 percent - as all discontinued operations were sold in 2016.
comparing
2016
with
2015
net sales net sales increased $1,119 million - 21 percent - primarily due to the following developments:
timberlands segment sales increased$532 millionprimarily due to sales from acquired plum creek operations.
this increase was partially offset by lower average sales realizations. the decrease in average sales
•  realizations is primarily attributable to the increase in sales volume for the south, which has lower average sales realizations compared to the west. the south comprised 31 percent of timberlands' sales to unaffiliated customers in2016compared to 19 percent in2015.
real estate & enr segment sales increased$125 millionattributable to increased volume of timberland acres
•  sold and increased enr sales volume attributable to the operations acquired in our merger with plum creek.
these increases were partially offset by a decrease in average price realized per acre due to geographic mix of properties sold.
wood products segment sales increased$462 milliondue to increased medium density fiberboard and plywood
•  sales generated from our operations acquired from our merger with plum creek and increased oriented strand board and lumber average sales realizations.
costs of products sold costs of products sold increased $827 million - 20 percent - primarily attributable to the following developments:
timberlands costs of products sold increased$488 milliondue to increased sales volume as explained above and
•  to higher depletion rates in the south and west for acquired plum creek timberlands, which were measured at fair value as of the merger date.
real estate & enr costs of products sold increased$114 millionattributable to increased real estate and enr
•  sales volume and higher basis of real estate sold, which is a result of measuring acquired plum creek properties at fair value as of the february 19, 2016 merger date.
wood products costs of products sold increased$201 millionprimarily attributable to increased sales volume
•  as explained above. this increase was partially offset by lower log costs and lower manufacturing costs per unit.
operating income operating income increased $178 million - 28 percent - primarily due to:
•  an increase to company-wide gross margin of$292 millionas described above;
•  a favorable shift in gain on foreign currency remeasurement - $52 million; and
•  a gain on the sale of our federal way headquarters campus - $36 million.
these increases were partially offset by:
a$131 millionincrease in charges for integration and restructuring, closures and asset impairments,
•  primarily attributable to incurring $146 million of costs related to our merger with plum creek in 2016
compared to $14 million in 2015; and
•  a$76 millionincrease in selling, general and administrative expenses primarily attributable to merging legacy weyerhaeuser and plum creek operations.
net earnings attributable to weyerhaeuser common shareholders our net earnings attributable to weyerhaeuser common shareholders increased $543 million - 118 percent - compared to 2015 . earnings from continuing operations before income taxes increased $151 million - 43 percent - due to variances in net sales, costs of products sold and operating income explained above. the increase was offset by a
$147 million increase to income taxes from continuing operations resulting from increased taxable earnings generated by our trss.
earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax, increased $517 million - 544 percent - primarily due to:
•  the after-tax gains recognized from divesting our cellulose fibers business in 2016 - $546 million;
•  a decrease in the equity loss from our printing papers joint venture - $101 million - primarily attributable to an $84 million noncash asset impairment recorded in fourth quarter 2015; and
•  lower costs of products sold, primarily due to lower sales volumes and the cessation of depreciation when cellulose fibers manufacturing assets were classified as held-for-sale in second quarter 2016.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
40
table of contents these increases were partially offset by:
•  lower average sales realizations for pulp and liquid packaging board;
•  lower sales volume for pulp and liquid packaging board attributable to a partial year of operations in 2016
compared to a full year in 2015; and
•  increased charges for restructuring, closures and asset impairments and transaction-related costs related to our strategic evaluation and divestiture of the cellulose fibers businesses.
timberlands how we did in
2017
we report sales volume and annual production data for our timberlands segment in our business/what we do/timberlands .
net sales and net contribution to earnings for timberlands net sales to unaffiliated customers:
delivered         dollar amounts in                                      amount of change logs(1):          millions            2017        2016        2015            2017vs.2016        2016vs.2015
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
west              $                    915    $    865    $    830    $                50     $           35
south                                  616         566         241                     50                325
north                                   95          91           -                      4                 91
other                                   59          38          24                     21                 14
total                                1,685       1,560       1,095                    125                465
stumpage and pay-as-cut                              73          85          37                    (12  )              48
timber uruguay                                 63          79          87                    (16  )              (8  )
operations(2)
recreational and other lease                             59          44          25                     15                 19
revenue other                                   62          37          29                     25                  8
products(3)
subtotal sales to unaffiliated                      1,942       1,805       1,273                    137                532
customers intersegment sales:
united states                          520         590         559                    (70  )              31
other                                  242         250         271                     (8  )             (21  )
subtotal intersegment                           762         840         830                    (78  )              10
sales total             $                  2,704    $  2,645    $  2,103    $                59     $          542
costs of          $                  2,043    $  2,054    $  1,566    $               (11  )  $          488
products sold operating income and net           $                    532    $    499    $    470    $                33     $           29
contribution to earnings
(1)the western region includes oregon and washington. the southern region includes alabama, arkansas, georgia, florida, louisiana, mississippi, north carolina, oklahoma, south carolina, texas and virginia. the northern region includes maine, michigan, montana, new hampshire, vermont, west virginia and wisconsin. other includes our canadian operations and the timberlands of the twin creeks venture that we managed.
(our management agreement for the twin creeks venture began in april 2016 and terminated in december 2017.
for additional information seenote 8:
related partiesinnotes to consolidated financial statements.)
(2)sales from our former uruguayan operations included plywood and hardwood lumber. our uruguayan operations were divested on september 1,
2017. refer tonote 3:
discontinued operations and other divestituresin thenotes to consolidated financial statementsfor further information on this divestiture.
(3)other products sales include sales of seeds and seedlings from our nursery operations and chips.
comparing
2017
with
2016
net sales - unaffiliated customers net sales to unaffiliated customers increased $137 million - 8 percent - primarily due to:
•  a$50 millionincrease in southern log sales attributable to 12 percent increase in delivered logs sales volumes, partially offset by a 3 percent decrease in southern log prices;
•  a$50 millionincrease in western log sales attributable to a 12 percent increase in western log prices, partially offset by a 6 percent decrease in delivered logs sales volumes;
a$25 millionincrease in other products, primarily attributable to increased chips sales to unaffiliated
•  customers (prior to our 2016 divestitures of our cellulose fibers businesses, chips sales were primarily intersegment sales); and
•  a$21 millionincrease in other delivered logs, primarily due to a 55 percent increase in delivered logs sales volumes.
these increases were partially offset by a $16 million decrease in our uruguayan operations, primarily attributable to the divestiture that occurred during third quarter 2017. refer to note 3: discontinued operations and other divestitures in the notes to consolidated financial statements .
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
41
table of contents intersegment sales intersegment sales decreased $78 million - 9 percent - due to a decrease in chip and log intersegment sales, which were previously sold to our former cellulose fibers business segment. the businesses within this segment were divested during the second half of 2016. refer to note 3: discontinued operations and other divestitures in the notes to consolidated financial statements for further information on these divestitures.
costs of products sold costs of products sold decreased $11 million - 1 percent - primarily due to:
a $23 million decrease due to the divestiture of our uruguayan operations in third quarter 2017. refer
•  tonote 3: discontinued operations and other divestituresin thenotes to consolidated financial statementsfor further details.
•  a $16 million decrease in the west, attributable to a decrease in delivered logs sales volumes.
these decreases were partially offset by a $19 million increase in canada primarily attributable to an increase in delivered logs sales volumes.
operating income and net contribution to earnings net contribution to earnings increased $33 million - 7 percent - primarily due to:
a$99 milliongain recorded in fourth quarter 2017 as a result of the sale of land in our southern timberlands
•  region to twin creeks (refer tonote 8: related partiesin thenotes to consolidated financial statementsfor further details), and
•  a $70 million increase in gross margin, as explained above.
these increases were partially offset by a $147 million noncash impairment charge recognized in relation to the divestiture of our uruguayan operations. refer to note 17: charges for integration and restructuring, closures, and asset impairments in the notes to consolidated financial statements for further details of this impairment.
comparing
2016
with
2015
compared to 2015, the changes to the results of operations for our timberlands segment during 2016 are primarily attributable to the addition of approximately 6.3 million acres of plum creek timberlands, which produced over 18
million tons of harvest volume in 2015. the merger resulted in the expansion of our southern timberlands from 4.0
million acres to 7.4 million acres - an 85 percent increase - and our western timberlands from 2.6 to 3.0 million acres - a 15 percent increase. the merger also added 2.5 million acres across maine, michigan, montana, new hampshire, vermont, west virginia and wisconsin, which we refer to collectively as our northern timberlands.
increases to sales volume are primarily attributable to the significant increases in the overall size of and harvests from our timberlands holdings by region, particularly in the south and north regions.
the composition of our sales volume by region was also altered by the merger, as the south and north regions, which historically had lower average sales realizations compared to the west, comprise a greater portion of our overall sales subsequent to the merger. additionally, within the south the acquired timberlands altered the overall sales mix, as lower realization pulpwood sales increased and higher realization grade logs decreased as a percentage of total sales volume, resulting in lower average sales realizations overall for the region in 2016 compared with
2015.
as a result of applying acquisition accounting to our timber and timberland assets acquired as described in note 4:
merger with plum creek in notes to consolidated financial statements , depletion rates increased significantly in
2016 compared to 2015. when combined with increased sales volume, these higher depletion rates drove significant increases in our costs of products sold in 2016 compared to 2015.
net sales - unaffiliated customers net sales to unaffiliated customers increased $532 million - 42 percent - primarily due to:
a$325 millionincrease in southern log sales as a result of a 146 percent increase in delivered logs sales
•  volume primarily attributable to adding acquired plum creek operations, partially offset by a 5 percent decrease in average sales realizations of delivered logs due to mix of sawlogs and pulp logs;
•  a$91 millionincrease in northern log sales attributable entirely to operations acquired upon our merger with plum creek; and a$35 millionincrease in western log sales as a result of a 6 percent increase in delivered logs sales volume
•  attributable to adding acquired plum creek operations, partially offset by a 2 percent decrease in average sales realizations for delivered logs;
•  a$48 millionincrease in stumpage and pay-as-cut timber, which is primarily attributable to adding stumpage sales from acquired plum creek timberlands in the south; and
•  a$19 millionincrease in recreational and other lease revenue due entirely to the acquired plum creek leases.
intersegment sales intersegment sales increased $10 million - 1 percent - due to a $31 million increase in intersegment sales in the united states. this increase is attributable to adding intersegment log sales volume for the montana operations acquired from plum creek. this increase was partially offset by a decrease in average intersegment sales realizations.
the increase in the united states intersegment sales was partially offset by a $21 million decrease in intersegment sales in canada. this decrease is attributable to lower log and chip sales volume to our former cellulose fibers segment as a result of divesting from our pulp mill in grande prairie, alberta. there was also a slight decrease in average intersegment sales realizations compared to 2015.
costs of products sold costs of products sold increased $488 million - 31 percent - primarily due to a 78 percent increase in sales volume attributable to the operations acquired in our merger with plum creek. additionally, per unit costs increased due to higher depletion rates in the south and west attributable to acquired plum creek timberlands, which were measured at fair value as of the merger date.
operating income and net contribution to earnings net contribution to earnings increased $29 million - 6 percent - primarily attributable to the changes in net sales and costs of products sold as explained above.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
42
table of contents real estate, energy and natural resources how we did in
2017
we report acres sold and average price per acre for our real estate, energy and natural resources segment in our business/what we do/real estate, energy and natural resources .
net sales and net contribution to earnings for real estate, energy and natural resources net sales to            dollar amounts                                   amount of change unaffiliated buyers:    in millions     2017       2016       2015            2017vs.2016        2016vs.2015
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
real estate             $                208    $   172    $    75    $                36     $           97
energy and natural                        72         54         26                     18                 28
resources subtotal sales to                        280        226        101                     54                125
unaffiliated buyers intersegment sales                         1          1          -                      -                  1
total                   $                281    $   227    $   101    $                54     $          126
cost of products sold   $                110    $   134    $    20    $               (24  )  $          114
operating income        $                145    $    53    $    79    $                92     $          (26  )
equity earnings (loss)
from joint                                 1          2          -                     (1  )               2
venture net contribution to     $                146    $    55    $    79    $                91     $          (24  )
earnings the timing of real estate sales is a function of many factors, including:
•  the general state of the economy,
•  demand in local real estate markets,
•  the ability to obtain entitlements,
•  the ability of buyers to obtain financing,
•  the number of competing properties listed for sale,
•  the seasonal nature of sales (particularly in the northern states),
•  the plans of adjacent landowners,
•  our expectations of future price appreciation,
•  the timing of harvesting activities, and
•  the availability of government and not-for-profit funding (especially for conservation sales).
in any period, the average sales price per acre will vary based on the location and physical characteristics of parcels sold.
comparing
2017
with
2016
net sales - unaffiliated buyers net sales to unaffiliated buyers increased $54 million - 24 percent - primarily due to:
•  a$36 millionincrease in net real estate sales primarily attributable to an 18 percent increase in volume of timberlands acres sold.
an$18 millionincrease in net energy and natural resources sales primarily attributable to the increased
•  operations acquired during our merger with plum creek. our 2017 operations include a full twelve months of combined operations as compared to ten months of combined operations in 2016. the increase is further attributable to increases in royalties.
costs of products sold costs of products sold decreased $24 million - 18 percent - primarily due to the mix of properties sold in 2017
compared to 2016.
net contribution to earnings net contribution to earnings increased $91 million - 165 percent - primarily due to increased gross margin discussed above. additionally, our 2016 results include a $15 million asset impairment charge recorded for development projects. no comparable impairment charges were recorded within this segment during 2017.
comparing
2016
with
2015
land acquired as a result of our merger with plum creek generally carried a higher per acre cost basis compared to our other acreage as a result of measuring acquired land at fair value via acquisition accounting as of the february 19, 2016, merger date. as a result, our costs of timberlands varied period-to-period based on the sales mix between acquired plum creek acreage and acreage owned by weyerhaeuser prior to the merger.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
43
table of contents net sales - unaffiliated buyers net sales to unaffiliated buyers increased $125 million - 124 percent - attributable to the following developments:
net real estate sales increased$97 millionattributable to increases in volume of timberlands acres sold.
•  this increase was partially offset by a decrease in average price realized per acre due to mix of properties sold.
•  net energy and natural resources sales increased$28 milliondue primarily to increased sales volumes attributable to the operations acquired with our merger with plum creek.
costs of products sold costs of products sold increased $114 million - 570 percent - due primarily to:
•  increased real estate and enr sales volume, as explained above;
higher basis of real estate sold resulting from measuring acquired plum creek properties at fair value as of
•  the february 19, 2016, merger date; and
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
•  an $11 million increase in commissions and closing costs that corresponds with the increased volume of transactions.
net contribution to earnings net contribution to earnings decreased $24 million - 30 percent - primarily attributable to increased general and administrative expenses of $20 million. the increase in general and administrative expenses is the result of creating a standalone business segment separate from timberlands and dedicating more staff to the expanded land and natural resource footprint.
wood products how we did in
2017
we report sales volume and annual production data for our wood products segment in our business/what we do/wood products .
net sales and net contribution to earnings for wood products dollar amounts in                                        amount of change net sales:          millions              2017        2016        2015            2017vs.2016       2016vs.2015
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
structural lumber   $                    2,058    $  1,839    $  1,741    $               219    $           98
engineered solid                           500         450         428                     50                22
section engineered                                 336         290         284                     46                 6
i-joists oriented strand                            904         707         595                    197               112
board softwood plywood                           176         174         129                      2                45
medium density                             183         158           -                     25               158
fiberboard other products                             276         201         189                     75                12
produced(1)
complementary                              541         515         506                     26                 9
building products total               $                    4,974    $  4,334    $  3,872    $               640    $          462
costs of products   $                    3,880    $  3,688    $  3,487    $               192    $          201
sold operating income and net             $                      569    $    512    $    258    $                57    $          254
contribution to earnings
(1) includes wood chips and other byproducts.
comparing
2017
with
2016
net sales net sales increased $640 million - 15 percent - primarily due to:
•  a$219 millionincrease in structural lumber sales, attributable to a 13 percent increase in average sales realizations, partially offset by a 1 percent decrease in sales volumes;
•  a$197 millionincrease in oriented strand board sales, attributable to a 26 percent increase in average sales realizations as well as a 1 percent increase in sales volumes;
a$75 millionincrease in other products produced, primarily attributable to increased chip sales. chips were previously sold to our former cellulose fibers segment and were therefore considered intersegment sales
•  until the sale of our cellulose fibers businesses which occurred in the second half of 2016. upon completion of these divestitures, chips sold to those businesses were considered sales to unaffiliated customers.
(refer tonote 3: discontinued operations and other divestituresin thenotes to consolidated financial statementsfor further details regarding these divestitures.);
•  a$50 millionincrease in engineered solid section, primarily attributable to an 8 percent increase in sales volumes as well as a 3 percent increase in average sales realizations; and
•  a$46 millionincrease in engineered i-joists, primarily attributable to a 13 percent increase in sales volume as well as a 3 percent increase in average sales realizations.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
44
table of contents costs of products sold costs of products sold increased $192 million - 5 percent - primarily attributable to an overall increase in sales volumes, as discussed above. this increase was offset by the mix of products sold during 2017 compared to 2016.
operating income and net contribution to earnings operating income and net contribution to earnings increased $57 million - 11 percent - primarily due to increased gross margin, as discussed above. this was partially offset by:
the$290 millionaddition of  "charges for product remediation" in 2017, as there were no similar charges
•  during 2016 (refer tonote 18: charges for product remediationin thenotes to consolidated financial statementsfor further information);
a $68 million decrease in intersegment sales in 2017 compared to 2016, which is primarily attributable to decreased intersegment chip sales. prior to our divestitures of our former cellulose fibers business, which
•  occurred in the second half of 2016, chips sold to these businesses were considered intersegment sales. upon completion of these divestitures, chips sold to our former cellulose fibers businesses were considered sales to unaffiliated customers.
•  a$7 millionincrease in "other operating costs, net," related to countervailing and anti-dumping duties.
refer tosoftwood lumber agreementfor further information regarding these regulations.
a$6 millionimpairment on nonstrategic assets recognized during third quarter 2017. refer tonote 17: charges
•  for integration and restructuring, closures and asset impairmentsin thenotes to consolidated financial statementsfor further detail.
comparing
2016
with
2015
upon our merger with plum creek, we acquired five manufacturing facilities in montana. the sales and net contribution to earnings of these facilities as of the merger date are included in the results of our wood products segment. the results of the plywood facilities are reported in softwood plywood and the lumber facilities are reported in structural lumber.
the medium density fiberboard (mdf) facility supplies high-quality mdf to a wide range of customers throughout north america. some of the more common uses for our mdf include furniture and cabinet components, architectural moldings, doors, store fixtures, core material for hardwood plywood, face material for softwood plywood, commercial wall paneling and substrate for laminate flooring.
we permanently closed two of the five acquired plum creek mills, the lumber facility and softwood plywood facility in columbia falls, montana, during third quarter 2016. the closure of these facilities allows us to align the available log supply with our manufacturing capacity, including adding shifts at our kalispell, montana facilities, to position our montana operations for long-term success.
refer to note 4: merger with plum creek in notes to consolidated financial statements for further information regarding our merger with plum creek.
net sales net sales increased $462 million - 12 percent - primarily due to:
•  a$158 millionincrease in medium density fiberboard sales generated from operations acquired in our merger with plum creek;
•  a$112 millionincrease in oriented strand board sales, attributable primarily to a 21 percent increase in average sales realizations;
•  a$98 millionincrease in lumber sales, attributable to a 3 percent increase in average sales realizations and a 3 percent increase in sales volume; and a$45 millionincrease in plywood sales, attributable to a 9 percent increase in average sales realizations
•  and a 26 percent increase in sales volume, with the volume increase due in part to acquired plum creek operations.
costs of products sold costs of products sold increased $201 million - 6 percent - primarily due to increased sales volume across most product lines and from added volumes produced and sold by the manufacturing operations acquired from our merger with plum creek. this increase is partially offset by lower log costs and lower manufacturing costs per unit.
operating income and net contribution to earnings net contribution to earnings increased $254 million - 98 percent - primarily attributable to the changes in net sales and costs of products sold, as explained above.
unallocated items unallocated items are gains or charges from continuing operations not related to or allocated to an individual operating segment. they include a portion of items such as: share-based compensation, pension and postretirement costs, foreign exchange transaction gains and losses associated with financing, and the elimination of intersegment profit in inventory, equity earnings from our timberland venture and the lifo reserve. as a result of reclassifying our former cellulose fibers segment as discontinued operations, unallocated items also includes retained indirect corporate overhead costs previously allocated to the former segment.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
45
table of contents net contribution to earnings for unallocated items dollar amounts in                                      amount of change millions           2017        2016        2015             2017vs.2016        2016vs.2015
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
unallocated corporate         $                   (73  )  $   (87  )  $   (64  )  $                14     $          (23  )
function expenses unallocated share-based                            (9  )       (3  )        6                      (6  )              (9  )
compensation unallocated pension service                        (4  )       (5  )       (3  )                    1                 (2  )
costs foreign exchange                        1           6         (46  )                   (5  )              52
gains (losses)
elimination of intersegment profit in                             (20  )      (18  )        8                      (2  )             (26  )
inventory and lifo gain (loss) from sales of                                9          50           6                     (41  )              44
nonstrategic assets charges for integration and restructuring, closures and asset impairments:
plum creek merger-and                            (34  )     (146  )      (14  )                  112               (132  )
integration-rel...
costs other restructuring, closures, and                           -          (2  )      (15  )                    2                 13
asset impairments other                                  15         (37  )      (41  )                   52                  4
operating income  $                  (115  )  $  (242  )  $  (163  )  $               127     $          (79  )
(loss)
equity earnings from joint                              -          20           -                     (20  )              20
venture(1)
non-operating pension and other                                 (62  )       48          14                    (110  )              34
postretirement benefit (costs)
credits interest income                        39          43          36                      (4  )               7
and other net contribution  $                  (138  )  $  (131  )  $  (113  )  $                (7  )  $          (18  )
to earnings
(1)2016 includes equity earnings from our timberland venture, which effective august
31, 2016, is consolidated as a wholly-owned subsidiary.
unallocated items in 2017 include:
an increase in expense related to "non-operating pension and other postretirement benefits (costs) credits"
•  due to a decrease in the expected return on our plan assets as well as an increase in the amortization of actuarial losses -$110 million;
•  a benefit in other primarily related to environmental remediation insurance recoveries received in 2017 -$42
million; and decreased charges recognized in2017related to our merger with plum creek (refer tonote 17: charges for
•  integration and restructuring, closures and asset impairmentsinnotes to consolidated financial statements) -
$112 million.
unallocated items in 2016 include:
•  charges recognized in2016related to our merger with plum creek (refer tonote 17: charges for integration and restructuring, closures and asset impairmentsinnotes to consolidated financial statements) -$146 million;
•  an increase in unallocated corporate function expenses primarily as a result of retaining costs allocated to our former cellulose fibers segment -$23 million; and
•  a gain related to the sale of our federal way, washington headquarters campus, which is recorded in "other operating costs (income), net" in ourconsolidated statement of operations- $36 million.
unallocated items in 2015 include:
$13 million noncash impairment charge recognized in first quarter 2015 related to a nonstrategic asset that was sold in second quarter 2015 which is recorded in "charges for integration and restructuring, closures
•  and asset impairments" in ourconsolidated statement of operations. seenote 17: charges for integration and restructuring, closures and asset impairmentsin thenotes to consolidated financial statementsfor more information.
•  $14 millionplum creek merger-related costs which are recorded in "charges for integration and restructuring, closures and asset impairments" in ourconsolidated statement of operations.
interest expense our net interest expense incurred for the last three years was:
•  $393 millionin2017,
•  $431 millionin2016and
•  $341 millionin2015.
the primary factor driving the $38 million decrease in interest expense in 2017 as compared to 2016 is the decrease in our average indebtedness throughout the year.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
46
table of contents income taxes as a reit, we generally are not subject to federal corporate level income taxes on reit taxable income that is distributed to shareholders. historical distributions to shareholders, including amounts and tax characteristics, for the years ended december 31 are summarized in the table below.
amounts per share  2017       2016       2015
───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
preference - capital gain distribution  $                     -    $  1.59    $  3.19
common - capital gain distribution      $                  1.25    $  1.24    $  1.20
the table below summarizes the items of tax preference for alternative minimum tax (amt) purposes which have been apportioned to shareholders for the years ended december 31.
amounts per share    2017         2016       2015
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
preference - amt  $                       -    $  0.0120    $  -
common - amt      $                  0.0097    $  0.0094    $  -
we are required to pay corporate income taxes on earnings of our trss, which includes our wood products segment and portions of our timberlands and real estate & enr segments' earnings. our provision for income taxes is primarily driven by earnings generated by our trss. overall performance results for our business segments can be found in results of operations/timberlands , results of operations/real estate, energy and natural resources , and results of operations/wood products .
on december 22, 2017, h.r. 1, commonly known as the tax cuts and jobs act (the "tax act"), was enacted. the tax act contains significant changes to corporate taxation, including the reduction of the corporate tax rate from 35
percent to 21 percent, increased deductions for capital spending and limitations on interest expense deductions.
the tax act does not affect our reit status or the provisions that allow us to pay capital gain dividends to our shareholders.
as a result of the reduction in the corporate tax rate, we have revalued our deferred tax assets and liabilities and have recorded a tax expense of $74 million during 2017, which reduced our net deferred tax asset.
for 2018, we expect our effective tax rate will be between 11 percent and 13 percent. the estimated range is based on current assumptions with respect to our earnings and the tax act. our actual effective tax rate in 2018 may differ. the reduced effective tax rate is expected to result in overall lower tax expense beginning in 2018.
our provision (benefit) for income taxes for our continuing operations over the last three years was:
•  $134 millionin2017,
•  $89 millionin2016and
•  $(58) millionin2015.
during 2017, we recorded a $22 million tax benefit related to the repatriation of canadian earnings.
during 2016, we recorded a $24 million tax charge related to the repatriation of canadian earnings.
during 2015, we recorded a $13 million tax benefit for the expiration of the company's built-in-gains tax period due to a change in tax law in the fourth quarter 2015.
see also note 20: income taxes in notes to consolidated financial statements , which outlines the major components related to our income tax provision.
liquidity and capital resources we are committed to maintaining an appropriate capital structure that enables us to:
•  protect the interests of our shareholders and lenders and
•  have access to major financial markets.
cash from operations consolidated net cash provided by our operations was:
•  $1,201 millionin2017,
•  $735 millionin2016(includes continuing and discontinued operations) and
•  $1,075 millionin2015(includes continuing and discontinued operations).
comparing
2017
with
2016
net cash provided by our operations increased $466 million , primarily due to:
•  increased cash flows from business segments of$499 million;
•  a decrease in cash paid for income taxes of$316 million, which is primarily attributable to taxes paid in connection with our divestitures of our former cellulose fibers businesses during 2016; and
•  a decrease in cash paid for interest of$65 millioncorresponding with our decreased average indebtedness during 2017 compared to 2016.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
47
table of contents these items were partially offset by:
•  decreased operating cash flows from discontinued operations of$196 million; and
•  an increase of $192 million in cash used for product remediation efforts (refer tonote 18: charges for product remediationin thenotes to consolidated financial statements).
also see performance measures for our adjusted ebitda by segment.
comparing
2016
with
2015
net cash provided by our continuing and discontinued operations decreased $340 million , primarily due to:
•  an increase in cash paid for income taxes of$471 millionlargely due to taxes paid in connection with our cellulose fibers businesses;
•  decreased operating cash flows from discontinued operations of$233 million;
•  an increase in cash paid for interest of$99 millioncorresponding with our increased average indebtedness;
and
•  cash payments made in2016related to the plum creek merger of$154 million, comprised of:
◦  termination benefits -$33 million;
◦  investment banking and other professional services fees -$52 million;
◦  settlement of value management awards -$6 million;
◦  pension and postretirement benefits -$38 million; and
◦  other merger-related costs -$14 million.
pension contributions and benefit payments made and expected during 2017 , we:
•  contributed$25 millionfor our canadian registered plan in accordance with minimum funding rules and respective provincial regulations;
•  contributed to or made benefit payments for our canadian nonregistered pension plans of$2 million;
•  made benefit payments of$31 millionfor our u.s. nonqualified pension plans; and
•  made benefit payments of$20 millionfor our u.s. and canadian other postretirement plans.
there was no minimum required contribution for our u.s. qualified plan for 2017 , nor were any contributions made to this plan in 2017 .
during 2018 , based on estimated year-end assets and projections of plan liabilities, we expect to:
•  be required to contribute approximately$23 millionfor our canadian registered plan;
•  be required to contribute or make benefit payments for our canadian nonregistered plans of$4 million;
•  make benefit payments of$19 millionfor our u.s. nonqualified pension plans; and
•  make benefit payments of$19 millionfor our u.s. and canadian other postretirement plans.
we do not anticipate being required to make a contribution to our u.s. qualified pension plan for 2018 .
investing in our business cash from investing activities includes:
•  acquisitions of property, equipment, timberlands and reforestation;
•  investments in or distribution from equity affiliates;
•  proceeds from sale of assets and operations; and
•  purchases and redemptions of short-term investments.
consolidated net cash provided by (used in) investing activities was:
•  $367 millionin2017,
•  $2,559 millionin2016(includes continuing and discontinued operations) and
•  $(487) millionin2015(includes continuing and discontinued operations).
comparing
2017
with
2016
net cash from investing activities decreased $2.2 billion primarily due to:
a $2.1 billion decrease in net proceeds from the disposition of discontinued and other operations, primarily attributable to the proceeds received from the divestitures of our cellulose fibers businesses in 2016 -
•  $2.5 billion - compared to the proceeds received for the divestiture of our uruguayan operations -$403
million (refer tonote 3: discontinued operations and other divestituresin thenotes to consolidated financial statementsfor further details);
a decrease of$440 millionin proceeds received for our contribution of timberlands to twin creeks venture in
•  2016 (refer tonote 8: related partiesin thenotes to consolidated financial statementsfor further details);
and
•  a decrease of $78 million in proceeds from sales of nonstrategic assets.
this activity was partially offset by:
$311 million in combined proceeds from the sale of land in our southern timberlands region to twin creeks as
•  well as the redemption of our ownership interest in twin creeks, both of which occurred during fourth quarter 2017 (refer tonote 8: related partiesin thenotes to consolidated financial statementsfor further details);
•  a$91 milliondecrease in capital expenditures primarily attributable to the divestiture of our cellulose fibers business in 2016.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
48
table of contents comparing
2016
with
2015
net cash from investing activities changed $3.0 billion to an inflow in 2016 as compared with an outflow in 2015, primarily due to:
•  net proceeds from the divestitures of our cellulose fibers businesses in 2016 -$2.5 billion;
•  proceeds received for our contribution of timberlands to the twin creeks venture in 2016 -$440 million;
•  proceeds from sales of nonstrategic assets -$104 million; and
•  distributions received from joint ventures during 2016 -$46 million.
three-year summary of capital spending by business segment dollar amounts in millions           2017       2016       2015
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
timberlands              $                   115    $   116    $    75
real estate & enr                              2          1          -
wood products                                299        297        287
unallocated items                              3         11          3
discontinued operations                        -         85        118
total                    $                   419    $   510    $   483
we expect our net capital expenditures for 2018 to be $420 million, which is comparable to 2017 capital spend. the amount we spend on capital expenditures could change due to:
•  future economic conditions,
•  environmental regulations,
•  changes in the composition of our business,
•  weather and
•  timing of equipment purchases.
financing cash from financing activities includes:
•  issuances and payments of debt,
•  borrowings and payments under revolving lines of credit,
•  proceeds from stock offerings and option exercises and
•  payments for cash dividends and repurchasing stock.
consolidated net cash used in financing activities was:
•  $1,420 millionin2017,
•  $3,630 millionin2016(includes continuing and discontinued operations) and
•  $1,156 millionin2015(includes continuing and discontinued operations).
comparing
2017
with
2016
net cash used in financing activities decreased $2,210 million in 2017 , primarily due to the following:
•  a decrease of $2,003 million related to cash used to repurchase common shares during 2016; and
•  a decrease of $1,592 million in cash used for payments on long-term debt.
this activity was partially offset by a $1,473 million decrease in cash received from the issuance of new long-term debt.
comparing
2016
with
2015
net cash used in financing activities increased $2,474 million in 2016 , primarily due to:
•  a$1,485 millionincrease in repurchase shares;
•  payment of$720 millionof the debt assumed in our merger with plum creek on the merger date; and
•  a$313 millionincrease in dividends paid to common shareholders.
long-term debt our consolidated long-term debt (including current portion) was:
•  $6.0 billionas ofdecember 31, 2017,
•  $6.6 billionas ofdecember 31, 2016, and
•  $4.8 billionas ofdecember 31, 2015.
the decrease in our long-term debt during 2017 is attributable to the following activity:
we prepaid a$550 millionvariable-rate term loan during july 2017, which was originally set to mature
•  in2020(2020 term loan). the 2020 term loan was prepaid using available cash of$325 millionas well as borrowing proceeds from a new$225 millionvariable-rate term loan set to mature in2026.
•  we paid our$281 million6.95 percentdebenture during august 2017.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
49
table of contents the increase in our long-term debt during 2016 is attributable to the following activity:
we assumed $3.4 billion of long-term debt during our merger with plum creek. immediately following the
•  merger, we paid$720 millionof the debt assumed. (refer tonote 4: merger with plum creekinnotes to consolidated financial statementsfor further information about our merger).
as part of our cellulose fibers pulp business divestiture, $88 million of long-term debt was assumed by
•  international paper. (refer tonote 3: discontinued operations and other divestituresinnotes to consolidated financial statementsfor further information about our cellulose fibers divestitures).
we have $62 million of long-term debt scheduled to mature during first quarter 2018.
see note 12: long-term debt in the notes to consolidated financial statements for more information about the long-
term debt discussed above.
refer to note 8: related parties in the notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding the nonrecourse debt held by our variable interest entities (vies).
2016 term loan payment and extinguishment during february 2016 , and subsequent to completion of the plum creek merger, we entered into a $600 million
18-month senior unsecured term loan maturing in august 2017 . borrowings were at libor plus 1.05 percent . the $600
million outstanding under this facility was repaid in full and terminated during fourth quarter 2016.
during march 2016 , we entered into a $1.9 billion 18-month senior unsecured term loan maturing in september 2017 .
borrowings were at libor plus 1.05 percent . the remaining $1.1 billion outstanding under this facility was repaid in full and terminated during fourth quarter 2016.
revolving credit facilities during march 2017 , we entered into a new $1.5 billion five-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility that expires in march 2022 . this replaced a $1 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility that was set to expire september 2018 . the entire amount is available to weyerhaeuser company. borrowings are at libor plus a spread or at other interest rates mutually agreed upon between the borrower and the lending banks. as of december
31, 2017 and december 31, 2016 , there were no borrowings outstanding under the facility and we were in compliance with the credit facility covenants.
debt covenants:
as of december 31, 2017 , weyerhaeuser company:
•  had no borrowings outstanding under our credit facility and
•  was in compliance with the credit facility covenants.
weyerhaeuser company covenants:
key covenants related to weyerhaeuser company include the requirement to maintain:
•  a minimum total adjusted shareholders' equity of $3.0 billion; and
•  a defined funded debt ratio of 65 percent or less.
weyerhaeuser company's total adjusted shareholders' equity is comprised of:
•  total weyerhaeuser shareholders' equity,
•  excluding accumulated comprehensive income (loss),
•  minus weyerhaeuser company's investment in our unrestricted subsidiaries.
total weyerhaeuser company capitalization is comprised of:
•  total weyerhaeuser company debt
•  plus total adjusted shareholders' equity.
as of december 31, 2017 , weyerhaeuser company had:
•  a defined total adjusted shareholders' equity of$10.4 billionand
•  a defined debt-to-total-capital ratio of36.65 percent.
debt agreements that were assumed by weyerhaeuser in the merger with plum creek were amended to materially conform key covenants with the covenants described above.
when calculating compliance in accordance with financial debt covenants as of december 31, 2016 , we excluded the impact of our pension and other postretirement plans recorded within cumulative other comprehensive income from adjusted shareholders' interest (equity). the excluded amount at december 31, 2016 , was $1,698 million , which is equal to the cumulative actuarial losses and prior service costs for our pension and postretirement plans. when calculating compliance in accordance with financial debt covenants as of december 31, 2017 , we excluded the full amount of cumulative other comprehensive loss of $1,562 million . see note 15: shareholders' interest in the notes to consolidated financial statements .
there are no other significant financial debt covenants related to our third-party debt. see note 11: lines of credit in the notes to consolidated financial statements for more information.
credit ratings upon completion of our merger with plum creek on february 19, 2016, s&p changed our long-term issuer credit ratings from bbb to bbb-. however, on may 9, 2017, s&p upgraded our long-term issuer credit ratings from bbb- back to bbb.
on april 14, 2015, moody's investors service upgraded our long-term issuer credit ratings from baa3 to baa2. there was no change to our moody's rating as a result of completing the merger with plum creek.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
50
table of contents option exercises our cash proceeds from the exercise of stock options were:
•  $128 millionin2017,
•  $61 millionin2016and
•  $34 millionin2015.
our average stock price was $33.61 , $30.01 and $31.67 in 2017 , 2016 and 2015 , respectively.
dividends we paid cash dividends on common shares of:
•  $941 millionin2017,
•  $932 millionin2016and
•  $619 millionin2015.
changes in the amount of dividends we paid were primarily due to:
•  an increase in our quarterly dividend from 31 cents per share to 32 cents per share in november 2017;
•  an increase in our quarterly dividend from 29 cents per share to 31 cents per share in august 2015; and an increase in the number of common shares outstanding during 2016, which was primarily attributable to
•  the278,886,704shares issued as consideration in our merger with plum creek on february 19, 2016, offset by our subsequent repurchase of67,816,810shares between march 2016 and july 2016.
we paid cash dividends on preference shares of $22 million in 2016 and $44 million in 2015 . as all preference shares were converted to common shares on july 1, 2016, we did not pay any cash dividends on preference shares during 2017 . see note 15: shareholders' interest in the notes to consolidated financial statements for more information.
our dividends declared on preference shares were 79.69 cents per share in:
•  february and may 2016; and
•  february, may, august and october 2015.
on february 9, 2018, our board of directors declared a dividend of 32 cents per share, payable on march 23, 2018, to shareholders of record at the close of business march 2, 2018.
stock repurchases on august 13, 2014, our board of directors approved a stock repurchase program under which we were authorized to repurchase up to $700 million of outstanding shares (the 2014 repurchase program). the 2014 repurchase program replaced the prior 2011 stock repurchase program. during 2014, we repurchased 6,062,993 shares of common stock for
$203 million under the 2014 repurchase program. during 2015 we completed the 2014 repurchase program by repurchasing 15,471,962 shares of common stock for $497 million . all common stock purchases under the stock repurchase program were made in open-market transactions.
on august 27, 2015, our board of directors approved a new share repurchase program of up to $500 million of outstanding shares (the 2015 repurchase program), commencing upon completion of the 2014 repurchase program. during
2015, we repurchased 717,464 shares of common stock for $22 million under the 2015 repurchase program. as of december 31, 2015, we had remaining authorization of $478 million for future stock repurchases. all common stock purchases under the stock repurchase program were made in open-market transactions.
the 2016 share repurchase authorization was approved in november 2015 by our board of directors and authorized management to repurchase up to $2.5 billion of outstanding shares subsequent to the closing of our merger with plum creek (the 2016 repurchase program). this new authorization replaced the august 2015 share repurchase authorization. during 2016, we repurchased 67,816,810 shares of common stock for $2 billion under the 2016
repurchase program. we did not repurchase any shares of common stock during 2017. as of december 31, 2017 , we had remaining authorization of $500 million for future stock repurchases. all common stock purchases under the stock repurchase program were made in open-market transactions. we had 755,223 thousand shares of common stock outstanding as of december 31, 2017 .
our contractual obligations and commercial commitments more details about our contractual obligations and commercial commitments are in note 9: pension and other postretirement benefit plans , note 12: long-term debt , note 14: legal proceedings, commitments and contingencies and note 20: income taxes in the notes to consolidated financial statements .
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
51
table of contents significant contractual obligations as of december 31, 2017
payments due by period dollar amounts in               less than                     1-3         3-5       more than millions            total          1 year                   years       years         5 years
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
long-term debt obligations, including         $                   5,956    $         62    $                500    $    719    $      4,675
current portion(1)(note
12)
interest(2)                           3,023             362                     678         586           1,397
operating lease                         324              40                      67          56             161
obligations purchase                                 53              50                       3           -               -
obligations(3)
employee-related                        416             140                      50          32              89
obligations(4)
liabilities related to unrecognized tax                          4               -                       -           -               -
benefits(note
20)(5)
total             $                   9,776    $        654    $              1,298    $  1,393    $      6,322
(1)   does not include nonrecourse debt held by our variable interest entities (vies).
seenote 8: related partiesin thenotes to consolidated financial statementsfor further information on our vies and the related nonrecourse debt.
(2)   amounts presented for interest payments assume that all long-term debt obligations outstanding as of december 31, 2017, will remain outstanding until maturity, and interest rates on variable-rate debt in effect as of december 31, 2017, will remain in effect until maturity.
(3)   purchase obligations include agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding on the company and that specify all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction.
purchase obligations exclude arrangements that the company can cancel without penalty.
(4)   the timing of certain of these payments will be triggered by retirements or other events.
these payments can include workers'
compensation, deferred compensation and banked vacation, among other obligations. when the timing of payment is uncertain, the amounts are included in the total column only.
minimum pension funding is required by established funding standards and estimates are not made beyond
2018. estimated payments of contractually obligated postretirement benefits are not included due to the uncertainty of payment timing.
(5)   we have recognized total liabilities related to unrecognized tax benefits of $4
million as of december 31, 2017.
the timing of payments related to these obligations is uncertain;
however, none of this amount is expected to be paid within the next year.
off-balance sheet arrangements off-balance sheet arrangements have not had - and are not reasonably likely to have - a material effect on our current or future financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. note 8: related parties and note 11:
lines of credit in the notes to consolidated financial statements contain our disclosures of:
•  surety bonds,
•  letters of credit and guarantees and
•  information regarding variable interest entities.
environmental matters, legal proceedings and other contingencies see note 14: legal proceedings, commitments and contingencies in the notes to consolidated financial statements .
accounting matters critical accounting policies in the preparation of our financial statements we follow established accounting policies and make estimates that affect both the amounts and timing of the recording of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. some of these estimates require judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain. accounting policies whose application may have a significant effect on the reported results of operations and financial position are considered critical accounting policies.
in accounting, we base our judgments and estimates on:
•  historical experience and
•  assumptions we believe are appropriate and reasonable under current circumstances.
actual results, however, may differ from the estimated amounts we have recorded.
our most critical accounting policies relate to our:
•  pension and postretirement benefit plans;
•  potential impairments of long-lived assets;
•  legal, environmental and product liability reserves;
•  timber depletion; and
•  business combinations.
details about our other significant accounting policies - what we use and how we estimate - are in note 1: summary of significant accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements .
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
52
table of contents pension and postretirement benefit plans we sponsor several pension and postretirement benefit plans for our employees. key assumptions we use in accounting for the plans include our:
•  expected long-term rate of return on plan assets and
•  discount rates.
at the end of every year, we review our assumptions with external advisers and make adjustments as appropriate. we use these assumptions to calculate liability information as of yearend and pension and post retirement expense for the following year. actual experience that differs from our assumptions or any changes in our assumptions could have a significant effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
other factors that affect our accounting for the plans include:
•  actual pension fund performance,
•  level of lump sum distributions,
•  plan changes and amendments,
•  portfolio changes and restructuring,
•  anticipated trends in health care costs,
•  assumed increases in salaries and
•  mortality rates.
this section provides more information about our:
•  expected long-term rate of return and
•  discount rates.
expected long-term rate of return on plan assets plan assets are assets of the pension plan trusts that fund the benefits provided under the pension plans. the expected long-term rate of return is our estimate of the long-term rate of return that our plan assets will earn.
our expected long-term rate of return is important in determining the net periodic benefit or cost we recognize for our plans.
over the 33 years it has been in place, our u.s. pension trust investment strategy has achieved a 13.7 percent net compound annual return rate.
after considering available information at the end of 2016, we determined that it was appropriate to reduce our assumption of long-term rate of return on plan assets used in determining net periodic benefit cost from 9.0
percent for the year ended december 31, 2016, to 8.0 percent for the year ended december 31, 2017. based on the information available at the end of 2017, we determined that it is appropriate to continue to use the 8.0 percent return on plan assets assumption during 2018.
factors we considered include:
•  the net compounded annual return of over8 percentachieved by our u.s. pension trust investment strategy the past 5 years and
•  current and expected valuation levels in the global equity and credit markets.
our expected long-term rate of return is important in determining the net periodic benefit or cost we recognize for our plans. every 50 basis point decrease in our expected long-term rate of return would increase expense or reduce a credit by approximately:
•  $22 million for our u.s. qualified pension plans and
•  $5 million for our canadian registered pension plans.
the actual return on plan assets in any given year may vary from our expected long-term rate of return. actual returns on plan assets affect the funded status of the plans. differences between actual returns on plan assets and the expected long-term rate of return are reflected as adjustments to cumulative other comprehensive income (loss), a component of total equity.
discount rates our discount rates as of december 31, 2017 , are:
•  3.7 percentfor our u.s. pension plans - compared with4.3 percentatdecember 31, 2016;
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
•  3.5 percentfor our u.s. postretirement plans - compared with3.7 percentatdecember 31, 2016;
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
•  3.5 percentfor our canadian pension plans - compared with3.7 percentatdecember 31, 2016; and
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
•  3.4 percentfor our canadian postretirement plans - compared with3.6 percentatdecember 31, 2016.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
we review our discount rates annually and revise them as needed. the discount rates are selected at the measurement date by matching current spot rates of high-quality corporate bonds with maturities similar to the timing of expected cash outflows for benefits.
pension and postretirement benefit expenses for 2018 will be based on the 3.7 percent and 3.5 percent assumed discount rates for u.s. plans and 3.5 percent and 3.4 percent assumed discount rates for the canadian plans.
our discount rates are important in determining the cost of our plans. a 50 basis point decrease in our discount rate would increase expense or reduce a credit by approximately:
•  $34 million for our u.s. qualified pension plans and
•  $4 million for our canadian registered pension plans.
long-lived assets we review the carrying value of our long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable through future operations. the carrying value is the amount assigned to long-lived assets in our financial statements.
an impairment occurs when the carrying value of long-lived assets will not be recovered from future cash flows and is more than fair market value. fair market value is the estimated amount we would receive if we were to sell the assets.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
53
table of contents in determining fair market value and whether impairment has occurred, we are required to estimate:
•  future cash flows,
•  residual values and
•  fair values of the assets.
key assumptions we use in developing the estimates include:
•  probability of alternative outcomes,
•  product pricing,
•  raw material costs,
•  product sales and
•  discount rate.
contingent liabilities we are subject to lawsuits, investigations and other claims related to environmental, product and other matters, and are required to assess the likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes to these matters, as well as potential ranges of probable losses.
we record contingent liabilities when:
•  it becomes probable that we will have to make payments and
•  the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated.
assessing probability of loss and estimating probable losses requires analysis of multiple factors, including:
•  historical experience,
•  evaluations of relevant legal and environmental regulations,
•  judgments about the potential actions of third party claimants and courts, and
•  consideration of potential environmental remediation methods.
in addition to contingent liabilities recorded for probable losses, we disclose contingent liabilities when there is a reasonable possibility that an ultimate loss may occur.
while we do our best in developing our projections, recorded contingent liabilities are based on the best information available and actual losses in any future period are inherently uncertain. if estimated probable future losses or actual losses exceed our recorded liability for such claims, we would record additional charges. these exposures and proceedings can be significant and the ultimate negative outcomes could be material to our operating results or cash flow in any given quarter or year. see note 14: legal proceedings, commitments and contingencies in the notes to consolidated financial statements for more information.
timber depletion we record depletion, the costs attributed to timber harvested, as trees are harvested.
to calculate our depletion rates, which are updated annually, we:
•  take the total carrying cost of the timber and
•  divide by the total timber volume estimated to be harvested during the harvest cycle.
estimating the volume of timber available for harvest over the harvest cycle requires consideration of the following factors:
•  effects of fertilizer and pesticide applications,
•  changes in environmental regulations and other regulatory restrictions,
•  limits on harvesting certain timberlands,
•  changes in harvest plans,
•  scientific advancement in seedling and growing technology; and
•  changes in weather patterns.
in addition, the duration of the harvest cycle varies by geographic region and species of timber.
depletion rate calculations do not include estimates for:
•  future silviculture or sustainable forest management costs associated with existing stands,
•  future reforestation costs associated with a stand's final harvest; and
•  future volume in connection with the replanting of a stand subsequent to its final harvest.
a 5 percent decrease in our estimate of future harvest volumes would have:
•  increased depletion expense by $12 million for2017and
•  increased depletion expense by $13 million for2016.
business combinations we recognize identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their acquisition date fair value. goodwill, if any, as of the acquisition date is measured as the excess of consideration transferred over the net of the acquisition date fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed. while we use our best estimates and assumptions for the purchase price allocation process to value assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date, our estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. as a result, during the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, we record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to any goodwill previously recorded (or to earnings in the event that no goodwill was previously recorded) to the extent that we identify adjustments to the preliminary purchase price allocation. beginning january 1, 2016, we adopted asu 2015-16, which eliminates the requirements to retrospectively apply measurement period adjustments to the preliminary purchase price allocation and revise comparative information on the income statement and balance sheet for any prior periods affected. we will recognize measurement period adjustments and any resulting effect on earnings during the period in which the adjustment is identified. upon the conclusion of the measurement period or final weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
54
table of contents determination of the values of assets acquired or liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to our consolidated statement of operations.
prospective accounting pronouncements a summary of prospective accounting pronouncements is in note 1: summary of significant accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements .
performance measures we use adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, depletion and amortization (adjusted ebitda) as a key performance measure to evaluate the performance of the consolidated company and our business segments. this measure should not be considered in isolation from and is not intended to represent an alternative to our results reported in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (u.s. gaap). however, we believe adjusted ebitda provides meaningful supplemental information for our investors about our operating performance, better facilitates period to period comparisons, and is widely used by analysts, lenders, rating agencies and other interested parties. our definition of adjusted ebitda may be different from similarly titled measures reported by other companies. adjusted ebitda, as we define it, is operating income from continuing operations adjusted for depreciation, depletion, amortization, basis of real estate sold, pension and postretirement costs not allocated to business segments (primarily interest cost, expected return on plan assets, amortization of actuarial loss and amortization of prior service cost/credit), and special items. adjusted ebitda excludes results from joint ventures.
adjusted ebitda by segment dollar amounts in millions            2017         2016         2015
──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
timberlands        $                    936     $    865     $    678
real estate & enr                       241          189           98
wood products                         1,017          641          372
2,194        1,695        1,148
unallocated items                      (114  )      (112  )      (123  )
total              $                  2,080     $  1,583     $  1,025
we reconcile adjusted ebitda to net earnings for the consolidated company and to operating income for the business segments, as those are the most directly comparable u.s. gaap measures for each.
the table below reconciles adjusted ebitda by segment to net earnings during the year ended 2017 :
dollar amounts in                       real estate               wood        unallocated millions      timberlands              & enr           products              items        total
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
net earnings                                                                           $    582
earnings from discontinued                                                                                  -
operations, net of taxes interest expense, net of                                                                                          393
capitalized interest income taxes                                                                                134
net contributi...  $                     532    $           146     $          569    $          (138  )  $  1,109
to earnings equity earnings                             -                 (1  )               -                  -           (1  )
from joint ventures non-operat...
pension and other postretire...                          -                  -                  -                 62           62
benefit costs
(credits)
interest income and                           -                  -                  -                (39  )       (39  )
other operating                          532                145                569               (115  )     1,131
income depreciati...
depletion                          356                 15                145                  5          521
and amortizati...
basis of real estate                          -                 81                  -                  -           81
sold unallocated pension                              -                  -                  -                  4            4
service costs special                             48                  -                303                 (8  )       343
items(1)(2...
adjusted     $                     936    $           241     $        1,017    $          (114  )  $  2,080
ebitda
(1)   pretax special items included in timberlands consists of:
a $147
million noncash impairment charge of the uruguayan operations a
$99 million gain on sale of land in our southern timberlands region.(2)
pretax special items included in wood products consists of:
$290 million charge for product remediation,
$7 million for countervail...
and antidumping duties on canadian softwood lumber that the company sold in the united states, and a $6 million impairment charge on a nonstrategic asset.(3)
pretax special items included in unallocated items consist of:
$42 million for environment...
remediation insurance recoveries and $34
million for plum creek merger-rela...
costs.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
55
table of contents the table below reconciles adjusted ebitda by segment to net earnings during the year ended 2016 :
dollar amounts in                       real estate               wood        unallocated millions      timberlands              & enr           products              items        total
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
net earnings                                                                           $  1,027
earnings from discontinued                                                                               (612  )
operations, net of taxes interest expense, net of                                                                                          431
capitalized interest income taxes                                                                                 89
net contributi...  $                     499    $            55     $          512    $          (131  )  $    935
to earnings equity earnings                             -                 (2  )               -                (20  )       (22  )
from joint ventures non-operat...
pension and other postretire...                          -                  -                  -                (48  )       (48  )
benefit costs
(credits)
interest income and                           -                  -                  -                (43  )       (43  )
other operating                          499                 53                512               (242  )       822
income depreciati...
depletion                          366                 13                129                  4          512
and amortizati...
basis of real estate                          -                109                  -                  -          109
sold unallocated pension                              -                  -                  -                  5            5
service costs special                              -                 14                  -                121          135
items(1)(2)
adjusted     $                     865    $           189     $          641    $          (112  )  $  1,583
ebitda
(1)
special items included in real estate
& enr relate to an asset impairment charge recorded for development projects.(2)
special items included in unallocated items consist of:
$146 million plum creek merger-rela...
costs, $36
million gain on sale of nonstrategic assets and
$11 million of legal expense.
the table below reconciles adjusted ebitda by segment to net earnings during the year ended 2015 :
dollar amounts in                       real estate               wood        unallocated millions      timberlands              & enr           products              items        total
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
net earnings                                                                           $    506
earnings from discontinued                                                                                (95  )
operations, net of taxes interest expense, net of                                                                                          341
capitalized interest income taxes                                                                                (58  )
net contributi...  $                     470    $            79    $           258    $          (113  )  $    694
to earnings equity earnings                             -                  -                  -                  -            -
from joint ventures non-operat...
pension and other postretire...                          -                  -                  -                (14  )       (14  )
benefit costs
(credits)
interest income and                           -                  -                  -                (36  )       (36  )
other operating                          470                 79                258               (163  )       644
income depreciati...
depletion                          208                  1                106                 10          325
and amortizati...
basis of real estate                          -                 18                  -                  -           18
sold unallocated pension                              -                  -                  -                  3            3
service costs special                              -                  -                  8                 27           35
items(1)(2)
adjusted     $                     678    $            98    $           372    $          (123  )  $  1,025
ebitda
(1)
special items included in wood products are pretax restructuri...
charges related to the closure of four distribution centers.
(2)
special items included in unallocated items consist of a
$13 million noncash impairment charge related to a nonstrategic asset that was sold in the second quarter and
$14 million of plum creek merger-rela...
costs.
weyerhaeuser company >
2017 annual report and form 10-k
56
table of contents quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk 
