item 1a. risk factors you should carefully consider the risk factors set forth below, as well as the other information contained in this annual report on form 10-k, regarding matters that could have an adverse effect, including a material one, on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
risks related to our business the controversy, regulatory action, litigation and investigations related to stephen a. wynn and his separation from the company could significantly harm our business.
on february 6, 2018, mr. wynn resigned as ceo and chairman of the board of directors after allegations of inappropriate personal conduct by mr. wynn in the workplace were reported in a january 26, 2018 wall street journal article. the resulting controversy related to mr. wynn and his separation from the company could significantly harm our business in numerous ways, including in ways that we cannot predict. as discussed elsewhere in this form 10-k, gaming regulators in macau, massachusetts and nevada are reviewing the situation. each of these regulatory authorities has extensive power to license and oversee the operations of our casino resorts and could take action against the company and its related licensees or mr. wynn, including actions that could affect the ability or terms upon which our subsidiaries hold their gaming licenses and concessions, the suitability of the company to continue as a stockholder of those subsidiaries, and/or the suitability of mr. wynn to continue as a stockholder of the company. as discussed in item 3-"legal proceedings" and item 8-"financial statements and supplementary data," note 14, "commitments and contingencies-litigation," lawsuits have been filed against the company and our board of directors arising out of the allegations against mr. wynn, and such claims present a number of risks, including distraction of management, assertions that could affect our reputation, and potential legal liabilities. additional allegations have been and may in the future be asserted against mr. wynn and/or the company, and additional regulatory or legal proceedings involving the company may be commenced in the future. the developments regarding mr. wynn have and may in the future affect the course of proceedings and the parties' position in litigation in which elaine p. wynn, mr. wynn's former spouse, submitted a cross claim seeking to void a stockholders agreement to which she and mr. wynn are parties. the cross claim, if successful, could increase the possibility of a change in control occurring for purposes of
16
certain wynn las vegas, llc debt documents. for additional information on the cross claim, see item 8-"financial statements and supplementary data," note 14, "commitments and contingencies." in addition, the company's integrated resort business model was pioneered by mr. wynn. our business, reputation, and competitive position may now suffer as a result of our association with mr. wynn, or as a result of his separation from the company and the loss of his skills and experience.
we are subject to extensive state and local regulation, and licensing and gaming authorities have significant control over our operations. the cost of compliance or failure to comply with such regulations and authorities could have a negative effect on our business.
the operations of our resorts are contingent upon our obtaining and maintaining all necessary licenses, permits, approvals, registrations, findings of suitability, orders and authorizations in the jurisdictions in which our resorts are located. the laws, regulations and ordinances requiring these licenses, permits and other approvals generally relate to the responsibility, financial stability and character of the owners and managers of gaming operations, as well as persons financially interested or involved in gaming operations. the ngc may require the holder of any debt or securities we or wynn las vegas, llc issue to file applications, be investigated and be found suitable to own wynn resorts' securities if it has reason to believe that the security ownership would be inconsistent with the declared policies of the state of nevada.
the company's articles of incorporation provide that, to the extent required by the gaming authority making the determination of unsuitability or to the extent the board of directors determines, in its sole discretion, that a person is likely to jeopardize the company's or any affiliate's application for, receipt of, approval for, right to the use of, or entitlement to, any gaming license, shares of wynn resorts' capital stock that are owned or controlled by such unsuitable person or its affiliates are subject to redemption by wynn resorts. the redemption price may be paid in cash, by promissory note, or both, as required, and pursuant to the terms established by the applicable gaming authority and, if not, as wynn resorts elects. on february 18, 2012, after receiving a report from freeh, sporkin & sullivan, llp (the "freeh report") detailing numerous instances of conduct constituting prima facie violations of the foreign corrupt practices act (the "fcpa") by kazuo okada (formerly the largest beneficial owner of wynn resorts' shares) and certain of his affiliates, the board of directors of wynn resorts determined that aruze usa inc. ("aruze"), universal entertainment corporation, and mr. kazuo okada (collectively, the "okada parties") were "unsuitable" within the meaning of article vii of wynn resorts' articles of incorporation and redeemed all of aruze's shares of wynn resorts' common stock. see item 8-"financial statements and supplementary data," note 14, "commitments and contingencies."
nevada and massachusetts regulatory authorities have broad powers to request detailed financial and other information, to limit, condition, suspend or revoke a registration, gaming license or related approvals; approve changes in our operations; and levy fines or require forfeiture of assets for violations of gaming laws or regulations. complying with gaming laws, regulations and license requirements is costly. any change in the nevada and massachusetts laws, regulations or licenses applicable to our business or a violation of any current or future laws or regulations applicable to our business or gaming licenses could require us to make substantial expenditures and forfeit assets, and would negatively affect our gaming operations.
our macau operations are subject to unique risks. failure to adhere to the regulatory and gaming environment in macau could result in the revocation of our macau operations' concession or otherwise negatively affect its operations in macau. moreover, we are subject to the risk that u.s. regulators could determine that macau's gaming regulatory framework has not developed in a way that would permit us to conduct operations in macau in a manner consistent with the way in which we intend, or the nevada gaming authorities require us, to conduct our operations in the united states.
in connection with the allegations of inappropriate personal conduct by mr. wynn in the workplace reported in a january 26, 2018 wall street journal article, gaming regulators in massachusetts and nevada are reviewing the allegations, the company's internal policies and procedures with respect to maintaining a safe and respectful workplace for all employees and suitability with respect to the company and its related licensees. the gaming regulator in macau is monitoring and reviewing the situation. each of these regulatory authorities has extensive power to license and oversee the operations of our casino resorts and could take action against the company and its related licensees or mr. wynn, including actions that could affect the ability or terms upon which our subsidiaries hold their gaming licenses and concessions, the suitability of the company to continue as a stockholder of those affiliates and/or the suitability of mr. wynn to continue as a stockholder of the company.
17
ongoing investigations, litigation and other disputes could distract management and result in negative publicity and additional scrutiny from regulators.
there has been widespread publicity of the findings in the freeh report of prima facie violations of law by mr. okada and his affiliates, the board of directors' unsuitability finding, the redemption of shares and related litigation. in addition, elaine p. wynn has asserted various claims against mr. wynn, the company and various company officers, which have and may continue to draw adverse publicity or impugn the company's reputation.
on january 26, 2018, the company's board of directors formed a special committee comprised solely of independent directors to investigate allegations of inappropriate personal conduct by mr. wynn in the workplace. on february 12, 2018, the special committee announced that its review was expanded to include a comprehensive review of the company's internal policies and procedures with the goal of employing best practices to maintain a safe and respectful workplace for all employees. gaming regulators in massachusetts and nevada are reviewing these matters, including suitability with respect to the company and its related licensees, and the company is cooperating with these regulatory reviews. the gaming regulator in macau is monitoring and reviewing the situation, and the company is cooperating.
the foregoing investigations, litigation and other disputes and any additional such matters that may arise in the future, can be expensive and may divert management's attention from the operations of our businesses. the investigations, litigation and other disputes may also lead to additional scrutiny from regulators, which could lead to investigations relating to, and possibly a negative impact on, the company's gaming licenses and the company's ability to bid successfully for new gaming market opportunities. in addition, the actions, litigation and publicity could negatively impact our business, reputation and competitive position and could reduce demand for shares of wynn resorts and wml and thereby have a negative impact on the trading prices of their respective shares.
we depend on the continued services of key managers and employees. if we do not retain our key personnel or attract and retain other highly skilled employees, our business will suffer.
our ability to maintain our competitive position is dependent to a large degree on the services of our senior management team. the loss of services of our senior managers or the inability to attract and retain additional senior management personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business.
our business is particularly sensitive to reductions in discretionary consumer and corporate spending as a result of global economic conditions.
consumer demand for casino/hotel resorts, trade shows and conventions and for the type of luxury amenities that we offer is particularly sensitive to changes in the global economy, which adversely impact discretionary spending on leisure activities. changes in discretionary consumer spending or consumer preferences brought about by factors such as perceived or actual general global economic conditions, high unemployment, weakness in housing or oil markets, perceived or actual changes in disposable consumer income and wealth, an economic recession and changes in consumer confidence in the global economy, or fears of war and future acts of terrorism have in the past and could in the future reduce customer demand for the luxury amenities and leisure activities we offer, and may have a significant negative impact on our operating results.
also, consumer demographics and preferences may evolve over time, which, for example, has resulted in growth in consumer demand for non-gaming offerings. our success depends in part on our ability to anticipate the preferences of consumers and react to those trends and any failure to do so may negatively impact our operating results.
visitation to macau may decline due to economic disruptions in mainland china, restrictions on visitations to macau from citizens of mainland china and the anti-corruption or similar campaigns.
a significant number of our gaming customers at our macau operations come from mainland china. economic disruption, contraction and uncertainty in china could impact the number of patrons visiting our macau operations or the amount they may be willing to spend. in addition, policies adopted from time to time by the chinese government, including any travel restrictions imposed by china on its citizens such as restrictions imposed on exit visas granted to residents of mainland china for travel to macau, could disrupt the number of visitors from mainland china to our property. it is not known when, or if, policies restricting visitation by mainland chinese citizens to macau and hong kong, will be put in place and travel policies may be adjusted, without notice, in the future. furthermore, the chinese government's continuing anti-corruption campaign has influenced the behavior of chinese consumers and their spending patterns both domestically and abroad. the campaign and mainland chinese monetary outflow policies have specifically led to tighter monetary transfer regulations, including real time monitoring of certain financial channels, limitations on cash withdrawals from atm machines by mainland china citizens and
18
the reduction of annual withdrawal limits from bank accounts while the account holder is outside of mainland china. these policies may impact the number of visitors and the amount of money they bring from mainland china to macau. the overall effect of these policies may negatively affect our revenues and results of operations.
our business is particularly sensitive to the willingness of our customers to travel to and spend time at our resorts. acts or the threat of acts of terrorism, regional political events and developments in certain countries could cause severe disruptions in air and other travel and may otherwise negatively impact tourists' willingness to visit our resorts. such events or developments could reduce the number of visitors to our facilities, resulting in a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
we are dependent on the willingness of our customers to travel. only a small amount of our business is and will be generated by local residents. most of our customers travel to reach our las vegas and macau properties. acts of terrorism or concerns over the possibility of such acts may severely disrupt domestic and international travel, which would result in a decrease in customer visits to las vegas and macau, including our properties. regional conflicts could have a similar effect on domestic and international travel. disruptions in air or other forms of travel as a result of any terrorist act, outbreak of hostilities, escalation of war or worldwide infectious disease outbreak would have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
furthermore, the attack in las vegas on october 1, 2017 underscores the possibility that large public facilities could become the target of mass shootings or other attacks in the future. the occurrence or the possibility of attacks could cause all or portions of affected properties to be shut down for prolonged periods, resulting in a loss of income; generally reduce travel to affected areas for tourism and business or adversely affect the willingness of customers to stay in or avail themselves of the services of the affected properties; expose us to a risk of monetary claims arising from death, injury or damage to property caused by any such attack; and result in higher costs for security and insurance premiums, all of which could adversely affect our results.
our continued success depends on our ability to maintain the reputation of our resorts.
our strategy and integrated resort business model rely on positive perceptions of our resorts and the level of service we provide.  any deterioration in our reputation could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows.  our reputation could be negatively impacted by our failure to deliver the superior design and customer service for which we are known or by events that are beyond our control.  our reputation may also suffer as a result of negative publicity regarding the company or our resorts, including as a result of social media reports, regardless of the accuracy of such publicity.  the continued expansion of media and social media formats has compounded the potential scope of negative publicity and has made it more difficult to control and effectively manage negative publicity.
mr. okada and his affiliates have challenged the redemption of aruze's shares. an adverse judgment or settlement resulting from the related litigation could reduce our profits or limit our ability to operate our business.
on february 18, 2012, wynn resorts' gaming compliance committee received the freeh report detailing a pattern of misconduct by the okada parties. after receiving the freeh report, the board of directors of wynn resorts determined that each of the okada parties was "unsuitable" within the meaning of article vii of wynn resorts' articles of incorporation and redeemed all of aruze's shares of wynn resorts' common stock. see item 8-"financial statements and supplementary data," note 14, "commitments and contingencies." on february 19, 2012, wynn resorts filed a complaint in the eighth judicial district court, clark county, nevada against the okada parties (as amended, the "complaint"), alleging breaches of fiduciary duty and related claims (the "redemption action") arising from the activities addressed in the freeh report. the company is seeking compensatory and special damages as well as a declaration that it acted lawfully and in full compliance with its articles of incorporation, bylaws and other governing documents in redeeming and canceling the shares of aruze. on march 12, 2012, the okada parties filed an answer denying the claims and a counterclaim (as amended, the "counterclaim") against the company, each of the members of the company's board of directors (other than mr. okada) and wynn resorts' general counsel (collectively, the "wynn parties"), seeking, among other things, a declaration that the redemption of aruze's shares was void, an injunction restoring aruze's share ownership, damages in an unspecified amount and rescission of the amended and restated stockholders agreement, dated as of january 6, 2010, by and among aruze, stephen a. wynn, and elaine p. wynn (the "stockholders agreement"). in connection with the redemption action and counterclaim additional actions were commenced. for a full description of these matters and status as of the date of this report, see item 8-"financial statements and supplementary data," note 14, "commitments and contingencies." the company is vigorously pursuing its claims against the okada parties, and together with the other counter-defendants, vigorously defending against the counterclaim and other actions asserted against them. however, as with all litigation, the outcome of these proceedings cannot be predicted. any adverse judgments or settlements involving payment of a material sum of money could cause a material adverse effect on our
19
financial condition and results of operations and could expose us to additional claims by third parties, including current or former investors or regulators. any adverse judgments or settlements would reduce our profits and could limit our ability to operate our business.
we are entirely dependent on a limited number of resorts for all of our cash flow, which subjects us to greater risks than a gaming company with more operating properties.
we are currently entirely dependent upon our macau operations and las vegas operations for all of our operating cash flow. as a result, we are subject to a greater degree of risk than a gaming company with more operating properties or greater geographic diversification. the risks to which we have a greater degree of exposure include the following:
•   changes in local economic and competitive conditions;
•   changes in local and state governmental laws and regulations, including gaming laws and regulations, and the way in which those laws and regulations are applied;
•   natural and other disasters, including the outbreak of infectious diseases;
•   an increase in the cost of maintaining our properties;
•   a decline in the number of visitors to las vegas or macau; and
•   a decrease in gaming and non-casino activities at our resorts.
any of the factors outlined above could negatively affect our results of operations and our ability to generate sufficient cash flow to make payments or maintain our covenants with respect to our debt.
we are a parent company and our primary source of cash is and will be distributions from our subsidiaries.
we are a parent company with limited business operations of our own. our main asset is the capital stock of our subsidiaries. we conduct most of our business operations through our direct and indirect subsidiaries. accordingly, our primary sources of cash are dividends and distributions with respect to our ownership interests in our subsidiaries that are derived from the earnings and cash flow generated by our operating properties. our subsidiaries might not generate sufficient earnings and cash flow to pay dividends or distributions in the future.
our subsidiaries' payments to us will be contingent upon their earnings and upon other business considerations. in addition, our subsidiaries' debt instruments and other agreements limit or prohibit certain payments of dividends or other distributions to us. we expect that future debt instruments for the financing of our other developments will contain similar restrictions. an inability of our subsidiaries to pay us dividends and distributions would have a significant negative effect on our liquidity.
our casino, hotel, convention and other facilities face intense competition, which may increase in the future.
the casino/hotel industry is highly competitive. our macau operations face intense competition with approximately 39 other casinos currently operating in macau. we hold a concession under one of only three gaming concessions and three subconcessions authorized by the macau government to operate casinos in macau. the macau government has had the ability to grant additional gaming concessions since april 2009. if the macau government were to allow additional competitors to operate in macau through the grant of additional concessions or subconcessions, we would face additional competition, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. several of the current concessionaires and subconcessionaires will open additional facilities in the cotai area over the next few years. several of the current concessionaires and subconcessionaires have opened facilities in the cotai area over the past few years, which has significantly increased gaming and non-gaming offerings in macau, with continued development and further openings in cotai expected in the near future.
our macau operations face competition from casinos located in singapore, the philippines and malaysia. we also encounter competition from other major gaming centers located around the world, including australia and las vegas, cruise ships in asia that offer gaming, and other casinos throughout asia. further, if current efforts to legalize gaming in other asian countries, such as japan, are successful, we will face additional regional competition.
our las vegas operations compete with other las vegas strip hotels and with other hotel casinos in las vegas on the basis of overall atmosphere, range of amenities, level of service, price, location, entertainment, theme and size, among other factors. wynn las vegas also competes with other casino/hotel facilities in other cities. the proliferation of gaming activities in other areas could significantly harm our business as well. in particular, the legalization or expansion of casino gaming in or
20
near metropolitan areas from which we attract customers could have a negative effect on our business. in addition, new or renovated casinos in macau or elsewhere in asia could draw asian gaming customers away from wynn las vegas.
increased competition could result in a loss of customers, which may negatively affect our cash flows and results of operations.
our business relies on high-end, international customers. we often extend credit, and we may not be able to collect gaming receivables from our credit players or credit play may decrease.
general. a significant portion of our table games revenue at our resorts is attributable to the play of a limited number of international customers. the loss or a reduction in the play of the most significant of these customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. a downturn in economic conditions in the countries in which these customers reside could cause a reduction in the frequency of visits by and revenue generated from these customers.
we conduct our gaming activities on a credit as well as a cash basis. the casino credit we extend is generally unsecured and due on demand. we will extend casino credit to those customers whose level of play and financial resources, in the opinion of management, warrant such an extension. the collectability of receivables from international customers could be negatively affected by future business or economic trends or by significant events in the countries in which these customers reside.
macau operations. although the law in macau permits casino operators to extend credit to gaming customers, our macau operations may not be able to collect all of its gaming receivables from its credit players. we expect that our macau operations will be able to enforce these obligations only in a limited number of jurisdictions, including macau. to the extent our gaming customers are visitors from other jurisdictions, we may not have access to a forum in which we will be able to collect all of our gaming receivables because, among other reasons, courts of many jurisdictions do not enforce gaming debts and we may encounter forums that will refuse to enforce such debts. our inability to collect gaming debts could have a significant negative impact on our operating results.
currently, the gaming tax in macau is calculated as a percentage of gross gaming revenue. however, unlike nevada, the gross gaming revenue calculation in macau does not include deductions for uncollectible gaming debts. as a result, if we extend credit to our customers in macau and are unable to collect on the related receivables from them, we remain obligated to pay taxes on our winnings from these customers.
las vegas operations. while gaming debts evidenced by a credit instrument, including what is commonly referred to as a "marker," are enforceable under the current laws of nevada, and judgments on gaming debts are enforceable in all states of the united states under the full faith and credit clause of the united states constitution, other jurisdictions may determine that direct or indirect enforcement of gaming debts is against public policy. although courts of some foreign nations will enforce gaming debts directly and the assets in the united states of foreign debtors may be used to satisfy a judgment, judgments on gaming debts from u.s. courts are not binding on the courts of many foreign nations. we cannot assure that we will be able to collect the full amount of gaming debts owed to us, even in jurisdictions that enforce them. changes in economic conditions may make it more difficult to assess creditworthiness and more difficult to collect the full amount of any gaming debt owed to us. our inability to collect gaming debts could have a significant negative impact on our operating results.
win rates for our gaming operations depend on a variety of factors, some of which are beyond our control.
the gaming industry is characterized by an element of chance. in addition to the element of chance, win rates are also affected by other factors, including players' skill and experience, the mix of games played, the financial resources of players, the spread of table limits, the volume of bets played, the amount of time played and undiscovered acts of fraud or cheating. our gross gaming revenues are mainly derived from the difference between our casino winnings and the casino winnings of our gaming customers. since there is an inherent element of chance in the gaming industry, we do not have full control over our winnings or the winnings of our gaming customers.
in addition, premium gaming is more volatile than other forms of gaming, and variances in win-loss results attributable to high-end gaming may have a positive or negative impact on cash flow and earnings in a particular quarter.
21
our new projects may not be successful.
in addition to the construction and regulatory risks associated with our current and future construction projects, we cannot assure you that the level of consumer demand for our casino resorts or for the type of luxury amenities that we will offer will meet our expectations. the operating results of our new projects may be materially different than the operating results of our current integrated resorts due to, among other reasons, differences in consumer and corporate spending and preferences in new geographic areas, increased competition from other markets or other developments that may be beyond our control. in addition, our new projects may be more sensitive to certain risks, including risks associated with downturns in the economy, than the resorts we currently operate. the demands imposed by new developments on our managerial, operational and other resources may impact our operation of our existing resorts. if any of these issues were to occur, it could adversely affect our prospects, financial condition, or results of operations.
we could encounter higher than expected cost increases in the development of our projects.
we are currently constructing wynn boston harbor in everett, massachusetts. the total project budget for wynn boston harbor, including gaming license fees, construction costs, capitalized interest, pre-opening expenses and land costs, is estimated to be approximately $2.5 billion. we have begun site preparation and pre-construction activities for the re-development of the land formerly occupied by the wynn las vegas golf course, which we closed in the fourth quarter of 2017. phase 1 of the project is expected to include a lagoon and additional meeting and convention space. based on current designs, we estimate the total project budget for phase 1 to be approximately $500 million and we expect to open phase 1 in the first half of 2020.
the projected development costs for our projects reflect our best estimates and the actual development costs may be higher than expected. contingencies that have been set aside by us to cover potential cost overruns or potential delays may be insufficient to cover the full amount of such overruns or delays. if these contingencies are not sufficient to cover these costs, or if we are not able to recover damages for these delays and contingencies, we may not have the funds required to pay the excess costs and this project may not be completed. failure to complete this project may negatively affect our financial condition, our results of operations and our ability to pay our debt.
construction projects will be subject to development and construction risks, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
major construction projects of the scope and scale of wynn boston harbor and the redevelopment of the wynn las vegas golf course land entail significant risks, including:
•   unanticipated cost increases;
•   shortages of, and price increases in, materials or skilled labor;
•   changes to plans and specifications;
•   delays in obtaining or inability to obtain requisite licenses, permits and authorizations from regulatory authorities;
•   changes in laws and regulations, or in the interpretation and enforcement of laws and regulations, applicable to gaming, leisure, real estate development or construction projects;
•   unforeseen engineering, environmental and/or geological problems;
•   labor disputes or work stoppages;
•   disputes with and defaults by contractors and subcontractors;
•   personal injuries to workers and other persons;
•   environment, health and safety issues, including site accidents;
•   delays or interference from severe weather or natural disasters;
•   geological, construction, excavation, regulatory and equipment problems; and
•   unavailability of construction equipment.
construction, equipment or staffing problems or difficulties in obtaining any of the requisite licenses, permits and authorizations from regulatory authorities could increase the total cost, delay or prevent the construction or opening or otherwise affect the design and features of our projects.
we anticipate that only some of the subcontractors engaged for these projects will post bonds guaranteeing timely completion of the subcontractor's work and payment for all of that subcontractor's labor and materials. these bonds may not be adequate to ensure completion of the work.
22
our facilities currently under development may not commence operations on schedule and construction costs for the projects may exceed budgeted amounts. failure to complete the projects on schedule or within budget may have a significant negative effect on us and on our ability to make payments on our debt.
we are currently required to commence gaming operations at wynn boston harbor by june 2020. if we are unable to meet this deadline, the massachusetts gaming commission may suspend or revoke our gaming license.
pursuant to the gaming act, the company is required to commence gaming operations at wynn boston harbor approximately one year from our projected opening date of mid-2019. if the company is unable to meet the current deadline and is unable to obtain an extension of the deadline from the mgc, the mgc may suspend or revoke our gaming license and, if we are found by the mgc after a hearing to have acted in bad faith, we will be assessed a fine of up to $50,000,000. failure to meet the deadline could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows from this planned facility.
any violation of applicable anti-money laundering laws or regulations or the foreign corrupt practices act could adversely affect our business, performance, prospects, value, financial condition, and results of operations.
we deal with significant amounts of cash in our operations and are subject to various jurisdictions' reporting and anti-money laundering laws and regulations. both u.s. and macau governmental authorities focus heavily on the gaming industry and compliance with anti-money laundering laws and regulations. from time to time, the company receives governmental and regulatory inquiries about compliance with such laws and regulations. the company cooperates with all such inquiries. any violation of anti-money laundering laws or regulations could adversely affect our business, performance, prospects, value, financial condition, and results of operations.
further, we have operations, and a significant portion of our revenue is derived outside of the united states. we are therefore subject to regulations imposed by the fcpa and other anti-corruption laws that generally prohibit u.s. companies and their intermediaries from offering, promising, authorizing or making improper payments to foreign government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. violations of the fcpa and other anti-corruption laws may result in severe criminal and civil sanctions as well as other penalties, and the sec and u.s. department of justice have increased their enforcement activities with respect such laws and regulations.
internal control policies and procedures and employee training and compliance programs that we have implemented to deter prohibited practices may not be effective in prohibiting our directors, employees, contractors or agents from violating or circumventing our policies and the law. if we or our directors, employees or agents fail to comply with applicable laws or company policies governing our operations, the company may face investigations, prosecutions and other legal proceedings and actions, which could result in civil penalties, administrative remedies and criminal sanctions. any such government investigations, prosecutions or other legal proceedings or actions could adversely affect our business, performance, prospects, value, financial condition, and results of operations.
mr. okada failed to comply with internal training in these matters and failed to return to wynn resorts an executed acknowledgment agreeing to comply with the wynn resorts code of business conduct and ethics. on february 19, 2012, wynn resorts filed a complaint in nevada state court against mr. okada and other entities alleging, among other things, breach of fiduciary duty in connection with alleged violations of the fcpa. for information on such complaint, the freeh report, which detailed numerous instances of conduct constituting prima facie violations of fcpa by mr. okada and certain of his affiliates, and the redemption aruze's shares, see item 8-"financial statements and supplementary data," note 14, "commitments and contingencies."
because we own real property, we are subject to extensive environmental regulation, which creates uncertainty regarding future environmental expenditures and liabilities.
we have incurred costs to comply with environmental requirements, such as those relating to discharges into the air, water and land, the handling and disposal of solid and hazardous waste and the cleanup of properties affected by hazardous substances. under these and other environmental requirements we may be required to investigate and clean up hazardous or toxic substances or chemical releases at our property. as an owner or operator, we could also be held responsible to a governmental entity or third parties for property damage, personal injury and investigation and cleanup costs incurred by them in connection with any contamination.
these laws typically impose cleanup responsibility and liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of or caused the presence of the contaminants. the liability under those laws has been interpreted to be joint and several unless the
23
harm is divisible and there is a reasonable basis for allocation of the responsibility. the costs of investigation, remediation or removal of those substances may be substantial, and the presence of those substances, or the failure to remediate a property properly, may impair our ability to use our property.
contamination has been identified at and in the vicinity of our site in everett, massachusetts. the ultimate cost of remediating contaminated sites is difficult to accurately predict and could exceed our current estimates. we may be required to conduct additional investigations and remediation with respect to this site. as a result, we also could incur material costs in excess of our estimates as a result of additional cleanup obligations imposed or contamination identified in the future. however, the environmental laws under which we operate are complicated and often increasingly more stringent, and may be applied retroactively. although our proposed expenditures related to environmental matters are not currently expected to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations, we may be required to make additional expenditures to remain in, or to achieve compliance with, environmental laws in the future.
compliance with changing laws and regulations may result in additional expenses and compliance risks.
changing laws and regulations are creating uncertainty for gaming companies. these changing laws and regulations are subject to varying interpretations in many cases due to their lack of specificity, recent issuance and/or lack of guidance. as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. in addition, further regulation of casinos, financial institutions and public companies is possible. this could result in continuing uncertainty and higher costs regarding compliance matters. due to our commitment to maintain high standards of compliance with laws and public disclosure, our efforts to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in increased general and administrative expense. in addition, we are subject to different parties' interpretation of our compliance with these new and changing laws and regulations.
we are subject to taxation by various governments and agencies. the rate of taxation could change.
we are subject to taxation by various governments and agencies, both in the u.s. and in macau. changes in the laws and regulations related to taxation, including changes in the rates of taxation, the amount of taxes we owe and the time when income is subject to taxation, our ability to claim u.s. foreign tax credits, failure to renew our macau dividend agreement and macau income tax exemption and the imposition of foreign withholding taxes could change our overall effective rate of taxation.
potential violations of law by mr. okada and his affiliates could have adverse consequences to the company.
the freeh report detailed numerous instances of conduct constituting prima facie violations of the fcpa by mr. okada and certain of his affiliates. see item 8-"financial statements and supplementary data," note 14, "commitments and contingencies." the company has provided the freeh report to applicable regulators and has been cooperating with related investigations of such regulators. the conduct of mr. okada and his affiliates and the outcome of any resulting regulatory findings could have adverse consequences to the company. a finding by regulatory authorities that mr. okada violated the fcpa on company property and/or otherwise involved the company in criminal or civil violations could result in actions by regulatory authorities against the company. relatedly, regulators have and may pursue separate investigations into the company's compliance with applicable laws in connection with the okada matter, as discussed in item 8-"financial statements and supplementary data," note 14, "commitments and contingencies." while the company believes that it is in full compliance with all applicable laws, any such investigations could result in actions by regulators against the company, which could negatively affect the company's financial condition and results of operations.
change in valuation of our redemption price promissory note could have a negative impact on our financial results.
we record the redemption note at fair value in accordance with applicable accounting guidance. as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, the fair value of the redemption note was $1.88 billion and $1.82 billion, respectively. in determining this fair value, we estimated the redemption note's present value using discounted cash flows with a probability-weighted expected return for redemption assumptions and a discount rate, which included time value and non-performance risk adjustments commensurate with the risk of the redemption note.
considerations for the redemption assumptions included the stated maturity of the redemption note, uncertainty of the related cash flows as well as potential effects of the following: uncertainties surrounding the potential outcome and timing of pending litigation with the okada parties (see item 8-"financial statements and supplementary data," note 14, "commitments and contingencies"); the outcome of on-going investigations of aruze by the united states attorney's office, the u.s. department of justice and the nevada gaming control board; and other potential legal and regulatory actions. in
24
addition, in the furtherance of various future business objectives, we considered our ability, at our sole option, to prepay the redemption note at any time in accordance with its terms without penalty. accordingly, we reasonably determined that the estimated life of the redemption note could be less than the contractual life of the redemption note.
in determination of the appropriate discount rate to be used in the estimated present value, the redemption note's subordinated position and credit risk relative to all other debt in our capital structure and credit ratings associated with our traded debt were considered. observable inputs for the risk free rate were based on federal reserve rates for u.s. treasury securities and the credit risk spread was based on a yield curve index of similarly rated debt.
a change in any of the assumptions discussed above could result in a change in the fair value of this redemption note and significantly impact our financial results.
our information technology and other systems are subject to cyber security risk including misappropriation of customer information or other breaches of information security.
we rely on information technology and other systems (including those maintained by third parties with whom we contract to provide data services) to maintain and transmit large volumes of customer financial information, credit card settlements, credit card funds transmissions, mailing lists and reservations information and other personally identifiable information. we also maintain important internal company data such as personally identifiable information about our employees and information relating to our operations. the systems and processes we have implemented to protect customers, employees and company information are subject to the ever-changing risk of compromised security. these risks include cyber and physical security breaches, system failure, computer viruses, and negligent or intentional misuse by customers, company employees, or employees of third-party vendors. the steps we take to deter and mitigate these risks may not be successful and our insurance coverage for protecting against cybersecurity risks may not be sufficient. our third-party information system service providers face risks relating to cybersecurity similar to ours, and we do not directly control any of such parties' information security operations. a significant theft, loss or fraudulent use of customer or company data maintained by us or by a third-party service provider could have an adverse effect on our reputation, cause a material disruption to our operations and management team, and result in remediation expenses, regulatory penalties and litigation by customers and other parties whose information was subject to such attacks, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows.
our collection and use of personal data are governed by privacy laws and regulations, and privacy law is an area that changes often and varies significantly by jurisdiction. compliance with applicable privacy regulations may increase our operating costs and/or adversely impact our ability to market our products, properties and services to our guests. in addition, non-compliance with applicable privacy regulations by us (or in some circumstances non-compliance by third parties engaged by us) or a breach of security on systems storing our data may result in damage of reputation and/or subject us to fines, payment of damages, lawsuits or restrictions on our use or transfer of data.
if a third party successfully challenges our ownership of, or right to use, the wynn-related trademarks and/or service marks, our business or results of operations could be harmed.
our intellectual property assets, especially the logo version of "wynn," are among our most valuable assets. we have filed applications with the pto and with various foreign patent and trademark registries including registries in macau, china, hong kong, singapore, taiwan, japan, certain european countries and various other jurisdictions throughout the world, to register a variety of wynn-related trademarks and service marks in connection with a variety of goods and services. these marks include "wynn resorts," "wynn design and development," "wynn las vegas," "wynn macau," "wynn palace" and "encore." some of the applications are based upon ongoing use and others are based upon a bona fide intent to use the marks in the future.
a common element of most of these marks is the use of the surname "wynn." as a general rule, a surname (or the portion of a mark primarily constituting a surname) is not eligible for registration unless the surname has acquired "secondary meaning." to date, we have been successful in demonstrating to the pto such secondary meaning for the wynn name, in certain of the applications, based upon factors including mr. wynn's prominence as a resort developer, but we cannot assure you that we will be successful with the other pending applications.
federal registrations are not completely dispositive of the right to such marks. third parties who claim prior rights with respect to similar marks may nonetheless challenge our right to obtain registrations or our use of the marks and seek to overcome the presumptions afforded by such registrations.
25
furthermore, due to the increased use of technology in computerized gaming machines and in business operations generally, other forms of intellectual property rights (such as patents and copyrights) are becoming of increased relevance. it is possible that, in the future, third parties might assert superior intellectual property rights or allege that their intellectual property rights cover some aspect of our operations. the defense of such allegations may result in substantial expenses, and, if such claims are successfully prosecuted, may have a material impact on our business. there has been an increase in the international operation of fraudulent online gambling and investment websites attempting to scam and defraud members of the public. we do not offer online gambling or investment accounts. websites offering these or similar activities and opportunities that use our names or similar names or images in likeness to ours, are doing so without our authorization and possibly unlawfully and with criminal intent. if our efforts to cause these sites to be shut down through civil action and by reporting these sites to the appropriate authorities (where applicable) are unsuccessful or not timely completed, these unauthorized activities may continue and harm our reputation and negatively affect our business. efforts we take to acquire and protect our intellectual property rights against unauthorized use throughout the world, which may include retaining counsel and commencing litigation in various jurisdictions, may be costly and may not be successful in protecting and preserving the status and value of our intellectual property assets.
our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all possible losses that we could suffer, including losses resulting from terrorism, and our insurance costs may increase.
we have comprehensive property and liability insurance policies for our properties with coverage features and insured limits that we believe are customary in their breadth and scope. however, in the event of a substantial loss, the insurance coverage we carry may not be sufficient to pay the full market value or replacement cost of our lost investment or could result in certain losses being totally uninsured. as a result, we could lose some or all of the capital we have invested in a property, as well as the anticipated future revenue from the property, and we could remain obligated for debt or other financial obligations related to the property.
market forces beyond our control may limit the scope of the insurance coverage we can obtain in the future or our ability to obtain coverage at reasonable rates. certain catastrophic losses may be uninsurable or too expensive to justify obtaining insurance. as a result, if we suffer such a catastrophic loss, we may not be successful in obtaining future insurance without increases in cost or decreases in coverage levels. furthermore, our debt instruments and other material agreements require us to maintain a certain minimum level of insurance. failure to satisfy these requirements could result in an event of default under these debt instruments or material agreements, which would negatively affect our business and financial condition.
risks associated with our macau operations our macau operations may be affected by adverse political and economic conditions.
our macau operations are subject to significant political, economic and social risks inherent in doing business in an emerging market. the future success of our macau operations will depend on political and economic conditions in macau and mainland china. for example, fiscal decline and civil, domestic or international unrest in macau, china or the surrounding region could significantly harm our business, not only by reducing customer demand for casino resorts, but also by increasing the risk of imposition of taxes and exchange controls or other governmental restrictions, laws or regulations that might impede our macau operations or our ability to repatriate funds.
revenues from our macau gaming operations will end if we cannot secure an extension of our concession in 2022 or if the macau government exercises its redemption right.
our concession agreement with the macau government expires in june 2022. unless our concession is extended, in june 2022, all of our gaming operations and related equipment in macau will be automatically transferred to the macau government without compensation to us and we will cease to generate any revenues from these operations. the macau government has publicly commented that it is studying the process by which concessions and subconcessions may be renewed. effective june 2017, the macau government may redeem the concession agreement by providing us at least one year's prior notice. in the event the macau government exercises this redemption right, we are entitled to fair compensation or indemnity. the amount of such compensation or indemnity will be determined based on the amount of revenue generated during the tax year prior to the redemption multiplied by the remaining years under the concession. we may not be able to renew or extend our concession agreement on terms favorable to us or at all and, if our concession is redeemed, the compensation paid to us may not be adequate to compensate us for the loss of future revenues. the redemption of or failure to extend our concession would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
26
we compete for limited labor resources in macau and macau government policies may also affect our ability to employ imported labor.
the success of our operations in macau will be affected by our success in hiring and retaining employees. we compete with a large number of casino resorts in macau for a limited number of qualified employees. in addition, the macau government requires that we only hire macau residents as dealers in our casinos. competition for these individuals in macau has increased and will continue to increase as other competitors expand their operations. we have to seek employees from other countries to adequately staff our resorts and certain macau government policies affect our ability to import labor in certain job classifications. despite our coordination with the macau labor and immigration authorities to assure that our labor needs are satisfied, we may not be able to recruit and retain a sufficient number of qualified employees for our operations or obtain required work permits for those employees. if we are unable to obtain, attract, retain and train skilled employees, our ability to adequately manage and staff our existing and planned casino and resort properties in macau could be impaired, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the smoking control legislation in macau could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
in 2014, the macau government approved additional smoking control legislation, which prohibited smoking in casinos starting on october 6, 2014. the legislation, however, permits casinos to maintain certain limited smoking areas open to vip patrons if such areas are within restricted access areas, comply with certain square footage ratios based on overall gaming area square footage and comply with the conditions set out in the dispatch of the chief executive, dated november 1, 2012, as amended by the dispatch of the chief executive, dated june 3, 2014. prior public announcements by the macau government indicated that the macau government intended to pursue a full smoking ban within all macau casinos, however, a new tobacco control law went into effect on january 1, 2018 requiring casinos to prohibit smoking in the currently permissible areas by december 31, 2018, and construct smoking lounges in accordance with certain stringent technical standards still to be determined. the existing smoking legislation, and any smoking legislation intended to fully ban all smoking in casinos, may deter potential gaming customers who are smokers from frequenting casinos in macau and disrupt the number of patrons visiting or the amount of time visiting patrons spend at our property, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
macau may not have an adequate transportation infrastructure to accommodate the demand of visitors to macau.
because of additional casino projects that are under construction and to be developed in the future, the ferry and helicopter services, which provide transportation between macau, hong kong, and mainland china may need to be expanded to accommodate the increased visitation to macau. if transportation facilities to and from macau are inadequate to meet the demands of an increased volume of gaming customers visiting macau, the desirability of macau as a gaming destination, as well as the results of operations of our macau operations, could be negatively impacted. furthermore, construction of current and future casino and infrastructure projects, adjacent to our properties could impede access to our properties during construction and development. this may negatively impact the results of our macau operations.
extreme weather conditions may have an adverse impact on our macau operations.
macau's subtropical climate and location on the south china sea are subject to extreme weather conditions including typhoons and heavy rainstorms. unfavorable weather conditions could negatively affect the profitability of our resorts and prevent or discourage guests from traveling to macau.
if our macau operations fail to comply with the concession agreement, the macau government can terminate our concession without compensation to us, which would have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition.
the macau government has the right to unilaterally terminate our concession in the event of our material non-compliance with the basic obligations under the concession and applicable macau laws. the concession agreement expressly provides that the government of macau may unilaterally rescind the concession agreement of our macau operations if it:
•   conducts unauthorized games or activities that are excluded from its corporate purpose;
•   suspends gaming operations in macau for more than seven consecutive days (or more than 14 days in a civil year) without justification;
•   defaults in payment of taxes, premiums, contributions or other required amounts;
•   does not comply with government inspections or supervision;
•   systematically fails to observe its obligations under the concession system;
27
•   fails to maintain bank guarantees or bonds satisfactory to the government;
•   is the subject of bankruptcy proceedings or becomes insolvent;
•   engages in serious fraudulent activity, damaging to the public interest; or
•   repeatedly violates applicable gaming laws.
if the government of macau unilaterally rescinds the concession agreement, our macau operations will be required to compensate the government in accordance with applicable law, and the areas defined as casino space under macau law and all of the gaming equipment pertaining to our gaming operations will be transferred to the government without compensation. the loss of our concession would prohibit us from conducting gaming operations in macau, which would have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition.
certain nevada gaming laws apply to our macau operations' gaming activities and associations.
certain nevada gaming laws also apply to gaming activities and associations in jurisdictions outside the state of nevada. with respect to our macau operations, we and our subsidiaries that must be licensed to conduct gaming operations in nevada are required to comply with certain reporting requirements concerning gaming activities and associations in macau conducted by our macau-related subsidiaries. we and our licensed nevada subsidiaries also will be subject to disciplinary action by the ngc if our macau-related subsidiaries:
•   knowingly violate any macau laws relating to their macau gaming operations;
•   fail to conduct our macau operations in accordance with the standards of honesty and integrity required of nevada gaming operations;
•   engage in any activity or enter into any association that is unsuitable for us because it poses an unreasonable threat to the control of gaming in nevada, reflects or tends to reflect discredit or disrepute upon the state of nevada or gaming in nevada, or is contrary to nevada gaming policies;
•   engage in any activity or enter into any association that interferes with the ability of the state of nevada to collect gaming taxes and fees; or
•   employ, contract with or associate with any person in the foreign gaming operation who has been denied a license or a finding of suitability in nevada on the ground of unsuitability, or who has been found guilty of cheating at gambling.
such disciplinary action could include suspension, conditioning, limitation or revocation of the registration, licenses or approvals held by us and our licensed nevada subsidiaries, including wynn las vegas, llc, and the imposition of substantial fines.
in addition, if the nevada gaming control board determines that any actual or intended activities or associations of our macau-related subsidiaries may be prohibited pursuant to one or more of the standards described above, the nevada gaming control board can require us and our licensed nevada subsidiaries to file an application with the ngc for a finding of suitability of the activity or association. if the ngc finds that the activity or association in macau is unsuitable or prohibited, our macau-related subsidiaries will either be required to terminate the activity or association, or will be prohibited from undertaking the activity or association. consequently, should the ngc find that our macau-related subsidiary's gaming activities or associations in macau are unsuitable, those subsidiaries may be prohibited from undertaking their planned gaming activities or associations in macau, or be required to divest their investment in macau, possibly on unfavorable terms.
we depend upon gaming promoters for a significant portion of our gaming revenue. if we are unable to maintain, or develop additional, successful relationships with reputable gaming promoters, our ability to maintain or grow our gaming revenues could be adversely affected.
we may lose the clientele of our gaming promoters, who generate a significant portion of our gaming revenue. there is intense competition among casino operators in macau for services provided by gaming promoters, which has intensified as additional casinos open in macau. if we are unable to maintain, or develop additional, successful relationships with reputable gaming promoters, or lose a significant number of our gaming promoters to our competitors, our ability to maintain or grow our gaming revenues will be adversely affected and we will have to seek alternative ways of developing relationships with vip customers. in addition, if our gaming promoters are unable to develop or maintain relationships with our vip customers, our ability to maintain or grow our gaming revenues will be hampered.
28
the financial resources of our gaming promoters may be insufficient to allow them to continue doing business in macau which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. our gaming promoters may experience difficulty in attracting patrons.
economic and political factors in the region may cause our gaming promoters to experience difficulties in their macau operations, including intensified competition in attracting patrons to come to macau. further, gaming promoters may face a decrease in liquidity, limiting their ability to grant credit to their patrons, and difficulties in collecting credit they extended previously. the inability to attract sufficient patrons, grant credit and collect amounts due in a timely manner may negatively affect our gaming promoters' operations, causing gaming promoters to wind up or liquidate their operations or resulting in some of our gaming promoters leaving macau. current and any future difficulties could have an adverse impact on our results of operations.
increased competition for the services of gaming promoters may require us to pay increased commission rates to gaming promoters.
certain gaming promoters have significant leverage and bargaining strength in negotiating operational agreements with casino operators. this leverage could result in gaming promoters negotiating changes to our operational agreements, including higher commissions, or the loss of business to a competitor or the loss of certain relationships with gaming promoters. if we need to increase our commission rates or otherwise change our practices with respect to gaming promoters due to competitive forces, our results of operations could be adversely affected.
failure by the gaming promoters with whom we work to comply with macau gaming laws and high standards of probity and integrity might affect our reputation and ability to comply with the requirements of our concession, macau gaming laws and other gaming licenses.
the reputations and probity of the gaming promoters with whom we work are important to our own reputation and to our ability to operate in compliance with our concession, macau gaming laws and other gaming licenses. we conduct periodic reviews of the probity and compliance programs of our gaming promoters. however, we are not able to control our gaming promoters' compliance with these high standards of probity and integrity, and our gaming promoters may violate provisions in their contracts with us designed to ensure such compliance. in addition, if we enter into a new business relationship with a gaming promoter whose probity is in doubt, this may be considered by regulators or investors to reflect negatively on our own probity. if our gaming promoters are unable to maintain required standards of probity and integrity, we may face consequences from gaming regulators with authority over our operations. furthermore, if any of our gaming promoters violate the macau gaming laws while on our premises, the macau government may, in its discretion, take enforcement action against us, the gaming promoter, or each concurrently, and we may be sanctioned and our reputation could be harmed.
unfavorable changes in currency exchange rates may increase our macau operations' obligations under the concession agreement and cause fluctuations in the value of our investment in macau.
the currency delineated in our macau operations' concession agreement with the government of macau is the macau pataca. the macau pataca is linked to the hong kong dollar, and the two are often used interchangeably in macau. the hong kong dollar is linked to the u.s. dollar and the exchange rate between these two currencies has remained relatively stable over the past several years. however, the exchange linkages of the hong kong dollar and the macau pataca, and the hong kong dollar and the u.s. dollar, are subject to potential changes due to changes in chinese governmental policies and international economic and political developments.
if the hong kong dollar and the macau pataca are no longer linked to the u.s. dollar, the exchange rate for these currencies may severely fluctuate. the current rate of exchange fixed by the applicable monetary authorities for these currencies may also change.
because many of our macau operations' payment and expenditure obligations are in macau patacas, in the event of unfavorable macau pataca or hong kong dollar rate changes, our macau operations' obligations, as denominated in u.s. dollars, would increase. in addition, because we expect that most of the revenues for any casino that we operate in macau will be in hong kong dollars, we are subject to foreign exchange risk with respect to the exchange rate between the hong kong dollar and the u.s. dollar. also, if any of our macau-related entities incur u.s. dollar-denominated debt, fluctuations in the exchange rates of the macau pataca or the hong kong dollar, in relation to the u.s. dollar, could have adverse effects on our results of operations, financial condition and ability to service our debt.
29
currency exchange controls and currency export restrictions could negatively impact our macau operations.
currency exchange controls and restrictions on the export of currency by certain countries may negatively impact the success of our macau operations. for example, there are currently existing currency exchange controls and restrictions on the export of the renminbi, the currency of china. restrictions on the export of the renminbi may impede the flow of gaming customers from china to macau, inhibit the growth of gaming in macau and negatively impact our macau operations.
our macau subsidiaries' indebtedness is secured by a substantial portion of their assets.
subject to applicable laws, including gaming laws, and certain agreed upon exceptions, our macau subsidiaries' debt is secured by liens on substantially all of their assets. in the event of a default by such subsidiaries under their financing documents, or if such subsidiaries experience insolvency, liquidation, dissolution or reorganization, the holders of such secured debt would first be entitled to payment from their collateral security, and only then would holders of our macau subsidiaries' unsecured debt be entitled to payment from their remaining assets.
conflicts of interest may arise because certain of our directors and officers are also directors of wynn macau, limited.
wynn macau, limited, an indirect majority owned subsidiary of wynn resorts and the developer, owner and operator of wynn macau and wynn palace, listed its ordinary shares of common stock on the stock exchange of hong kong limited in october 2009. as of december 31, 2017, wynn resorts owns approximately 72% of wynn macau, limited's ordinary shares of common stock. as a result of wynn macau, limited having stockholders who are not affiliated with us, we and certain of our officers and directors who also serve as officers and/or directors of wynn macau, limited may have conflicting fiduciary obligations to our stockholders and to the minority stockholders of wynn macau, limited. decisions that could have different implications for wynn resorts and wynn macau, limited, including contractual arrangements that we have entered into or may in the future enter into with wynn macau, limited, may give rise to the appearance of a potential conflict of interest.
the macau government has established a maximum number of gaming tables that can be operated in macau and has limited the number of new gaming tables at new gaming areas in macau.
in connection with the opening of wynn palace, the dicj authorized 100 new table games for operation at wynn palace, with 25 additional table games authorized for operation on january 1, 2017, and a further 25 new table games for operation on january 1, 2018, for a total of 150 new table games in the aggregate. in addition, we have and will continue to transfer table games between wynn macau and wynn palace, subject to the aggregate cap. as of february 15, 2018, we had a total of 316 table games at wynn macau and 323 at wynn palace. the mix of table games in operation at wynn macau and wynn palace changes from time to time as a result of marketing and operating strategies in response to changing market demand and industry competition. failure to shift the mix of our table games in anticipation of market demands and industry trends may negatively impact our operating results.
risks related to share ownership and stockholder matters our largest stockholders are able to exert significant influence over our operations and future direction.
as of december 31, 2017, mr. wynn and elaine p. wynn owned 12,131,707 shares and 9,539,077 shares, respectively, or in the aggregate approximately 21.1%, of our outstanding common stock. as a result, mr. wynn and elaine p. wynn, to the extent they vote their shares in a similar manner, may be able to exert significant influence over all matters requiring our stockholders' approval, including the approval of significant corporate transactions.
under the stockholders agreement, mr. wynn and elaine p. wynn have agreed to vote the shares of wynn resorts' common stock held by them that are subject to the terms of the stockholders agreement in a manner so as to elect to our board of directors each of the nominees contained on each and every slate of directors endorsed by mr. wynn. as a result of this voting arrangement, mr. wynn, as a practical matter, exercises significant influence over the slate of directors to be elected to wynn resorts' board of directors. in addition, with stated exceptions, the stockholders agreement requires the written consent of the other party prior to any party selling any shares of wynn resorts' common stock that it owns.
in june 2012, in connection with the pending litigation between the company and aruze, elaine p. wynn submitted a cross claim against mr. wynn and mr. okada seeking to void the stockholders agreement. the cross claim, if successful, could increase the possibility of a change in control under the wynn las vegas, llc debt documents. on february 12, 2018, counsel for mr. wynn advised the court hearing this matter that mr. wynn now agrees that the stockholders agreement no longer binds either mr. wynn or elaine p. wynn. there can be no assurance that the court will concur with the position now taken by
30
mr. wynn, or that the stockholders agreement will in fact be deemed to no longer bind the parties thereto. for additional information on the cross claim, see item 8-"financial statements and supplementary data," note 14, "commitments and contingencies."
in november 2006, the board of directors of wynn resorts approved an amendment of its bylaws that exempts future acquisitions of shares of wynn resorts' common stock by either mr. wynn or aruze from nevada's acquisition of controlling interest statutes. in light of the determination by the board of directors on february 18, 2012 that each of the okada parties is an "unsuitable person" under the company's articles of incorporation and the redemption and cancellation of aruze's shares of company common stock, our fifth amended and restated bylaws amended these provisions to delete the reference to aruze and its affiliates. the nevada acquisition of controlling interest statutes require stockholder approval in order to exercise voting rights in connection with any acquisition of a controlling interest in certain nevada corporations unless the articles of incorporation or bylaws of the corporation in effect on the 10th day following the acquisition of a controlling interest by certain acquiring persons provide that these statutes do not apply to the corporation or to the acquisition specifically by types of existing or future stockholders. these statutes define a "controlling interest" as (i) one-fifth or more but less than one third, (ii) one-third or more but less than a majority, or (iii) a majority or more, of the voting power in the election of directors. as a result of these bylaw provisions, mr. wynn or his affiliates may acquire ownership of outstanding voting shares of wynn resorts permitting him or them to exercise more than one-third but less than a majority, or a majority or more, of all of the voting power of the company in the election of directors, without requiring a resolution of the company's stockholders granting voting rights in the control shares acquired.
our stock price may be volatile.
the trading price of our common stock has been and may continue to be subject to wide fluctuations. our stock price may fluctuate in response to a number of events and factors, such as general united states, china, and world economic and financial conditions, our own quarterly variations in operating results, increased competition, changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts, changes in applicable laws or regulations, and changes affecting the travel industry, and other events impacting our business. the stock market in general, and prices for companies in our industry in particular, has experienced extreme volatility that may be unrelated to the operating performance of a particular company. these broad market and industry fluctuations may adversely affect the price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance.
risks related to our indebtedness we are highly leveraged and future cash flow may not be sufficient for us to meet our obligations, and we might have difficulty obtaining more financing.
we have a substantial amount of consolidated debt in relation to our equity. as of december 31, 2017, we had total outstanding debt of approximately $9.63 billion, which includes a portion of the funds we expect to need for the development and construction of our current projects. we may, however, incur additional indebtedness in connection with the construction of these projects. see item 1-business "construction and development opportunities." in addition, we are permitted to incur additional indebtedness if certain conditions are met, including conditions under our wynn macau credit facilities, our wynn america credit facilities and our wynn las vegas, llc indentures in connection with other future potential development plans. on february 18, 2012, we issued a redemption note with a principal amount of approximately $1.94 billion in redemption of all of the shares of wynn resorts common stock held by aruze. as of december 31, 2017, the fair value of the redemption note was $1.88 billion. for additional information on the redemption and the redemption note, see item 8-"financial statements and supplementary data," note 14, "commitments and contingencies."
our indebtedness could have important consequences. for example:
•   failure to meet our payment obligations or other obligations could result in acceleration of our indebtedness, foreclosure upon our assets that serve as collateral or bankruptcy and trigger cross defaults under other agreements;
•   servicing our indebtedness requires a substantial portion of our cash flow from the operations of our las vegas and macau operations and reduces the amount of available cash, if any, to fund working capital and other cash requirements or pay for other capital expenditures;
•   the okada parties have challenged the redemption of aruze's shares and we are currently involved in litigation with those parties as well as related stockholder derivative litigation. the outcome of these various proceedings cannot be predicted. any adverse judgments or settlements involving payment of a material sum of money could cause a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations and could expose us to additional claims by third parties including current or former investors or regulators. any
31
adverse judgments or settlements would reduce our profits and could limit our ability to operate our business. see item 8-"financial statements and supplementary data," note 14, "commitments and contingencies";
•   we may not be able to obtain additional financing, if needed; and
•   rates with respect to a portion of the interest we pay will fluctuate with market rates and, accordingly, our interest expense will increase if market interest rates increase.
under the terms of the documents governing our debt facilities, subject to certain limitations, we are permitted to incur indebtedness. if we incur additional indebtedness, the risks described above will be exacerbated.
the agreements governing our debt facilities contain certain covenants that restrict our ability to engage in certain transactions and may impair our ability to respond to changing business and economic conditions.
some of our debt facilities require us to satisfy various financial covenants, which include requirements for minimum interest coverage ratios and leverage ratios pertaining to total debt to earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization and a minimum earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization. for more information on financial covenants we are subject to under our debt facilities, see item 8-"financial statements and supplementary data," note 7, "long-term debt." future indebtedness or other contracts could contain covenants more restrictive than those contained in our existing debt facilities.
the agreements governing our debt facilities also contain restrictions on our ability to engage in certain transactions and may limit our ability to respond to changing business and economic conditions. these restrictions include, among other things, limitations on our ability and the ability of our restricted subsidiaries to:
•   pay dividends or distributions or repurchase equity;
•   incur additional debt;
•   make investments;
•   create liens on assets to secure debt;
•   enter into transactions with affiliates;
•   issue stock of, or member's interests in, subsidiaries;
•   enter into sale-leaseback transactions;
•   engage in other businesses;
•   merge or consolidate with another company;
•   undergo a change of control;
•   transfer, sell or otherwise dispose of assets;
•   issue disqualified stock;
•   create dividend and other payment restrictions affecting subsidiaries; and
•   designate restricted and unrestricted subsidiaries.
our ability to comply with the terms of our outstanding facilities may be affected by general economic conditions, industry conditions and other events outside of our control. as a result, we may not be able to maintain compliance with these covenants. if our properties' operations fail to generate adequate cash flow, we may violate those covenants, causing a default under our agreements, which would materially and adversely affect our operating results and our financial condition or result in our lenders or holders of our debt taking action to enforce their security interests in our various assets or cause all outstanding amounts to be due and payable immediately.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by, the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
overview we are a developer, owner and operator of destination casino resorts (integrated resorts). in macau, we own approximately 72% of wml, which includes the operations of the wynn macau and wynn palace resorts. in las vegas, nevada, we operate and, with the exception of certain retail space, own 100% of wynn las vegas. we are currently constructing wynn boston harbor, an integrated casino resort in everett, massachusetts.
macau operations wynn macau features two luxury hotel towers with a total of 1,008 guest rooms and suites, approximately 273,000 square feet of casino space, eight food and beverage outlets, approximately 31,000 square feet of meeting and convention space, approximately 59,000 square feet of retail space, a rotunda show and recreation and leisure facilities.
on august 22, 2016, we opened wynn palace, an integrated resort in the cotai area of macau. wynn palace features a luxury hotel tower with 1,706 guest rooms, suites and villas, approximately 420,000 square feet of casino space, 11 food and beverage outlets, approximately 37,000 square feet of meeting and convention space, approximately 106,000 square feet of retail space, public attractions, including a performance lake and floral art displays, and recreation and leisure facilities.
las vegas operations wynn las vegas features two luxury hotel towers with a total of 4,748 guest rooms, suites and villas, approximately 192,000 square feet of casino space, 33 food and beverage outlets, approximately 290,000 square feet of meeting and convention space, approximately 110,000 square feet of retail space (of which 103,000 square feet is owned and operated under a joint venture arrangement of which we own 50.1%), as well as two theaters, three nightclubs, a beach club, and recreation and leisure facilities.
in december 2016, we entered into the retail joint venture with crown to own and operate approximately 88,000 square feet of existing retail space. in november 2017, we contributed approximately 74,000 square feet of additional retail space to the retail joint venture, the majority of which is currently under construction at wynn las vegas. we expect to open the additional retail space in the second half of 2018. for more information on the retail joint venture, see item 8-"financial statements and supplementary data," note 3, "retail joint venture."
development projects we are currently constructing wynn boston harbor, an integrated resort in everett, massachusetts, adjacent to boston along the mystic river. the resort will contain a hotel, a waterfront boardwalk, meeting and convention space, casino space, a spa, retail offerings and food and beverage outlets. the total project budget, including gaming license fees, construction costs, capitalized interest, pre-opening expenses and land costs, is estimated to be approximately $2.5 billion. as of december 31, 2017, we have incurred approximately $1.13 billion in total project costs. we expect to open wynn boston harbor in mid-2019.
we have begun site preparation and pre-construction activities for the redevelopment of the land previously occupied by the wynn las vegas golf course, which we closed in the fourth quarter of 2017. phase 1 of the project is expected to include a lagoon and additional meeting and convention space. based on current designs, we estimate the total project budget for phase 1 to be approximately $500 million and we expect to open phase 1 in the first half of 2020.
we continually seek out new opportunities for additional gaming or related businesses, in the united states, and worldwide.
key operating measures certain key operating measures specific to the gaming industry are included in our discussion of our operational performance for the periods for which the consolidated statements of income are presented. below are definitions of these key operating measures discussed:
37
•   table drop for our macau operations is the amount of cash that is deposited in a gaming table's drop box plus cash chips purchased at the casino cage.
•   table drop for our las vegas operations is the amount of cash and net markers issued that are deposited in a gaming table's drop box.
•   rolling chips are identifiable chips that are used to track turnover for purposes of calculating incentives.
•   turnover is the sum of all losing rolling chip wagers within our macau operations' vip program.
•   table games win is the amount of table drop or turnover that is retained and recorded as casino revenues.
•   slot machine win is the amount of handle (representing the total amount wagered) that is retained by us and is recorded as casino revenues.
•   average daily rate ("adr") is calculated by dividing total room revenues, including the retail value of promotional allowances (less service charges, if any), by total rooms occupied, including complimentary rooms.
•   revenue per available room ("revpar") is calculated by dividing total room revenues, including the retail value of promotional allowances (less service charges, if any), by total rooms available.
•   occupancy is calculated by dividing total occupied rooms, including complimentary rooms, by the total rooms available.
below is a discussion of the methodologies used to calculate win percentages at our resorts.
in our vip operations in macau, customers primarily purchase rolling chips from the casino cage and can only use them to make wagers. winning wagers are paid in cash chips. the loss of the rolling chips in the vip operations is recorded as turnover and provides a base for calculating vip win percentage. it is customary in macau to measure vip play using this rolling chip method. we expect our win as a percentage of turnover from these operations to be within the range of 2.7% to 3.0%. in our mass market operations in macau, customers may purchase cash chips at either the gaming tables or at the casino cage.
the measurements from our vip and mass market operations are not comparable as the measurement method used in our mass market operations tracks the initial purchase of chips at the table and at the casino cage, while the measurement method from our vip operations tracks the sum of all losing wagers. accordingly, the base measurement from the vip operations is much larger than the base measurement from the mass market operations. as a result, the expected win percentage with the same amount of gaming win is smaller in the vip operations when compared to the mass market operations.
in las vegas, customers purchase chips at the gaming tables. the cash and net markers used to purchase chips are deposited in the gaming table's drop box. this is the base of measurement that we use for calculating win percentage in las vegas. each type of table game has its own theoretical win percentage. our expected table games win percentage in las vegas is 21% to 25%.
results of operations summary annual results the following table summarizes our financial results for the periods presented (in thousands, except per share data).
years ended december 31,
2017                                                                                       2016                      2015
net revenues                                          $6,306,368                $4,466,297                $4,075,883
net income attributable to wynn resorts, limited         747,181                   241,975                   195,290
diluted net income per share                                7.28                      2.38                      1.92
adjusted property ebitda                               1,810,732                 1,259,327                 1,185,789
during the year ended december 31, 2017, our net income attributable to wynn resorts, limited was $747.2 million, or $7.28 per diluted share, an increase of 208.8%, or $505.2 million, compared to $242.0 million, or $2.38 per diluted share, for the same period of 2016. the increase in net income attributable to wynn resorts, limited was primarily the result of the provisional income tax benefit from u.s. tax reform and increases in operating income from wynn palace, wynn macau and our las vegas operations, partially offset by increases in the redemption note fair value and interest expense as we are no longer capitalizing interest on wynn palace. wynn palace opened on august 22, 2016, with our results for the year ended december 31, 2016 including 132 days of operations.
38
adjusted property ebitda was $1.81 billion for the year ended december 31, 2017, an increase of 43.8%, or $551.4 million, from $1.26 billion for the same period of 2016. the increase in adjusted property ebitda was the result of increases of $424.5 million, $79.2 million, and $47.7 million from wynn palace, wynn macau and our las vegas operations, respectively.
during the year ended december 31, 2016, our net income attributable to wynn resorts, limited was $242.0 million, or $2.38 per diluted share, an increase of 23.9%, or $46.7 million, compared to $195.3 million, or $1.92 per diluted share, for the same period of 2015. the increase in net income attributable to wynn resorts, limited was primarily due to a loss on extinguishment of debt in 2015 that was not experienced in 2016.
adjusted property ebitda was $1.26 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016, an increase of 6.2%, or $73.5 million, from $1.19 billion for the same period of 2015. the increase in adjusted property ebitda was primarily due to the new operations associated with the opening of wynn palace, partially offset by a decrease of 3.8% from wynn macau driven by a decrease in business volumes.
financial results for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the year ended december 31, 2016.
net revenues the following table presents net revenues from our macau and las vegas operations (dollars in thousands):
years ended december 31,
2017                                           2016                             percentchange net revenues macau operations:
wynn macau                  $2,485,804                  $2,264,087                        9.8
wynn palace (1)              2,139,154                     583,336                      266.7
total macau operations       4,624,958                   2,847,423                       62.4
las vegas operations         1,681,410                   1,618,874                        3.9
$6,306,368                  $4,466,297                       41.2
(1) wynn palace opened on august 22, 2016.
net revenues increased 41.2%, or $1.84 billion, to $6.31 billion for the year ended december 31, 2017, from $4.47 billion for the same period of 2016. the increase was the result of increases of $1.56 billion, $221.7 million and $62.5 million from wynn palace, wynn macau and our las vegas operations, respectively.
non-casino revenues consist of operating revenues from rooms, food and beverage, entertainment, retail and other, less promotional allowances. the following table presents net revenues from our casino revenues and non-casino revenues (dollars in thousands):
years ended december 31,
2017                                        2016                             percentchange net revenues casino revenues          $4,948,319                  $3,268,141                       51.4
non-casino revenues       1,358,049                   1,198,156                       13.3
$6,306,368                  $4,466,297                       41.2
39
casino revenues were 78.5% of total net revenues for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to 73.2% for the same period of 2016, while non-casino revenues were 21.5% of total net revenues, compared to 26.8% for the same period of 2016.
casino revenues casino revenues increased 51.4%, or $1.68 billion, to $4.95 billion for the year ended december 31, 2017, from $3.27 billion for the same period of 2016. the increase was primarily due to increases of $1.45 billion, $225.0 million and $9.7 million from wynn palace, wynn macau and our las vegas operations, respectively. the increase in casino revenues from wynn macau was primarily driven by a 23.9% increase in vip turnover.
prior to the opening of wynn palace, the gaming inspection and coordination bureau of macau authorized 100 new table games for operation at wynn palace with 25 additional table games authorized for operation on january 1, 2017, and a further 25 new table games for operation on january 1, 2018, for a total of 150 new table games in the aggregate. in addition, we have and will continue to transfer table games between wynn macau and wynn palace, subject to the aggregate cap, to optimize our casino operations. as of february 15, 2018, we had a total of 316 table games at wynn macau and 323 at wynn palace.
40
the table below sets forth our casino revenues and associated key operating measures for our macau and las vegas operations (dollars in thousands, except for win per unit per day).
years ended december 31,
2017                                                                           2016                 increase/            percent
(decrease)             change macau operations:
wynn macau:
total casino revenues                  $2,360,221                  $2,135,193                  $225,028               10.5
vip:
average number of table games                  96                         149                       (53     )        (35.6     )
vip turnover                          $58,303,836                 $47,048,754               $11,255,082               23.9
table games win                        $1,907,625                  $1,547,261                  $360,364               23.3
vip win as a % of turnover                   3.27     %                  3.29     %               (0.02     )
table games win per unit per day          $54,726                     $28,332                   $26,394               93.2
mass market:
average number of table games                 204                         216                       (12     )         (5.6     )
table drop                             $4,525,727                  $4,585,476                  $(59,749     )         (1.3     )
table games win                          $880,964                    $881,797                     $(833     )         (0.1     )
table games win %                            19.5     %                  19.2     %                 0.3
table games win per unit per day          $11,820                     $11,131                      $689                6.2
average number of slot machines               914                         802                       112               14.0
slot machine handle                    $3,526,747                  $3,386,973                  $139,774                4.1
slot machine win                         $154,425                    $145,680                    $8,745                6.0
slot machine win per unit per day            $463                        $497                      $(34     )         (6.8     )
wynn palace (1):
total casino revenues                  $1,965,362                    $519,877                $1,445,485              278.0
vip:
average number of table games                 104                          81                        23               28.4
vip turnover                          $52,573,258                 $14,480,023               $38,093,235              263.1
table games win                        $1,486,674                    $396,954                $1,089,720              274.5
vip win as a % of turnover                   2.83     %                  2.74     %                0.09
table games win per unit per day          $39,325                     $37,009                    $2,316                6.3
mass market:
average number of table games                 202                         245                       (43     )        (17.6     )
table drop                             $3,490,363                  $1,000,881                $2,489,482              248.7
table games win                          $795,159                    $211,146                  $584,013              276.6
table games win %                            22.8     %                  21.1     %                 1.7
table games win per unit per day          $10,759                      $6,527                    $4,232               64.8
average number of slot machines             1,026                         962                        64                6.7
slot machine handle                    $3,053,614                    $738,907                $2,314,707              313.3
slot machine win                         $165,754                     $40,664                  $125,090              307.6
slot machine win per unit per day            $443                        $320                      $123               38.4
(1) wynn palace opened on august 22, 2016.
41
years ended december 31,
2017                                                                           2016               increase/          percent
(decrease)           change las vegas operations:
total casino revenues                    $622,736                    $613,071                  $9,665              1.6
average number of table games                 236                         235                       1              0.4
table drop                             $1,804,988                  $1,838,479                $(33,491     )       (1.8     )
table games win                          $465,664                    $465,041                    $623              0.1
table games win %                            25.8     %                  25.3     %               0.5
table games win per unit per day           $5,415                      $5,406                      $9              0.2
average number of slot machines             1,856                       1,893                     (37     )       (2.0     )
slot machine handle                    $3,183,369                  $3,148,610                 $34,759              1.1
slot machine win                         $218,897                    $208,024                 $10,873              5.2
slot machine win per unit per day            $323                        $300                     $23              7.7
non-casino revenues non-casino revenues increased 13.3%, or $159.9 million, to $1.36 billion for the year ended december 31, 2017, from $1.20 billion for the same period of 2016, primarily due to the increases of $110.3 million and $52.9 million from wynn palace and our las vegas operations, respectively, partially offset by a decrease of $3.3 million from wynn macau.
room revenues increased 16.7%, or $100.9 million, to $704.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, from $603.3 million for the same period of 2016, primarily due to increases of $92.1 million and $19.4 million from wynn palace and our las vegas operations, respectively, partially offset by a decrease of $10.6 million from wynn macau. the increase experienced by our las vegas operations was driven by an adr increase of 3.0% and a 1.6 percentage point increase in occupancy, while the decrease from wynn macau was a result of an adr decline of 12.3%, partially offset by a 3.1 percentage point increase in occupancy.
the table below sets forth our room revenues and associated key operating measures for our macau and las vegas operations.
years ended december 31,
2017                                                                                2016              percent change (1)
macau operations:
wynn macau:
total room revenues (dollars in thousands)      $101,242                  $111,817               (9.5       )
occupancy                                           97.5     %                94.4     %          3.1
adr                                                 $257                      $293              (12.3       )
revpar                                              $251                      $277               (9.4       )
wynn palace (2):
total room revenues (dollars in thousands)      $146,980                   $54,843              168.0
occupancy                                           96.2     %                83.2     %         13.0
adr                                                 $237                      $276              (14.1       )
revpar                                              $227                      $230               (1.3       )
las vegas operations:
total room revenues (dollars in thousands)      $455,980                  $436,613                4.4
occupancy                                           86.9     %                85.3     %          1.6
adr                                                 $305                      $296                3.0
revpar                                              $265                      $252                5.2
(1)    except occupancy, which is presented as a percentage point change.
(2)    wynn palace opened on august 22, 2016.
42
food and beverage revenues increased 14.9%, or $89.4 million, to $690.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, from $601.5 million for the same period of 2016, primarily due to increases of $60.4 million and $32.0 million from wynn palace and our las vegas operations, respectively, partially offset by a decrease of $3.1 million from wynn macau, respectively. the increase from our las vegas operations was primarily driven by an increase in revenues at our nightclubs.
entertainment, retail and other increased 16.9%, or $61.4 million, to $424.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, from $363.4 million for the same period of 2016, primarily due to $62.8 million from wynn palace.
promotional allowances increased 24.8%, or $91.8 million, to $461.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, from $370.1 million for the same period of 2016. the increase was primarily due to an increase of $105.0 million from wynn palace, partially offset by decreases of $8.0 million and $5.2 million from wynn macau and our las vegas operations, respectively. the decreases from wynn macau and our las vegas operations were primarily a result of a greater percentage of cash-paying guests in our rooms and food and beverage outlets.
operating expenses operating expenses increased 33.1%, or $1.31 billion, to $5.25 billion for the year ended december 31, 2017, from $3.94 billion for the same period of 2016, primarily due to increases in casino expenses of $1.12 billion, depreciation and amortization of $147.6 million and general and administrative expenses of $137.3 million, partially offset by a decrease of $128.0 million in pre-opening expenses, all primarily related to the opening of wynn palace.
casino expenses increased 53.8%, or $1.12 billion, to $3.20 billion for the year ended december 31, 2017, from $2.08 billion for the same period of 2016, primarily due to increases of $975.1 million and $150.1 million from wynn palace and wynn macau, respectively. the increase at wynn macau was driven by gaming taxes, which increased commensurate with the 10.5% increase in casino revenues.
room expenses increased 12.4%, or $19.6 million, to $177.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, from $157.9 million for the same period of 2016. the increase was primarily due to increases of $10.5 million and $9.7 million from our las vegas operations and wynn palace, respectively, mainly attributable to expenses associated with the increase in occupancy and an increase in labor costs.
food and beverage expenses increased 9.5%, or $35.6 million, to $410.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, from $375.2 million for the same period of 2016, primarily due to increases of $23.7 million and $16.8 million from wynn palace and our las vegas operations, respectively. the increase from our las vegas operations was primarily driven by increased labor costs.
entertainment, retail and other expenses increased 10.0%, or $16.2 million, to $177.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, from $161.1 million for the same period of 2016, primarily related to wynn palace.
general and administrative expenses increased 25.1%, or $137.3 million, to $685.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, from $548.1 million for the same period of 2016, primarily related to wynn palace.
provision for doubtful accounts was a benefit of $6.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to an expense of $8.2 million for the same period of 2016. the change was due to the collection of certain casino accounts receivable that resulted in the reversal of previously recorded allowance for doubtful accounts.
pre-opening expenses were $26.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to $154.7 million for the same period of 2016. during the year ended december 31, 2017, we incurred pre-opening expenses of $25.9 million related to wynn boston harbor and $0.2 million related to our las vegas operations. during the year ended december 31, 2016, we incurred $129.8 million related to wynn palace, $22.7 million related to wynn boston harbor, and $2.3 million related to our las vegas operations.
depreciation and amortization increased 36.5%, or $147.6 million, to $552.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, from $404.7 million for the same period of 2016. the increase was primarily due to the opening of wynn palace with the associated building and furniture, fixtures and equipment being placed in service.
property charges and other was $29.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to $54.8 million for the same period of 2016. during the year ended december 31, 2017, we incurred $12.6 million and $6.7 million at wynn palace
43
and wynn macau, respectively, primarily due to abandonment charges and asset retirements associated with various renovation projects and estimated costs related to property damage caused by a typhoon that impacted macau. in addition, we incurred $10.6 million in charges from our las vegas operations primarily related to miscellaneous renovations. during the year ended december 31, 2016, we incurred a $15.5 million exit fee for the right to procure energy for our las vegas operations from the wholesale energy markets instead of from the local public electric utility, $14.1 million for the write-down of the carrying value to the purchase price of an aircraft we sold in january 2017, $10.1 million in abandonment charges related to current construction of additional retail space at our las vegas operations and $5.5 million for the write-off of show production costs due to the closing of steve wynn's showstoppers in december 2016.
interest expense, net of capitalized interest the following table summarizes information related to interest expense (dollars in thousands):
years ended december 31,
2017                                                                                                                                              2016          percentchange interest expense interest cost, including amortization of debt issuance costs and original issue discount and premium        $407,098                    $383,497                 6.2
capitalized interest                                                                                         (18,434     )               (94,132     )         (80.4        )
$388,664                    $289,365                34.3
weighted average total debt balance                                                                      $10,031,005                  $9,564,845
weighted average interest rate                                                                                  4.06     %                  4.00     %
interest cost increased $23.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to the same period of 2016, primarily due to an increase in our weighted average total debt balance from borrowings under the wynn america credit facilities. capitalized interest decreased $75.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to the same period of 2016, primarily due to the completion of wynn palace construction activities in august 2016 and a $25.6 million out-of-period adjustment recorded in the first quarter of 2016. during the first quarter of 2016, we corrected immaterial amounts of additional interest that should have been capitalized instead of being expensed during the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014.
other non-operating income and expenses we incurred a loss of $59.7 million and a gain of $65.0 million for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, from the change in fair value of the redemption note. the change in fair value was a result of changes in certain variables used to calculate the estimated fair value. for further information on the fair value of the redemption note, see item 8-"financial statements and supplementary data," note 2, "summary of significant accounting policies."
we incurred a loss of $55.4 million on the extinguishment of debt for the year ended december 31, 2017. during the year ended december 31, 2017, we completed a cash tender offer and subsequent redemption of our 5 3/8% first mortgage notes due 2022 (the "2022 notes") and issued our 5 1/4% senior notes due 2027 (the "2027 wlv notes"). we also completed a cash tender offer and subsequent redemption of our 5 1/4% senior notes ("2021 notes") and issued our 4 7/8% senior notes due 2024 (the "2024 wml notes") and 5 1/2% senior notes due 2027 (the "2027 wml notes"), together (the "wml notes"). we recorded losses on extinguishment of debt of $20.8 million in connection with the 2022 notes and 2027 wlv notes transactions and $33.1 million in connection with the wml notes transactions. additionally, in connection with an amendment of our wynn america credit facilities, we recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt of $1.5 million. we incurred no losses from the extinguishment of debt for the year ended december 31, 2016.
interest income was $31.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to $13.5 million for the same period of 2016. during the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, our short-term investment strategy was to preserve capital while retaining sufficient liquidity. the majority of our short-term investment amounts were in time deposits, fixed deposits and money market accounts with maturities of three months or less.
we incurred losses of $21.7 million and $0.7 million for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, from foreign currency remeasurements. the losses were primarily due to the impact of the exchange rate fluctuation of the macau
44
pataca, in relation to the u.s. dollar, on the remeasurements of u.s. dollar denominated debt and other obligations from our macau-related entities.
income taxes for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, we recorded a tax benefit of $329.0 million and a tax expense of $8.1 million, respectively. our income tax benefit for the year ended december 31, 2017 primarily relates to a provisional tax benefit of $339.9 million resulting from the impact of u.s. tax reform on the company's deferred taxes. our income tax expense for the year ended december 31, 2016 primarily related to an increase in our deferred tax liabilities.
wynn macau sa received a five-year exemption from the macau complementary tax on casino gaming profits through december 31, 2020. for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, we were exempt from the payment of $63.0 million and $27.3 million, respectively, in such taxes. our non-gaming profits remain subject to the macau complementary tax and casino winnings remain subject to the macau special gaming tax and other levies together totaling 39% in accordance with our concession agreement.
in august 2016, wynn macau sa received an extension of its agreement with the macau government that provides for an annual payment of 12.8 million macau patacas (approximately $1.6 million) as complementary tax due by stockholders on dividend distributions. this agreement on dividends is effective through december 31, 2020.
we have participated in the internal revenue service ("irs") compliance assurance program ("cap") for the 2012 through 2017 tax years and will continue to participate in the irs cap for the 2018 tax year. in february 2017 and 2018, the irs completed an examination of our 2015 and 2016 u.s. tax return, respectively, and had no changes.
in march 2017, the financial services bureau commenced an examination of the 2013 and 2014 macau income tax returns of wynn macau sa. as of december 31, 2017, based upon the current status of the examination, we believe no changes to the unrecognized tax benefits are required.
in july 2017, the financial services bureau commenced an examination of the 2013 and 2014 macau income tax returns of palo real estate company limited ("palo"), a subsidiary of wynn macau sa. in february 2018, the financial services bureau concluded its examination with no changes.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests net income attributable to noncontrolling interests was $142.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to $60.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2016. these amounts are primarily related to the noncontrolling interests' share of net income from wml.
financial results for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015.
net revenues the following table presents net revenues from our macau and las vegas operations (dollars in thousands):
years ended december 31,
2016                                           2015                                percent change net revenues macau operations:
wynn macau                  $2,264,087                  $2,463,092              (8.1     )
wynn palace (1)                583,336                           -                 -
total macau operations       2,847,423                   2,463,092              15.6
las vegas operations         1,618,874                   1,612,791               0.4
$4,466,297                  $4,075,883               9.6
(1) wynn palace opened on august 22, 2016.
net revenues increased 9.6%, or $390.4 million, to $4.47 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016, from $4.08 billion for the same period of 2015. the increase was primarily due to $583.3 million from wynn palace and an increase of $6.1 million from our las vegas operations, partially offset by a decrease of $199.0 million from wynn macau.
45
the following table presents net revenues from our casino revenues and non-casino revenues (dollars in thousands):
years ended december 31,
2016                                        2015                             percent change net revenues casino revenues          $3,268,141                  $2,932,419                 11.4
non-casino revenues       1,198,156                   1,143,464                  4.8
$4,466,297                  $4,075,883                  9.6
casino revenues were 73.2% of total net revenues for the year ended december 31, 2016, compared to 71.9% of total net revenues for the same period of 2015, while non-casino revenues were 26.8% of total net revenues, compared to 28.1% for the same period of 2015.
casino revenues casino revenues increased 11.4%, or $335.7 million, to $3.27 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016, from $2.93 billion in the same period of 2015. the increase was primarily due to casino revenues of $519.9 million from wynn palace, partially offset by a $177.7 million decrease from wynn macau. the decline in casino revenues from wynn macau was driven by a decrease in business volumes from both our vip and mass market operations, with decreases in vip turnover of 18.8%, table drop of 5.6% and slot handle of 14.5%. the business volume decrease for wynn macau was primarily driven by the impact from the economic and political conditions in macau and china, as well as from resort openings in the cotai area of macau, including wynn palace. we experienced a vip win as a percentage of turnover of 3.29% for the year ended december 31, 2016, compared to 2.87% for the same period of 2015, which partially offset the business volume decrease in our vip operations.
prior to the opening of wynn palace, the gaming inspection and coordination bureau of macau authorized 100 new table games for operation at wynn palace with 25 additional table games authorized for operation on january 1, 2017, and a further 25 new table games for operation on january 1, 2018, for a total of 150 new table games in the aggregate. in addition, we have and will continue to transfer table games between wynn macau and wynn palace, subject to the aggregate cap, to optimize our casino operations.
46
the table below sets forth our casino revenues and associated key operating measures for our macau and las vegas operations (dollars in thousands, except for win per unit per day).
years ended december 31,
2016                                                                           2015                   increase/        percent
(decrease)        change macau operations:
wynn macau:
total casino revenues                  $2,135,193               $2,312,925                      $(177,732     )        (7.7    )
vip:
average number of table games                 149                         230                         (81     )        (35.2   )
vip turnover                          $47,048,754               $57,917,060                  $(10,868,306     )        (18.8   )
table games win                        $1,547,261               $1,659,683                      $(112,422     )        (6.8    )
vip win as a % of turnover                   3.29     %                  2.87   %                    0.42
table games win per unit per day          $28,332               $19,785                            $8,547               43.2
mass market:
average number of table games                 216                         228                         (12     )        (5.3    )
table drop                             $4,585,476               $4,857,804                      $(272,328     )        (5.6    )
table games win                          $881,797               $951,458                         $(69,661     )        (7.3    )
table games win %                            19.2     %                  19.6   %                    (0.4     )
table games win per unit per day          $11,131               $11,431                             $(300     )        (2.6    )
average number of slot machines               802                         708                          94               13.3
slot machine handle                    $3,386,973               $3,961,115                      $(574,142     )        (14.5   )
slot machine win                         $145,680               $191,164                         $(45,484     )        (23.8   )
slot machine win per unit per day            $497               $740                                $(243     )        (32.8   )
wynn palace (1):
total casino revenues                    $519,877               $-                               $519,877              -
vip:
average number of table games                  81               -                                      81              -
vip turnover                          $14,480,023               $-                            $14,480,023              -
table games win                          $396,954               $-                               $396,954              -
vip win as a % of turnover                   2.74     %         -               %                    2.74
table games win per unit per day          $37,009               $-                                $37,009              -
mass market:
average number of table games                 245               -                                     245              -
table drop                             $1,000,881               $-                             $1,000,881              -
table games win                          $211,146               $-                               $211,146              -
table games win %                            21.1     %         -               %                    21.1
table games win per unit per day           $6,527               $-                                 $6,527              -
average number of slot machines               962               -                                     962              -
slot machine handle                      $738,907               $-                               $738,907              -
slot machine win                          $40,664               $-                                $40,664              -
slot machine win per unit per day            $320               $-                                   $320              -
(1) wynn palace opened on august 22, 2016.
47
years ended december 31,
2016                                                                           2015       increase/                   percent
(decrease)                   change las vegas operations:
total casino revenues                    $613,071                    $619,494             $(6,423       )          (1.0   )
average number of table games                 235                         232                       3               1.3
table drop                             $1,838,479                  $2,060,189             $(221,710     )         (10.8   )
table games win                          $465,041                    $490,920             $(25,879      )          (5.3   )
table games win %                            25.3     %                  23.8     %               1.5
table games win per unit per day           $5,406                      $5,786             $(380         )          (6.6   )
average number of slot machines             1,893                       1,866                      27               1.4
slot machine handle                    $3,148,610                  $2,969,327             $179,283                  6.0
slot machine win                         $208,024                    $206,626             $1,398                    0.7
slot machine win per unit per day            $300                        $303             $(3           )          (1.0   )
non-casino revenues non-casino revenues increased 4.8%, or $54.7 million, to $1.20 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016, from $1.14 billion for the same period of 2015, primarily due to the opening of wynn palace during the third quarter of 2016 and an increase of 5.7% in room revenue from our las vegas operations, partially offset by a 14.4% decrease in non-casino revenues at wynn macau.
room revenues increased 12.0%, or $64.8 million, to $603.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, from $538.5 million for the same period of 2015, primarily due to $54.8 million from wynn palace and an increase of $23.5 million from our las vegas operations, partially offset by a decrease of $13.5 million from wynn macau. the increase experienced by our las vegas operations was driven by an adr increase of 3.9% while the decrease from wynn macau was the result of an adr decline of 9.3% and a 2.1 percentage point decrease in occupancy.
48
the table below sets forth our room revenues and associated key operating measures for our macau and las vegas operations.
years ended december 31,
2016                                                                                2015             percent change (1)
macau operations:
wynn macau:
total room revenues (dollars in thousands)      $111,817                  $125,348             (10.8       )
occupancy                                           94.4     %                96.5     %        (2.1       )
adr                                                 $293                      $323              (9.3       )
revpar                                              $277                      $312             (11.2       )
wynn palace (2):
total room revenues (dollars in thousands)       $54,843                        $-                 -
occupancy                                           83.2     %                   -     %           -
adr                                                 $276                        $-                 -
revpar                                              $230                        $-                 -
las vegas operations:
total room revenues (dollars in thousands)      $436,613                  $413,152               5.7
occupancy                                           85.3     %                85.2     %         0.1
adr                                                 $296                      $285               3.9
revpar                                              $252                      $243               3.7
(1)    except occupancy, which is presented as a percentage point change.
(2)    wynn palace opened on august 22, 2016.
food and beverage revenues increased 0.7%, or $4.4 million, to $601.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, from $597.1 million for the same period of 2015, primarily due to $27.1 million from wynn palace, partially offset by decreases of $12.0 million and $10.7 million from our las vegas operations and wynn macau, respectively. the decrease at our las vegas operations was primarily due to a decline in revenues at our nightclubs and the decrease from wynn macau was mainly from a decline in revenues at our restaurants.
entertainment, retail and other increased 3.7%, or $12.8 million, to $363.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, from $350.6 million for the same period of 2015, primarily due to $38.0 million from wynn palace, partially offset by a $19.3 million decrease in revenue from retail shops at wynn macau.
promotional allowances increased 8.0%, or $27.3 million, to $370.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, from $342.7 million for the same period of 2015. as a percentage of total casino revenues, promotional allowances were 11.3% for the year ended december 31, 2016, compared to 11.7% for the same period of 2015.
operating expenses operating expenses increased 15.4%, or $527.6 million, to $3.94 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016, from $3.42 billion for the same period of 2015, driven primarily by increases in casino expenses of $217.1 million, general and administrative expenses of $83.3 million, depreciation and amortization of $82.1 million and pre-opening expenses of $77.1 million, all primarily due to the opening of wynn palace.
casino expenses increased 11.7%, or $217.1 million, to $2.08 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016, from $1.86 billion for the same period of 2015. the increase was commensurate with the 11.4% increase in casino revenues.
room expenses increased 6.0%, or $8.9 million, to $157.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, from $149.0 million for the same period of 2015. the increase was primarily due to $16.4 million from wynn palace and a $4.3 million increase from our las vegas operations, partially offset by an $11.6 million decrease from wynn macau.
food and beverage expenses increased 3.9%, or $14.0 million, to $375.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, from $361.2 million for the same period of 2015, primarily related to wynn palace.
49
entertainment, retail and other expenses increased 2.4%, or $3.7 million, to $161.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, from $157.4 million in the same period of 2015. the increase was primarily due to $8.9 million from wynn palace, partially offset by a decrease of $4.8 million from wynn macau.
general and administrative expenses increased 17.9%, or $83.3 million, to $548.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, from $464.8 million in the same period of 2015. the increase was primarily due to $73.9 million from wynn palace, as well as increases in general and administrative expenses from our las vegas operations and corporate related expenses.
provision for doubtful accounts decreased 26.2%, or $2.9 million, to $8.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, from $11.1 million for the same period of 2015. the change in the provision was primarily due to increased collections of certain casino accounts receivable at wynn macau.
pre-opening expenses were $154.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, compared to $77.6 million for the same period of 2015. during the year ended december 31, 2016, we incurred pre-opening expenses of $129.8 million related to wynn palace, $22.7 million related to wynn boston harbor and $2.3 million related to our las vegas operations. during the year ended december 31, 2015 we incurred pre-opening expenses of $55.1 million and $22.6 million related to wynn palace and wynn boston harbor, respectively.
depreciation and amortization increased 25.4%, or $82.1 million, to $404.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, from $322.6 million for the same period of 2015. the increase was attributable to $105.9 million from wynn palace, primarily from the opening and associated building and furniture, fixtures and equipment placed in service, partially offset by a decrease of $14.1 million at wynn macau. the majority of the wynn macau decrease was due to a change in estimated useful lives of buildings and improvements, which was effective september 1, 2015, to more accurately reflect the estimated periods during which these assets are expected to remain in service.
property charges and other was $54.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, compared to $10.5 million for the same period of 2015. during the year ended december 31, 2016, we incurred a $15.5 million exit fee for the right to procure energy for our las vegas operations from the wholesale energy markets instead of from the local public electric utility and $14.1 million for the write-down of the carrying value of the purchase price of an aircraft we sold in january 2017. in addition, we incurred expenses of $10.1 million in abandonment charges related to current construction of additional retail space at our las vegas operations and $5.5 million for the write-off of show production costs due to the closing of steve wynn's showstoppers in december 2016.
interest expense, net of capitalized interest the following table summarizes information related to interest expense (dollars in thousands):
years ended december 31,
2016                                                                                                                                              2015          percentchange interest expense interest cost, including amortization of debt issuance costs and original issue discount and premium        $383,497                    $354,233                 8.3
capitalized interest                                                                                         (94,132     )               (53,327     )          76.5
$289,365                    $300,906                (3.8        )
weighted average total debt balance                                                                       $9,564,845                  $8,214,598
weighted average interest rate                                                                                  4.00     %                  4.30     %
interest cost increased $29.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, compared to the same period of 2015, primarily due to an increase in our weighted average total debt balance, partially offset by a decrease in our weighted average interest rate. capitalized interest increased $40.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, primarily due to the $25.6 million correction of an immaterial amount during 2016 as well as the construction of wynn palace. during the first quarter of 2016, we corrected immaterial amounts of additional interest that should have been capitalized instead of being expensed
50
during the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014. had these amounts been corrected in the appropriate periods, the capitalized interest for the year ended december 31, 2015, would have been $21.9 million higher. for further information, see item 8-"financial statements and supplementary data," note 2, "summary of significant accounting policies."
other non-operating income and expenses we incurred gains of $65.0 million and $52.0 million for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, from the change in fair value of the redemption note. the change in fair value was a result of changes in certain variables used to calculate its estimated fair value.
we incurred a loss of $126.0 million from the extinguishment of debt for the year ended december 31, 2015, in connection with the cash tender offer for the 7 7/8% first mortgage notes due may 1, 2020 and the 7 3/4% 2020 first mortgage notes due august 15, 2020 (together the "2020 notes"), subsequent redemption of the untendered 2020 notes and the amendment of our wynn macau credit facilities. in connection with the tender offer and subsequent redemption of the 2020 notes, we recorded a loss on the extinguishment of debt of $123.9 million. in connection with the amendment of the wynn macau credit facilities, we expensed $2.1 million of unamortized debt issuance costs. we incurred no loss on extinguishment of debt for the year ended december 31, 2016.
we incurred a gain of $0.4 million and a loss of $5.3 million from the change in the fair value of our interest rate swaps for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
interest income was $13.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, compared to $7.2 million for the same period of 2015. during the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, our short-term investment strategy was to preserve capital while retaining sufficient liquidity. the majority of our short-term investment amounts were in fixed deposits and money market accounts with a maturity of three months or less.
income taxes for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, we recorded a tax expense of $8.1 million and $7.7 million, respectively, primarily related to an increase in our deferred tax liabilities.
for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, we were exempt from the payment of $27.3 million and $41.6 million, respectively, under our exemption from the macau complementary tax on gaming profits. our non-gaming profits remain subject to the macau complementary tax and casino winnings remain subject to the macau special gaming tax and other levies together totaling 39% in accordance with our concession agreement.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests net income attributable to noncontrolling interests was $60.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, compared to $86.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. these amounts are primarily related to the noncontrolling interests' share of net income from wml.
adjusted property ebitda we use adjusted property ebitda to manage the operating results of our segments. adjusted property ebitda is net income before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, pre-opening expenses, property charges and other, management and license fees, corporate expenses and other (including intercompany golf course and water rights leases), stock-based compensation, loss on extinguishment of debt, change in interest rate swap fair value, change in redemption note fair value and other non-operating income and expenses, and includes equity in income from unconsolidated affiliates. adjusted property ebitda is presented exclusively as a supplemental disclosure because management believes that it is widely used to measure the performance, and as a basis for valuation, of gaming companies. management uses adjusted property ebitda as a measure of the operating performance of its segments and to compare the operating performance of its properties with those of its competitors, as well as a basis for determining certain incentive compensation. we also present adjusted property ebitda because it is used by some investors as a way to measure a company's ability to incur and service debt, make capital expenditures and meet working capital requirements. gaming companies have historically reported ebitda as a supplement to u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"). in order to view the operations of their casinos on a more stand-alone basis, gaming companies, including us, have historically excluded from their ebitda calculations pre-opening expenses, property charges, corporate expenses and stock-based compensation, that do not relate to the management of specific casino properties. however, adjusted property ebitda should not be considered as an alternative to operating income as an
51
indicator of our performance, as an alternative to cash flows from operating activities as a measure of liquidity, or as an alternative to any other measure determined in accordance with gaap. unlike net income, adjusted property ebitda does not include depreciation or interest expense and therefore does not reflect current or future capital expenditures or the cost of capital. we have significant uses of cash flows, including capital expenditures, interest payments, debt principal repayments, income taxes and other non-recurring charges, which are not reflected in adjusted property ebitda. also, our calculation of adjusted property ebitda may be different from the calculation methods used by other companies and, therefore, comparability may be limited.
52
the following table summarizes adjusted property ebitda (in thousands) for our macau and las vegas operations as reviewed by management and summarized in item 8-"financial statements and supplementary data," note 15, "segment information." that footnote also presents a reconciliation of adjusted property ebitda to net income attributable to wynn resorts, limited.
years ended december 31,
2017                                      2016                    2015
wynn macau                $760,752                $681,509                $708,623
wynn palace (1)           $527,583                $103,036                      $-
las vegas operations      $522,397                $474,782                $477,166
(1) wynn palace opened on august 22, 2016.
adjusted property ebitda at wynn macau increased 11.6% for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to the same period of 2016, primarily due to improved vip operations driven by a year-over-year increase in vip turnover. adjusted property ebitda at wynn macau decreased 3.8% for the year ended december 31, 2016, compared to the same period of 2015, primarily due to casino revenue performance driven by year-over-year declines in vip turnover, table drop and slot machine handle.
adjusted property ebitda at wynn palace was $527.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to $103.0 million for the same period of 2016. although the ramp up of wynn palace continues to be impacted by construction surrounding the property, we experienced significant business volume increases in both vip and mass market operations during 2017, its first full year of operations. vip turnover increased 18.5%, 39.9% and 47.0%, for the three months ended december 31, 2017, compared to the three months ended september 30, 2017, june 30, 2017 and march 31, 2017, respectively. table drop increased 29.8%, 54.3% and 46.1%, for the three months ended december 31, 2017, compared to the three months ended september 30, 2017, june 30, 2017 and march 31, 2017, respectively.
adjusted property ebitda at our las vegas operations increased 10.0% for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to the same period of 2016, primarily due to improved casino operations and food and beverage operations. adjusted property ebitda at our las vegas operations was relatively flat for the year ended december 2016, compared to the same period of 2015.
refer to the discussions above regarding the specific details of our results of operations.
liquidity and capital resources cash flows - summary our cash flows were as follows (in thousands):
years ended december 31,
2017                                                                       2016                                         2015
net cash provided by operating activities                $1,876,577                  $970,546                  $572,813
net cash used in investing activities                      (957,633    )           (1,288,250    )           (1,891,558    )
net cash (used in) provided by financing activities        (563,712    )              691,866                 1,216,258
effect of exchange rate on cash                              (3,880    )               (1,129    )                  412
increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents           $351,352                  $373,033                 $(102,075    )
operating activities our operating cash flows primarily consist of the operating income generated by our macau and las vegas operations (excluding depreciation and amortization and other non-cash charges), interest paid and earned, and changes in working capital accounts such as receivables, inventories, prepaid expenses and payables. our table games play both in macau and las vegas is a mix of cash play and credit play, while our slot machine play is conducted primarily on a cash basis. a significant portion of our table games revenue is attributable to the play of a limited number of premium international customers who gamble on credit. the ability to collect these gaming receivables may impact our operating cash flow for the period. our rooms, food and
53
beverage, and entertainment, retail, and other revenue is conducted on a cash and credit basis. accordingly, operating cash flows will be impacted by changes in operating income and accounts receivable.
net cash provided by operations for the year ended december 31, 2017 was $1.88 billion, compared to $970.5 million for the same period of 2016. the increase was primarily due to the operations of wynn palace, which generated $424.5 million of additional adjusted property ebitda, and a $292.8 million increase in customer deposits.
net cash provided by operations for the year ended december 31, 2016 was $970.5 million, compared to $572.8 million for the same period of 2015. the increase was primarily due to an increase in customer deposits of $276.0 million and a change in working capital accounts from our macau operations.
investing activities net cash used in investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2017 was $957.6 million, which was primarily attributable to $935.5 million in capital expenditures, net of construction payables and retention, with $572.8 million related to wynn boston harbor and $150.9 million related to our macau operations.
net cash used in investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2016 was $1.29 billion, which was primarily attributable to $1.23 billion in capital expenditures, net of construction payables and retention, with $838.3 million related to wynn palace and $212.2 million related to wynn boston harbor.
net cash used in investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2015 was $1.89 billion, which was primarily attributable to $1.92 billion in capital expenditures, net of construction payables and retention, with $1.57 billion related to wynn palace.
financing activities net cash used in financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2017 was $563.7 million, which was primarily attributable to net repayments of $340.2 million under our wynn macau credit facilities, $320.8 million for dividend payments and $91.2 million for the payment of financing costs, partially offset by $180.0 million in proceeds received from crown for assets contributed to the retail joint venture.
net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2016 was $691.9 million, which was primarily attributable to borrowings of $930.0 million under our wynn america credit facilities and proceeds of $217.0 million from the sale of a 49.9% ownership interest in a subsidiary, partially offset by dividend payments of $325.2 million.
net cash provided by financing activities was $1.22 billion for the year ended december 31, 2015, which was primarily attributable to net borrowings of $1.62 billion under our amended wynn macau credit facilities, partially offset by dividend payments of $499.1 million. we also issued the $1.8 billion 5 1/2% senior notes due 2025 (the "2025 notes") and used the proceeds to extinguish $1.6 billion of our 2020 notes.
capital resources as of december 31, 2017, we had approximately $2.80 billion of cash and cash equivalents and $327.5 million of available-for-sale investments in domestic and foreign debt securities. cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, cash in bank and fixed deposits, investments in money market funds, domestic and foreign bank time deposits and commercial paper, all with original maturities of less than 90 days. of these amounts, wml and its subsidiaries (of which we own approximately 72%) held $670.3 million in cash and cash equivalents. if our portion of this cash and cash equivalents were repatriated to the u.s. on december 31, 2017, it would be subject to minimal u.s. taxes in the year of repatriation. wynn america and wynn las vegas, llc held cash balances of $142.5 million and $244.6 million, respectively. wynn resorts, limited (including its subsidiaries other than wml, wynn america and wynn las vegas, llc), which is not a guarantor of the debt of its subsidiaries, held $1.75 billion and $327.5 million of cash and available-for-sale investments, respectively.
54
the following table summarizes our outstanding borrowings and available borrowing capacity under our credit facilities as of december 31, 2017 (in thousands):
facility borrowing capacity   borrowings outstanding        letters of credit outstanding             facility availability macau related:
wynn macau credit facilities (1):
senior term loan facility                        $2,298,798               $2,298,798                    $-                                                 $-
senior revolving credit facility                    748,287               -                             -                                             748,287
wml finance credit facility (2)                     495,152               -                             -                                             495,152
u.s. related:
wynn america credit facilities (3):
senior term loan facility                         1,000,000               1,000,000                     -                                                   -
senior revolving credit facility                    375,000               -                             17,689                                        357,311
total credit facilities                          $4,917,237               $3,298,798                    $17,689                                    $1,600,750
(1)   our macau related credit facilities include a $2.30 billion equivalent fully funded senior secured term loan facility (the "wynn macau senior term loan facility") and a $750 million equivalent senior secured revolving credit facility (the "wynn macau senior revolving credit facility," and together with the wynn macau senior term loan facility, the "wynn macau credit facilities"). the borrower is wynn macau sa, an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of wml, and borrowings consist of both united states dollar and hong kong dollar tranches. wynn macau sa has the ability to upsize the wynn macau credit facilities by an additional $1 billion in equivalent senior secured loans upon its satisfaction of various conditions.
(2)   our macau related credit facilities include a hk$3.87 billion (approximately $495.2 million) cash-collateralized revolving credit facility ("wml finance credit facility") under which wml finance i, limited, an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of wml, is the borrower.
(3)   our u.s. related credit facilities consist of an $875 million fully funded senior secured term loan facility (the "wa senior term loan facility i"), a $125 million fully funded senior term loan facility (the "wa senior term loan facility ii") and a $375 million senior secured revolving credit facility (the "wa senior revolving credit facility," and collectively, the "wynn america credit facilities"), under which wynn america, an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the company, is the borrower.
we expect that our future cash needs will relate primarily to operations, funding of development projects and enhancements to our operating resorts, debt service and retirement and general corporate purposes. we expect to meet our cash needs including our contractual obligations with future anticipated cash flow from operations, availability under our bank credit facilities and our existing cash balances. we intend to primarily fund our current development project, wynn boston harbor, with the available borrowing capacity under our wynn america credit facilities.
macau related debt our macau related debt consists of senior notes, the wynn macau credit facilities and the wml finance credit facility.
2024 wml notes. on september 20, 2017, wml issued the $600 million 2024 wml notes pursuant to an indenture, dated as of september 20, 2017, between wml and deutsche bank trust company americas, as trustee (the "2024 wml indenture").  the 2024 wml notes will mature on october 1, 2024 and bear interest at the rate of 4 7/8% per annum. at any time prior to october 1, 2020, wml may redeem the 2024 wml notes, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to the greater of (a) 100% of the principal amount of the wml 2024 notes or (b) a "make-whole" amount as determined by an independent investment banker in accordance with the terms of the 2024 wml indenture. in either case, the redemption price would include accrued and unpaid interest. in addition, at any time prior to october 1, 2020, wml may use the net cash proceeds from certain equity offerings to redeem up to 35% of the aggregate principal amount of the 2024 wml notes at a redemption price equal to 104.875% of the aggregate principal amount of the 2024 wml notes. on or after october 1, 2020, wml may redeem the 2024 wml notes, in whole or in part, at a premium decreasing annually from 102.438% of the principal amount to 100% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest.
2027 wml notes. on september 20, 2017, wml issued the $750 million 2027 wml notes pursuant to an indenture, dated as of september 20, 2017, between wml and deutsche bank trust company americas, as trustee (the "2027 wml indenture" and together with the 2024 wml indenture, the "wml indentures"). the 2027 wml notes bear interest at the rate of 5 1/2% per annum and mature on october 1, 2027. at any time prior to october 1, 2022, wml may redeem the 2027 wml notes, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to the greater of (a) 100% of the principal amount of the 2027 wml
55
notes or (b) a "make-whole" amount as determined by an independent investment banker in accordance with the terms of the 2027 wml indenture. in either case, the redemption price would include accrued and unpaid interest. in addition, at any time prior to october 1, 2020, wml may use the net cash proceeds from certain equity offerings to redeem up to 35% of the aggregate principal amount of the 2027 wml notes, at a redemption price equal to 105.5% of the aggregate principal amount of the 2027 wml notes. on or after october 1, 2022, wml may redeem the 2027 wml notes, in whole or in part, at a premium decreasing annually from 102.75% of the principal amount to 100% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest.
if wml undergoes a change of control (as defined in the wml indentures), it must offer to repurchase the wml notes at a price equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest. in addition, wml may redeem the wml notes, in whole but not in part, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, in response to any change in or amendment to certain tax laws or tax positions. further if a holder or beneficial owner of the wml notes fails to meet certain requirements imposed by any gaming authority (as defined in the wml indentures), wml may require the holder or beneficial owner to dispose of or redeem its wml notes.
upon the occurrence of (1) any event after which none of wml or any of its subsidiaries have such licenses, concessions, subconcessions or other permits or authorizations as necessary to conduct gaming activities in substantially the same scope as it does on the date of the wml notes issuance, for a period of ten consecutive days or more, and such event has a material adverse effect on the financial condition, business, properties, or results of operations of wml and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (2) the termination, rescission, revocation or modification of any such licenses, concessions, subconcessions or other permits or authorizations which has had a material adverse effect on the financial condition, business, properties, or results of operations of wml and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, each holder of the wml notes will have the right to require wml to repurchase all or any part of such holders' wml notes at a purchase price in cash equal to 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest.
the wml notes are wml's general unsecured obligations and rank pari passu in right of payment with all of wml's existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness; will rank senior to all of wml's future subordinated indebtedness, if any; will be effectively subordinated to all of wml's future secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the assets securing such debt; and will be structurally subordinated to all existing and future obligations of wml's subsidiaries, including the wynn macau credit facilities and the wml finance credit facility. the wml notes are not registered under the securities act of 1933, as amended (the "securities act"), and the wml notes are subject to restrictions on transferability and resale.
the wml indentures contain covenants limiting wml's (and certain of its subsidiaries') ability to, among other things: merge or consolidate with another company; transfer or sell all or substantially all of its properties or assets; and lease all or substantially all of its properties or assets. the terms of the wml indentures contain customary events of default, including, but not limited to: default for 30 days in the payment of interest when due on the wml notes; default in the payment of the principal, or premium, if any, when due on the wml notes; failure to comply with any payment obligations relating to the repurchase by wml of the wml notes upon a change of control; failure to comply with certain covenants in the wml indentures; certain defaults on certain other indebtedness; failure to pay judgments against wml or certain subsidiaries that, in the aggregate, exceed $50.0 million; and certain events of bankruptcy or insolvency. in the case of an event of default arising from certain events of bankruptcy or insolvency, all wml notes then outstanding will become due and payable immediately without further action or notice.
wynn macau credit facilities. the wynn macau senior term loan facility is repayable in graduating installments of 2.50% to 7.33% of the principal amount on a quarterly basis commencing in december 2018, with a final installment of 50% of the principal amount repayable in september 2021. the wynn macau senior revolving credit facility will mature in september 2020, at which time any outstanding borrowings must be repaid. the wynn macau credit facilities bear interest at libor or hibor plus a margin of 1.50% to 2.25% per annum based on wynn macau sa's leverage ratio (as defined in the wynn macau credit facilities). the commitment fee required to be paid for unborrowed amounts under the wynn macau senior revolving credit facility, if any, is between 0.52% and 0.79%, per annum, based on wynn macau sa's leverage ratio. the annual commitment fee is payable quarterly in arrears and is calculated based on the daily average of the unborrowed amounts.
the wynn macau credit facilities contain a requirement that wynn macau sa must make mandatory repayments of indebtedness from specified percentages of excess cash flow. if wynn macau sa's leverage ratio is greater than 4.5 to 1, then 25% of excess cash flow (as defined in the wynn macau credit facilities) must be used for prepayment of indebtedness and cancellation of available borrowings under the wynn macau credit facilities. there is no mandatory prepayment in respect of excess cash flow if wynn macau sa's leverage ratio is equal to or less than 4.5 to 1.
56
the wynn macau credit facilities contain customary covenants restricting certain activities including, but not limited to: the incurrence of additional indebtedness, the incurrence or creation of liens on any of its property, sale and leaseback transactions, the ability to dispose of assets, and making loans or other investments. in addition, wynn macau sa is required by the financial covenants to maintain a leverage ratio of not greater than 5.25 to 1 for the fiscal year ending december 31, 2017, and an interest coverage ratio (as defined in the wynn macau credit facilities) of not less than 2.00 to 1 at any time.
borrowings under the wynn macau credit facilities will continue to be guaranteed by palo, and by certain subsidiaries of the company that own equity interests in wynn macau sa, and are secured by substantially all of the assets of wynn macau sa and palo, and the equity interests in wynn macau sa. borrowings under the wynn macau credit facilities are not guaranteed by the company or wml.
in connection with the gaming concession contract of wynn macau sa, wynn macau sa entered into a bank guarantee reimbursement agreement with bnu for the benefit of the macau government. this guarantee assures wynn macau sa's performance under the casino concession agreement, including the payment of premiums, fines and indemnity for any material failure to perform under the terms of the concession agreement and the payment of any gaming taxes. as of december 31, 2017, the guarantee was in the amount of mop 300 million (approximately $37.3 million) and will remain at such amount until 180 days after the end of the term of the concession agreement (2022). bnu, as issuer of the guarantee, is currently secured by a second priority security interest in the senior lender collateral package. from and after repayment of all indebtedness under the wynn macau credit facilities, wynn macau sa is obligated to promptly, upon demand by bnu, repay any claim made on the guarantee by the macau government. bnu is paid an annual fee for the guarantee of mop 2.3 million (approximately $0.3 million).
wml finance credit facility. borrowings under the wml finance credit facility are in hong kong dollars and are used for working capital requirements and general corporate purposes. the wml finance credit facility matures in july 2018, at which time any outstanding borrowings must be repaid. the wml finance credit facility bears interest initially at 1.50% per annum, such rate calculated as the interest rate paid by the lender as the deposit bank for the cash collateral deposited and pledged with the lender plus a margin of 0.40%. under terms of the agreement, mandatory repayment is required upon a change in control or material adverse effect, as defined in the agreement.
u.s. and corporate related debt our u.s. related debt consists of senior notes and the wynn america credit facilities. the corporate related debt consists of the redemption note.
notes. our senior notes rank pari passu in right of payment.
2023 notes. in may 2013, wynn las vegas, llc and wynn las vegas capital corp., an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of wynn resorts ("capital corp." and, together with wynn las vegas, llc, the "issuers"), issued the $500 million 4 1/4% senior notes due 2023 (the "2023 notes") pursuant to an indenture, dated as of may 22, 2013 (the "2023 indenture"), among the issuers, the guarantors (as defined below), and the u.s. bank national association, as trustee (the "trustee"). the 2023 notes will mature on may 30, 2023 and bear interest at the rate of 4 1/4% per annum. the issuers may, at their option, redeem the 2023 notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time prior to their stated maturity. the redemption price for the 2023 notes that are redeemed before february 28, 2023 will include a "make-whole" premium, plus accrued and unpaid interest. in the event of a change of control triggering event (as defined in the 2023 indenture), the issuers will be required to offer to repurchase the 2023 notes at 101% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest.
on february 16, 2018, the issuers commenced a solicitation of consents (the "consent solicitation") for a proposed amendment (the "proposed amendment") to the 2023 indenture. the proposed amendment would conform the definition of change of control relating to ownership of equity interests in the company to the terms of the indentures governing the 2025 notes and 2027 wlv notes. adoption of the proposed amendment requires the consent of holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the 2023 notes. the consent solicitation will expire on march 6, 2018.
2025 notes. in february 2015, the issuers issued the $1.8 billion 2025 notes pursuant to an indenture, dated as of february 18, 2015 (the "2025 indenture"), among the issuers, guarantors (as defined below) and the trustee. the 2025 notes will mature on march 1, 2025 and bear interest at the rate of 5 1/2% per annum. the issuers may, at their option, redeem the 2025 notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time prior to their stated maturity. the redemption price for the 2025 notes that are redeemed before december 1, 2024 will include a "make-whole" premium, plus accrued and unpaid interest. in the event of a change of control triggering event (as defined in the 2025 indenture), the issuers will be required to offer to repurchase the 2025 notes at 101% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest.
57
2027 wlv notes. in may 2017, the issuers issued the $900 million 2027 wlv notes pursuant to an indenture, dated as of may 11, 2017 (the "2027 indenture"), among the issuers, the guarantors (as defined below) and the trustee. the 2027 wlv notes will mature on may 15, 2027 and bear interest at the rate of 5 1/4% per annum. the issuers may, at their option, redeem the 2027 wlv notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time prior to their stated maturity. the redemption price for the 2027 wlv notes that are redeemed before february 15, 2027 will include a "make-whole" premium, plus accrued and unpaid interest. in the event of a change of control triggering event (as defined in the 2027 indenture), the issuers will be required to offer to repurchase the 2027 wlv notes at 101% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest.
each of the 2023 notes, 2025 notes and 2027 wlv notes are senior obligations of the issuers and are unsecured, except for the first priority pledge by wynn las vegas holdings, llc of its equity interests in wynn las vegas, llc. if wynn resorts receives an investment grade rating from one or more ratings agencies, the first priority pledge securing the 2023 notes, 2025 notes and 2027 wlv notes will be released.
each of the 2023 notes, 2025 notes and 2027 wlv notes are jointly and severally guaranteed by all of the issuers' subsidiaries, other than capital corp., which was a co-issuer (the "guarantors"). the guarantees are senior unsecured obligations and rank senior in right of payment to all of their existing and future subordinated debt. the guarantees rank equally in right of payment with all existing and future liabilities of the issuers' subsidiaries that are not so subordinated and will be effectively subordinated in right of payment to all of such existing and future secured debt (to the extent of the collateral securing such debt).
each of the 2023 indenture, 2025 indenture and 2027 indenture contains negative covenants and financial covenants, including, but not limited to, covenants limiting the issuers' and the guarantors' ability to create liens on assets to secure debt; enter into sale-leaseback transactions; and merge or consolidate with another company. these covenants are subject to a number of important and significant limitations, qualifications and exceptions. the 2027 indenture also provides that wynn america may assume all of wynn las vegas, llc's obligations under the 2027 indenture and the 2027 wlv notes if certain conditions set forth in the 2027 indenture are met.
events of default under each of the 2023 indenture, 2025 indenture and 2027 indenture include, among others, the following: default for 30 days in the payment of interest when due on the applicable notes; default in payment of the principal, or premium, if any, when due on the applicable notes; failure to comply with certain covenants in the applicable indenture; and certain events of bankruptcy or insolvency. in the case of an event of default arising from certain events of bankruptcy or insolvency with respect to the issuers or guarantors, all notes then outstanding will become due and payable immediately without further action or notice.
each of the 2023 notes, 2025 notes and 2027 wlv notes are also subject to mandatory redemption requirements imposed by gaming laws and regulations of gaming authorities in nevada.
wynn america credit facilities. on april 24, 2017, we amended the wynn america credit facilities to, among other things, extend the maturity of portions of the credit facilities. of the $875 million wa senior term loan facility i, $69.6 million matures in november 2020 with repayments in quarterly installments of $1.7 million commencing in june 2018 and a final installment of $52.2 million in november 2020, and $805.4 million matures in december 2021 with repayment in quarterly installments of $20.1 million commencing in march 2020 and a final installment of $664.5 million in december 2021. the wa senior term loan facility ii matures in december 2021 with no required repayments until maturity in december 2021. of the $375 million wa senior revolving credit facility, $42 million matures in november 2019 and $333 million matures in december 2021.
subject to certain exceptions, the wynn america credit facilities bear interest at either base rate plus 0.75% per annum or the reserve adjusted eurodollar rate plus 1.75% per annum. the annual fee required to pay for unborrowed amounts, if any, is 0.30% per annum, payable quarterly in arrears, calculated based on the daily average of the unborrowed amounts under such credit facilities.
the wynn america credit facilities contain customary representations and warranties, events of default and negative and affirmative covenants, including, among other things, limitations on: indebtedness; investments; restricted payments; mergers and acquisitions; payment of indebtedness; negative pledges; liens; transactions with affiliates and sales of assets. in addition, wynn america is subject to financial covenants, including maintaining a maximum consolidated senior secured net leverage ratio and a minimum consolidated ebitda, each as defined in the wynn america credit facilities. commencing with the second full fiscal quarter ending after the fiscal quarter in which wynn boston harbor opens, the maximum consolidated
58
senior secured net leverage ratio is not to exceed 2.75 to 1. commencing with the fiscal quarter ending december 31, 2015, the minimum consolidated ebitda is not to be less than $200.0 million.
we provided a completion guaranty in favor of the lenders under the wynn america credit facilities to support the development and opening of wynn boston harbor. wynn america and the guarantors have entered into a security agreement (as amended from time to time) in favor of the lenders under the wynn america credit facilities pursuant to which, subject to certain exceptions, wynn america and the guarantors have pledged all equity interests in the guarantors to the extent permitted by applicable law and granted a first priority security interest in substantially all of the other existing and future assets of the guarantors.
redemption note. based on the board of directors' finding of "unsuitability," on february 18, 2012, we redeemed and canceled aruze's 24,549,222 shares of wynn resorts' common stock. following a finding of "unsuitability," our articles of incorporation authorize redemption at "fair value" of the shares held by unsuitable persons. pursuant to the articles of incorporation, we issued the redemption note to aruze, a former stockholder and related party, in redemption of the shares. the redemption note has a principal amount of approximately $1.94 billion, matures on february 18, 2022 and bears interest at the rate of 2% per annum, payable annually in arrears on each anniversary of the date of the redemption note. we may, in our sole and absolute discretion, at any time and from time to time, and without penalty or premium, prepay the whole or any portion of the principal or interest due under the redemption note. in no instance shall any payment obligation under the redemption note be accelerated except in the sole and absolute discretion of wynn resorts or as specifically mandated by law. the indebtedness evidenced by the redemption note, is subordinated to the prior payment in full of all existing and future obligations of wynn resorts and any of its affiliates in respect of indebtedness for borrowed money of any kind or nature. aruze, universal entertainment corporation and kazuo okada have challenged the redemption of aruze's shares and we are currently involved in litigation with those parties as well as related stockholder derivative litigation. the outcome of these various proceedings cannot be predicted. any adverse judgments or settlements involving payment of a material sum of money could cause a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations and could expose us to additional claims by third parties, including current or former investors or regulators. any adverse judgments or settlements would reduce our profits and could limit our ability to operate our business. see item 1a-risk factors and item 8-"financial statements and supplementary data," note 14, "commitments and contingencies."
other factors affecting liquidity wynn resorts is a holding company and, as a result, our ability to pay dividends is highly dependent on our ability to obtain funds and our subsidiaries' ability to provide funds to us. wynn america and wynn macau sa debt instruments contain customary negative covenants and financial covenants, including, but not limited to, covenants that restrict their ability to pay dividends or distributions to any direct or indirect subsidiaries.
wynn las vegas, llc intends to fund its operations and capital requirements from cash on hand and operating cash flow. we cannot assure you, however, that our las vegas operations will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or the availability of additional indebtedness will be sufficient to enable us to service and repay wynn las vegas, llc's indebtedness and to fund its other liquidity needs. similarly, we expect that our macau operations will fund wynn macau sa and wml's debt service obligations with existing cash, operating cash flow and availability under the wynn macau credit facilities. however, we cannot assure you that operating cash flows will be sufficient to do so. we may refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before maturity. we cannot assure you that we will be able to refinance any of the indebtedness on acceptable terms or at all.
legal proceedings in which we are involved also may impact our liquidity. no assurance can be provided as to the outcome of such proceedings. in addition, litigation inherently involves significant costs. for information regarding legal proceedings, see item 8-"financial statements and supplementary data," note 14, "commitments and contingencies."
our board of directors has authorized an equity repurchase program. under the equity repurchase program, we may repurchase the company's outstanding shares from time to time through open market purchases, in privately negotiated transactions, and under plans complying with rules 10b5-1 and 10b-18 under the exchange act. as of december 31, 2017, we had $1.0 billion in repurchase authority under the program.
we have in the past repurchased, and in the future, we may periodically consider repurchasing our outstanding notes for cash. the amount of any notes to be repurchased, as well as the timing of any repurchases, will be based on business, market and other conditions and factors, including price, contractual requirements or consents, and capital availability.
59
new business developments or other unforeseen events may occur, resulting in the need to raise additional funds. we continue to explore opportunities to develop additional gaming or related businesses in domestic and international markets. there can be no assurances regarding the business prospects with respect to any other opportunity. any new development would require us to obtain additional financing. we may decide to conduct any such development through wynn resorts or through subsidiaries separate from the las vegas or macau-related entities.
off balance sheet arrangements we have not entered into any transactions with special purpose entities nor do we engage in any derivatives, except for interest rate swaps entered into in the past to manage interest rate risk associated with variable rate borrowings and foreign currency forward contracts. we do not have any retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to an unconsolidated entity. as of december 31, 2017, we had outstanding letters of credit totaling $17.7 million.
contractual commitments the following table summarizes our scheduled contractual commitments as of december 31, 2017 (in thousands):
payments due by period less                   1 to 3                   4 to 5                    after                   total than                    years                    years                  5 years
1 year long-term debt obligations                       $62,690                 $899,695               $4,272,856               $4,550,000               $9,785,241
fixed interest payments                          276,729                  553,458                  553,458                  682,291                2,065,936
estimated variable interest payments (1)         102,185                  188,901                   52,383                        -                  343,469
construction contracts and commitments           596,699                  267,358                        -                        -                  864,057
operating leases                                  18,052                   29,532                   22,617                   69,045                  139,246
capital leases                                       989                    1,978                    1,978                   67,732                   72,677
employment agreements                             65,791                   64,132                    7,690                        -                  137,613
other (2) (3)                                    175,493                  162,075                   65,105                    4,000                  406,673
total contractual commitments                 $1,298,628               $2,167,129               $4,976,087               $5,373,068              $13,814,912
(1)   amounts for all periods represent our estimated future interest payments on our debt facilities based upon amounts outstanding and libor or hibor rates as of december 31, 2017. actual rates will vary.
(2)   other includes open purchase orders, future charitable contributions, fixed gaming tax payments in macau, performance contracts and other contracts. as further discussed in item 8-"financial statements and supplementary data," note 13, "income taxes," we had $95.2 million of unrecognized tax benefits as of december 31, 2017. due to the inherent uncertainty of the underlying tax positions, it is not practicable to assign this liability to any particular year and therefore it is not included in the table above as of december 31, 2017.
(3)   other excludes community payments associated with the continuing operations of wynn boston harbor, which commence upon the opening of the resort. these amounts are approximately $10.6 million per year with minimal annual increases.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with gaap involves the use of estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements. certain of our accounting policies require management to apply significant judgment in defining the appropriate assumptions integral to financial estimates and on an ongoing basis, management evaluates those estimates. judgments are based on historical experience, terms of existing contracts, industry trends and information available from outside sources, as appropriate. however, by their nature, judgments are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty, and therefore actual results could differ from our estimates.
development, construction and property and equipment estimates during the construction and development of a resort, pre-opening or start-up costs are expensed when incurred. in connection with the construction and development of our resorts, significant start-up costs are incurred and charged to pre-opening costs through their respective openings. once our resorts open, expenses associated with the opening of the resorts are no longer charged as pre-opening costs.
during the construction and development stage, direct costs such as those incurred for the design and construction of our resorts, including applicable portions of interest, are capitalized. accordingly, the recorded amounts of property and equipment
60
increase significantly during construction periods. depreciation is provided over the estimated useful lives of the assets using the straight-line method. we determine the estimated useful lives based on our experience with similar assets, estimates of the usage of the asset and other factors specific to the asset. depreciation expense related to capitalized construction costs and fixed assets commence when the related assets are placed in service. the remaining estimated useful lives of assets are periodically reviewed and adjusted as necessary.
costs of repairs and maintenance are charged to expense when incurred. the cost and accumulated depreciation of property and equipment retired or otherwise disposed of are eliminated from the respective accounts and any resulting gain or loss is included in property charges and other.
we also evaluate our property and equipment and other long-lived assets for impairment in accordance with applicable accounting standards. for assets to be disposed of we recognize the asset at the lower of carrying value or fair market value less costs of disposal, as estimated based on comparable asset sales, solicited offers, or a discounted cash flow model. for assets to be held and used, we review for impairment whenever indicators of impairment exist. in reviewing for impairment, we compare the estimated future cash flows of the asset, on an undiscounted basis, to the carrying value of the asset. if the undiscounted cash flows exceed the carrying value, no impairment is indicated. if the undiscounted cash flows do not exceed the carrying value, an impairment is recorded based on the fair value of the asset, typically measured using a discounted cash flow model. if an asset is still under development, future cash flows include remaining construction costs. all recognized impairment losses, whether for assets to be disposed of or assets to be held and used, are recorded as operating expenses.
redemption price promissory note we record the redemption note at its fair value in accordance with applicable accounting guidance. as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, the fair value of the redemption note was $1.88 billion and $1.82 billion, respectively. we utilized an independent third party valuation to assist in the determination of this fair value. in determining this fair value, we estimated the redemption note's present value using discounted cash flows with a probability-weighted expected return for redemption assumptions and a discount rate, which included time value and non-performance risk adjustments commensurate with the risk of the redemption note.
considerations for the redemption assumptions included the stated maturity of the redemption note, uncertainty of the related cash flows as well as potential effects of the following: uncertainties surrounding the potential outcome and timing of pending litigation with the okada parties (item 8-"financial statements and supplementary data," note 14, "commitments and contingencies."); the outcome of ongoing investigations of aruze by the united states attorney's office, the u.s. department of justice and the nevada gaming control board; and other potential legal and regulatory actions. in addition, in the furtherance of various future business objectives, we considered our ability, at our sole option, to prepay the redemption note at any time in accordance with its terms without penalty. accordingly, we reasonably determined that the estimated life of the redemption note could be less than the contractual life of the redemption note.
in determining the appropriate discount rate to be used in the estimated present value, the redemption note's subordinated position and credit risk relative to all other debt in our capital structure and credit ratings associated with our traded debt were considered. observable inputs for the risk-free rate based on federal reserve rates for u.s. treasury securities and credit risk spread based on a yield curve index of similarly rated debt were used.
allowance for estimated doubtful accounts receivable a substantial portion of our outstanding receivables relates to casino credit play. credit play, through the issuance of markers, represents a significant portion of the table games volume at our las vegas operations. while offered, the issuance of credit at our macau operations is less significant when compared to las vegas. our goal is to maintain strict controls over the issuance of credit and aggressively pursue collection from those customers who fail to pay their balances in a timely fashion. these collection efforts may include the mailing of statements and delinquency notices, personal contacts, the use of outside collection agencies and litigation. markers issued at our las vegas operations are generally legally enforceable instruments in the united states, and united states assets of foreign customers may be used to satisfy judgments entered in the united states.
the enforceability of markers and other forms of credit related to gaming debt outside of the united states varies from country to country. some foreign countries do not recognize the enforceability of gaming related debt, or make enforcement burdensome. we closely consider the likelihood and difficulty of enforceability, among other factors, when issuing credit to customers who are not residents of the united states. in addition to our internal credit and collection departments, located in both las vegas and macau, we have a network of legal, accounting and collection professionals to assist us in our determinations regarding enforceability and our overall collection efforts.
61
as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, 81.7% and 88.1%, respectively, of our casino accounts receivable were owed by customers from foreign countries, primarily in asia. in addition to enforceability issues, the collectability of markers given to foreign customers is affected by a number of factors, including changes in currency exchange rates and economic conditions in the customers' home countries.
we regularly evaluate our reserve for bad debts based on a specific review of customer accounts and outstanding gaming promoter accounts as well as management's prior experience with collection trends in the casino industry and current economic and business conditions. in determining our allowance for estimated doubtful accounts receivable, we apply loss factors based on historical marker collection history to aged account balances and we specifically analyze the collectability of each account with a balance over a specified dollar amount, based upon the age, the customer's financial condition, collection history and any other known information.
the following table presents key statistics related to our casino accounts receivable (dollars in thousands):
december 31,
2017                                                                                       2016
casino accounts receivable                                   $173,664              $211,557
allowance for doubtful casino accounts receivable             $28,841               $53,860
allowance as a percentage of casino accounts receivable          16.6   %              25.5   %
our reserve for doubtful casino accounts receivable is based on our estimates of amounts collectible and depends on the risk assessments and judgments by management regarding realizability, the state of the economy and our credit policy. our reserve methodology is applied similarly to credit extended at each of our resorts. as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, 42.4% and 49.2%, respectively, of our outstanding casino accounts receivable balance originated at our macau operations.
as of december 31, 2017, a 100 basis point change in the allowance for doubtful accounts as a percentage of casino accounts receivable would change the provision for doubtful accounts by approximately $1.7 million.
as our customer payment experience evolves, we will continue to refine our estimated reserve for bad debts. accordingly, the associated provision for doubtful accounts may fluctuate. because individual customer account balances can be significant, the reserve and the provision can change significantly between periods as we become aware of additional information about a customer or changes occur in a region's economy or legal system.
consolidation the consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the company, its majority-owned subsidiaries and variable interest entities ("vies") in which the company is the primary beneficiary. the primary beneficiary is the party who has the power to direct the activities of a vie that most significantly impact the entity's economic performance and who has an obligation to absorb losses of the entity or a right to receive benefits from the entity that could potentially be significant to the entity.
we assessed our ownership in the retail joint venture with crown based on consolidation accounting guidance and concluded that the retail joint venture is a vie and we are the primary beneficiary based on our involvement in the leasing activities of the retail joint venture. as a result, we consolidate all of the retail joint venture's assets, liabilities and results of operations. we will evaluate our primary beneficiary designation on an ongoing basis and will assess the appropriateness of the retail joint venture's vie status when changes occur. for more information on the retail joint venture, see item 8-"financial statements and supplementary data," note 3, "retail joint venture."
62
investments and fair value we have made investments in domestic and foreign corporate debt securities and commercial paper. our investment policy requires investments to be investment grade and limits the amount of exposure to any one issuer with the objective of minimizing the potential risk of principal loss. we determine the appropriate classification of our investments at the time of purchase and reevaluate such designation as of each balance sheet date. our investments are reported at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, reported in other comprehensive income (loss). adjustments are made for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts to maturity computed under the effective interest method. such amortization is included in interest income together with realized gains and losses and the stated interest on such securities.
we measure certain of our financial assets and liabilities, at fair value on a recurring basis pursuant to accounting standards for fair value measurements. fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. these accounting standards establish a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value. these tiers include: level 1, defined as observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets; level 2, defined as inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are either directly or indirectly observable; and level 3, defined as unobservable inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions.
we obtain pricing information in determining the fair value of our available-for-sale securities from independent pricing vendors. based on our inquiries, the pricing vendors use various pricing models consistent with what other market participants would use. the assumptions and inputs used by the pricing vendors are derived from observable market sources including: reported trades, broker/dealer quotes, issuer spreads, benchmark curves, bids, offers and other market-related data. we have not made adjustments to such prices. each quarter, we validate the fair value pricing methodology to determine the fair value consistent with applicable accounting guidance and to confirm that the securities are classified properly in the fair value hierarchy. we also compare the pricing received from our vendors to independent sources for the same or similar securities.
income taxes we are subject to income taxes in the united states and other foreign jurisdictions where we operate. accounting standards require the recognition of deferred tax assets, net of applicable reserves, and liabilities for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. the effect of a change in tax rates on the income tax provision and deferred tax assets and liabilities generally is recognized in the results of operations in the period that includes the enactment date. accounting standards require recognition of a future tax benefit to the extent that realization of such benefit is more likely than not. otherwise, a valuation allowance is applied.
as of december 31, 2017, we have a foreign tax credit ("ftc") carryover of $3.62 billion and we have recorded a valuation allowance of $3.27 billion against this asset based on our estimate of future realization. the ftcs are attributable to the macau special gaming tax, which is 35% of gross gaming revenue in macau. in the assessment of the valuation allowance, appropriate consideration was given to all positive and negative evidence including recent operating profitability, forecast of future earnings and the duration of statutory carryforward periods.
our income tax returns are subject to examination by the irs and other tax authorities in the locations where we operate. we assess potentially unfavorable outcomes of such examinations based on accounting standards for uncertain income taxes. the accounting standards prescribe a minimum recognition threshold a tax position is required to meet before being recognized in the financial statements.
uncertain tax position accounting standards apply to all tax positions related to income taxes. these accounting standards utilize a two-step approach for evaluating tax positions. the tax benefit is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is more likely than not to be realized upon settlement.
as applicable, we recognize accrued penalties and interest related to unrecognized tax benefits in the provision for income taxes.
stock-based compensation accounting standards for stock-based payments establish standards for the accounting for transactions in which an entity exchanges its equity instruments for goods and services or incurs a liability in exchange for goods and services that are based
63
on the fair value of the entity's equity instruments or that may be settled by the issuance of those equity instruments. it requires an entity to measure the costs of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the grant-date fair value of the award and recognize that cost over the service period. we use the black-scholes option pricing model to determine the grant-date fair value of our stock options. the black-scholes model uses assumptions of expected volatility, risk-free interest rates, the expected term of options granted, and expected rates of dividends. management determines these assumptions by reviewing current market rates, making industry comparisons and reviewing conditions relevant to our company.
the expected volatility and expected term assumptions can significantly impact the fair value of stock options. we believe that the valuation techniques and the approach utilized to develop our assumptions are reasonable in calculating the fair value of the options we grant. we estimate the expected stock price volatility using a combination of implied and historical factors related to our stock price in accordance with applicable accounting standards. as our stock price fluctuates, this estimate will change. a hypothetical 10% change in the volatility assumption for our options granted in 2017 would not have a material effect on the change in fair value. expected term represents the estimated average time between the option's grant date and its exercise date. a hypothetical 10% change in the expected term assumption for our options granted in 2017 would not have a material effect on the change in fair value. these assumed changes in fair value would have been recognized over the vesting schedule of such awards.
accounting standards also require the classification of stock-based compensation expense in the same financial statement line items as cash compensation, and therefore impacts our departmental expenses (and related operating margins), pre-opening expenses and construction in progress for our development projects and our general and administrative expenses, including corporate expenses.
recently adopted accounting standards and accounting standards issued but not yet adopted see item 8-"financial statements and supplementary data," note 2, "summary of significant accounting policies."
