item  1a.    risk factors.
an investment in bd involves a variety of risks and uncertainties. the following describes some of the material risks that could adversely affect bd's business, financial condition, operating results or cash flows. we may also be adversely impacted by other risks not presently known to us or that we currently consider immaterial.
business, economic and industry risks we are subject to risks associated with public health threats, including the ongoing covid-19 pandemic, which has had, and we expect will continue to have, a material adverse effect on our business. the nature and extent of future impacts are highly uncertain and unpredictable.
we are subject to risks associated with public health threats, including the covid-19 pandemic. the outbreak of covid-19 and the travel restrictions, quarantines and other actions taken by governments and the private sector to slow the spread of the virus resulted in a global economic slowdown, and caused healthcare systems to divert resources to manage the pandemic. these measures led to unprecedented restrictions on and disruptions in businesses and personal activities. as a result, we experienced significant reductions in the demand for certain of our products, resulting from reductions in elective and non-essential procedures, lower utilization of routine testing and related specimen collection, reduced capital spend by customers and a decrease in research activity due to laboratory closures and reduced clinical testing.
while the united states and other countries have begun to reopen their economies, utilization rates for many of our products have not returned to pre-pandemic levels. there may also be continued pressure on our margins due to manufacturing variances resulting from lower demand for certain of our products. in addition, in response to the pandemic, we developed and launched multiple products for the detection and identification of covid-19, including tests for our bd maxtm molecular system and bd veritortm plus system, and there are a number of factors, including the timing and availability of any covid-19 vaccine and the entry of additional competitive products, that could impact the level of demand and pricing for our covid-19 diagnostics testing.
moreover, any resurgence in covid-19 infections could result in the imposition of new governmental lockdowns, quarantine requirements or other restrictions to slow the spread of the virus, which could weaken demand for certain of our products, as discussed above. such measures have begun to be implemented again in certain european countries and in the united states as infections have begun to increase again, in some cases significantly. these measures could include determinations that our or our suppliers' facilities are not essential businesses that could result in closures or other restrictions that significantly disrupt our operations or those of distributors or suppliers in our supply chain. in addition, while we undertook certain financing activities as a precautionary measure during this economic slowdown, no assurance can be given that we will be able to access capital markets in the future without incurring significant costs and expense.
the scope and duration of the pandemic, including the current resurgences in various regions around the world and other future resurgences, the pace at which government restrictions are lifted or whether additional actions may be taken to contain the virus, the speed and extent to which global markets and utilization rates for our products fully recover from the disruptions caused by the pandemic, and the impact of these factors on our business, will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence.
to the extent covid-19 adversely affects our operations and global economic conditions more generally, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described herein.
a downturn in economic conditions could adversely affect our operations.
deterioration in the domestic or international economic environment, particularly in emerging markets and countries with government-sponsored healthcare systems, may cause decreased demand for our products and services and increased competition, which could result in lower sales volume and lower prices for our products, longer sales cycles, and slower adoption of new technologies. a weakening of macroeconomic conditions may also adversely affect our suppliers, which could result in interruptions in supply. we have previously experienced delays in collecting government receivables in certain countries in western europe due to economic conditions, and we may experience similar delays in the future in these and other countries or regions experiencing financial problems.
the medical technology industry is very competitive.
we are a global company that faces significant competition from a wide range of companies. these include large medical device companies with multiple product lines, some of which may have greater financial and marketing resources than we do, as well as firms that are more specialized than we are with respect to particular markets or product lines. non-traditional entrants, such as technology companies, are also entering into the healthcare industry, some of which may have greater financial and marketing resources than we do. we face competition across all our product lines and in each market in which our products are sold on the basis of product features, clinical or economic outcomes, product quality, availability, price, services and other factors. our ability to compete is also impacted by changing customer preferences and requirements, such as increased demand for more environmentally-friendly products and for products incorporating digital capabilities, as well as changes in the ways health care services are delivered (including the transition of more care from acute to non-acute settings and increased focus on chronic disease management). cost containment efforts by governments and the private sector are also resulting in increased emphasis on products that reduce costs, improve clinical results and expand patient access. our ability to remain competitive will depend on how well we meet these changing market demands in terms of our product offerings and marketing approaches.
the medical technology industry is also subject to rapid technological change and discovery and frequent product introductions. the development of new or improved products, processes or technologies by other companies (such as needle-free injection technology) that provide better features, pricing, clinical outcomes or economic value may render our products or proposed products obsolete or less competitive. in some instances, competitors, including pharmaceutical companies, also offer, or are attempting to develop, alternative therapies for disease states that may be delivered without a medical device. lower cost producers have also created pricing pressure, particularly in developing markets.
the medical technology industry has also experienced a significant amount of consolidation, resulting in companies with greater scale and market presence than bd. traditional distributors are also manufacturers of medical devices, providing another source of competition. in addition, health care systems and other providers are consolidating, resulting in greater purchasing power for these companies. as a result, competition among medical device suppliers to provide goods and services has increased. group purchasing organizations and integrated health delivery networks have also served to concentrate purchasing decisions for some customers, which has led to downward pricing pressure for medical device suppliers. further consolidation in the industry could intensify competition among medical device suppliers and exert additional pressure on the demand for and prices of our products.
a substantial amount of our revenues are derived from international operations, and we anticipate that a significant portion of our sales will continue to come from outside the u.s. in the future. the revenues we report with respect to our operations outside the united states may be adversely affected by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. a discussion of the financial impact of exchange rate fluctuations and the ways and extent to which we may attempt to address any impact is contained in item 7. management's discussion of financial condition and results of operations. any hedging activities we engage in may only offset a portion of the adverse financial impact resulting from unfavorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates. we cannot predict with any certainty changes in foreign currency exchange rates or the degree to which we can mitigate these risks.
our sales depend, in part, on the extent to which healthcare providers and facilities are reimbursed by government authorities (including medicare, medicaid and comparable foreign programs) and private insurers for the costs of our products. the coverage policies and reimbursement levels of third-party payers, which can vary among public and private sources and by country, may affect which products customers purchase and the prices they are willing to pay for those products in a particular jurisdiction. reimbursement rates can also affect the market acceptance rate of new technologies and products. reforms to reimbursement systems in the united states or abroad, changes in coverage or reimbursement rates by private payers, or adverse decisions relating to our products by administrators of these systems could significantly reduce reimbursement for procedures using our products or result in denial of reimbursement for those products, which would adversely affect customer demand or the price customers are willing to pay for such products. see "third-party reimbursement" under item 1. business.
initiatives to limit the growth of healthcare costs in the u.s. and other countries where we do business may also put pressure on medical device pricing. in the u.s., these include, among others, value-based purchasing and managed care arrangements. governments in china and other countries are also using various mechanisms to control healthcare expenditures, including increased use of competitive bidding and tenders, and price regulation.
a significant element of our strategy is to increase revenue growth by focusing on innovation and new product development. new product development requires significant investment in research and development, clinical trials and regulatory approvals. the results of our product development efforts may be affected by a number of factors, including our ability to anticipate customer needs, innovate and develop new products and technologies, successfully complete clinical trials, obtain regulatory approvals and reimbursement in the united states and abroad, manufacture products in a cost-effective manner, obtain appropriate intellectual property protection, and gain and maintain market acceptance of our products. in addition, patents attained by others can preclude or delay our commercialization of a product. there can be no assurance that any products now in development or that we may seek to develop in the future will achieve technological feasibility, obtain regulatory approval or gain market acceptance.
a substantial amount of our sales come from our operations outside the united states, and we intend to continue to pursue growth opportunities in foreign markets, especially in emerging markets. our foreign operations subject us to certain risks relating to, among other things, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange (discussed above), local economic and political conditions, competition from local companies, increases in trade protectionism, u.s. relations with the governments of the foreign countries in which we operate, foreign regulatory requirements or changes in such requirements, changes in local health care payment systems and health care delivery systems, local product preferences and requirements, longer payment terms for account receivables than we experience in the u.s., difficulty in establishing, staffing and managing foreign operations, changes to international trade agreements and treaties, changes in tax laws, weakening or loss of the protection of intellectual property rights in some countries, and import or export licensing requirements. the success of our operations outside the united states also depends, in part, on our ability to make necessary infrastructure enhancements to, among other things, our production facilities and sales and distribution networks. these and other factors may adversely impact our ability to pursue our growth strategy in these markets.
in addition, our international operations are governed by the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and similar anti-corruption laws outside the u.s. global enforcement of anti-corruption laws has increased substantially in recent years, with more enforcement proceedings by u.s. and foreign governmental agencies and the imposition of significant fines and penalties. while we have implemented policies and procedures to enhance compliance with these laws, our international operations, which often involve customer relationships with foreign governments, create the risk that there may be unauthorized payments or offers of payments made by employees, consultants, sales agents or distributors. any alleged or actual violations of these laws may subject us to government investigations and significant criminal or civil sanctions and other liabilities, and negatively affect our reputation.
changes in u.s. policy regarding international trade, including import and export regulation and international trade agreements, could also negatively impact our business. the u.s. has imposed tariffs on steel and aluminum as well as on goods imported from china and certain other countries, which has resulted in retaliatory tariffs by china and other countries. additional tariffs imposed by the u.s. on a broader range of imports, or further retaliatory trade measures taken by china or other countries in response, could result in an increase in supply chain costs that we may not be able to offset or that otherwise adversely impact our results of operations.
the united kingdom's ("uk") departure from the european union ("eu") (commonly known as "brexit") has created uncertainties affecting business operations in the uk, the eu and a number of other countries, including with respect to compliance with the regulatory regimes regarding the labeling and registration of the products we sell in these markets. the uk formally left the eu on january 31, 2020. pursuant to the withdrawal arrangement agreed between the uk and the eu, there is a transition period through december 31, 2020 for the parties to negotiate their future trading relationship. during this transition period, the uk continues to follow the eu's rules and its trading relationship with the eu remains the same. while we have taken proactive steps to mitigate any disruption to our operations, we could face increased costs, volatility in exchange rates, market instability and other risks, depending on the outcome of the negotiations regarding the future eu/uk trading relationship.
we sell products to researchers at pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions, government laboratories and private foundations. research and development spending of our customers can fluctuate based on spending priorities and general economic conditions. a number of these customers are also dependent for their funding upon grants from u.s. government agencies, such as the u.s. national institutes of health ("nih") and agencies in other countries. the level of government funding of research and development is unpredictable. for instance, there have been instances where nih grants have been frozen or otherwise unavailable for extended periods. the availability of governmental research funding may be adversely affected by economic conditions and governmental spending reductions. any reduction or delay in governmental funding could cause our customers to delay or forego purchases of our products.
we need to attract and retain key employees to be competitive.
our ability to compete effectively depends upon our ability to attract and retain executives and other key employees. competition for experienced employees, particularly for persons with specialized skills, can be intense. our ability to recruit such talent will depend on a number of factors, including compensation and benefits, work location and work environment. if we cannot effectively recruit and retain qualified executives and employees, our business could be adversely affected.
we rely on information systems to process, transmit, and store electronic information in our day-to-day operations, including sensitive personal or proprietary information. in addition, some of our products include information systems that collects data regarding patients and patient therapy on behalf of our customers and some connect to our systems for maintenance purposes. our information systems have been subjected to attack via malicious code execution, and cyber- or phishing- attacks, and we have experienced instances of unauthorized access to our systems in the past and expect to be subject to similar cyberattacks in the future. in addition to our own information, in the course of doing business, we sometimes store information with third parties that could be subject to attacks.
cyberattacks could result in our intellectual property and other confidential information being accessed, destroyed or stolen, which could adversely affect our competitive position in the market. likewise, we could suffer disruption of our operations and other significant negative consequences, including increased costs for security measures or remediation, diversion of management attention, litigation and damage to our relationships with vendors, business partners and customers. unauthorized tampering, adulteration or interference with our products may also create issues with product functionality that could result in a loss of data, risk to patient safety, and product recalls or field actions. cyberattacks could result in unauthorized access to our systems and products which could also impact our compliance with privacy and other laws and regulations, and result in actions by regulatory bodies or civil litigation. while we will continue to dedicate significant resources to protect against unauthorized access to our systems and products, and work with government authorities and third party providers to detect and reduce the risk of future cyber incidents, cyberattacks are becoming more sophisticated, frequent and adaptive. there can be no assurances that these protective measures will prevent future attacks that could have a material adverse impact on our business.
cost volatility could adversely affect our operations.
our results of operations could be negatively impacted by volatility in the cost of raw materials, components, freight and energy that, in turn, increases the costs of producing and distributing our products. new laws or regulations adopted in response to climate change could also increase energy and transportation costs, as well as the costs of certain raw materials and components. in particular, we purchase supplies of resins, which are oil-based components used in the manufacture of certain products, and any significant increases in resin costs could adversely impact future operating results. increases in oil prices can also increase our packaging and transportation costs. we may not be able to offset any increases in our operational costs.
we purchase many different types of raw materials and components used in our products. certain raw materials and components are not available from multiple sources. in addition, for quality assurance, cost-effectiveness and other reasons, certain raw materials and components are purchased from sole suppliers. the price and supply of these materials and components may be impacted or disrupted for reasons beyond our control. while we work with suppliers to ensure continuity of supply, no assurance can be given that these efforts will be successful. in addition, due to regulatory requirements relating to the qualification of suppliers, we may not be able to establish additional or replacement sources on a timely basis or without excessive cost. the termination, reduction or interruption in supply of these raw materials and components could adversely impact our ability to manufacture and sell certain of our products.
we have manufacturing sites all over the world. in some instances, however, the manufacturing of certain of our product lines is concentrated in one or more of our plants. interruption to our manufacturing operations resulting from weather or natural disasters, regulatory requirements or issues in our manufacturing process, equipment failure or other factors, could adversely affect our ability to manufacture our products. in some instances, we may not be able to transition manufacturing to other bd sites or a third party to replace the lost production. a significant interruption of our manufacturing operations could result in lost revenues and damage to our relationships with customers.
in addition, many of our products require sterilization prior to sale, and we utilize both bd facilities and third-parties for this process. in some instances, only a few facilities are qualified under applicable regulations to conduct this sterilization. to the extent we or third-parties are unable to sterilize our products, whether due to lack of capacity, regulatory requirements or otherwise, we may be unable to transition sterilization to other sites or modalities in a timely or cost effective manner, or at all, which could have an adverse impact on our operating results.
legal, quality and regulatory risks we are subject to lawsuits.
we are or have been a defendant in a number of lawsuits, including, among others, purported class action lawsuits for alleged antitrust violations and violations of federal securities laws, product liability claims (which may involve lawsuits seeking class action status or seeking to establish multi-district litigation proceedings, including claims relating to our hernia repair implant products, surgical continence and pelvic organ prolapse products for women and vena cava filter products), and suits alleging patent infringement. we have also been subject to government subpoenas and civil investigative demands seeking information with respect to alleged violations of law, including in connection with federal and/or state healthcare programs (such as medicare or medicaid), federal contracting requirements and/or sales and marketing practices. a more detailed description of certain litigation to which we are a party is contained in note 5 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data. we could be subject to additional lawsuits or governmental investigations in the future.
reserves established for estimated losses with respect to legal proceedings do not represent an exact calculation of our actual liability, but instead represent our estimate of the probable loss at the time the reserve is established. due to the inherent uncertainty of litigation and our underlying loss reserve estimates, additional reserves may be established or current reserves may be significantly increased from time-to-time. also, in some instances, we are not able to estimate the amount or range of loss that could result from an unfavorable outcome of the litigation to which we are a party. in view of these uncertainties, we could incur charges materially in excess of any currently established accruals and, to the extent available, excess liability insurance. any such future charges, individually or in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and/or liquidity.
with respect to our existing product liability litigation, we believe that some settlements and judgments, as well as legal defense costs, may be covered in whole or in part under our product liability insurance policies with a limited number of insurance companies, or, in some circumstances, indemnification obligations to us from other parties. however, amounts recovered under these arrangements may be less than the stated coverage limits or less than otherwise expected and may not be adequate to cover damages and/or costs. in addition, there is no guarantee that insurers or other parties will pay claims or that coverage or indemnity will be otherwise available. for certain product liability claims or lawsuits, bd does not maintain or has limited remaining insurance coverage, and we may not be able to obtain additional insurance on acceptable terms or at all that will provide adequate protection against potential liabilities.
our operations are global and are affected by complex state, federal and international laws relating to healthcare, environmental protection, antitrust, anti-corruption, marketing, fraud and abuse (including anti-kickback and false claims laws), export control, product safety and efficacy, employment, privacy and other areas. violations of these laws can result in criminal or civil sanctions, including substantial fines and, in some cases, exclusion from participation in health care programs such as medicare and medicaid. environmental laws, particularly with respect to the emission of greenhouse gases, are also becoming more stringent throughout the world, which may increase our costs of operations or necessitate closures of or changes to our manufacturing plants or processes or those of our suppliers, or result in liability to bd. the enactment of additional laws in the future may increase our compliance costs or otherwise adversely impact our operations.
we are subject to extensive regulation by the fda pursuant to the federal food, drug and cosmetic act, by comparable agencies in foreign countries, and by other regulatory agencies and governing bodies. most of our products must receive clearance or approval from the fda or counterpart regulatory agencies in other countries before they can be marketed or sold. the process for obtaining marketing approval or clearance may require us to incur significant costs in terms of time and resources, and these costs have been increasing due to increased requirements from the fda for supporting data for submissions. the regulatory process may also require changes to our products or result in limitations on the indicated uses of our products. governmental agencies may also impose new requirements regarding registration, labeling or prohibited materials that require us to modify or re-register products already on the market or otherwise impact our ability to market our products in those countries.
following the introduction of a product, these agencies also periodically review our manufacturing processes and product performance. our failure to comply with the applicable good manufacturing practices, adverse event reporting, and other requirements of these agencies could delay or prevent the production, marketing or sale of our products and result in delays or suspensions of regulatory clearances, warning letters or consent decrees, closure of manufacturing sites, import bans, seizures or recalls of products, civil or criminal sanctions and damage to our reputation. more stringent oversight by the fda and other agencies in recent years has resulted in increased enforcement activity, which increases our compliance risk.
we are operating under a consent decree with the fda, entered into by carefusion in 2007 and amended in 2009, that affects our alaristm infusion pump business in the united states. we are also currently operating under a warning letter issued by the fda. for more information regarding the consent decree and warning letter, see "regulation" under item 1. business.
as previously disclosed, we are undertaking certain remediation of our bd alaris system, and are currently shipping the product in the u.s. only in cases of medical necessity. we will not be able to fully resume commercial operations for the bd alaris system in the u.s. until a 510(k) submission relating to the product has been filed with and subsequently cleared by the fda. no assurance can be given as to the time it may take for us to obtain fda clearance of the 510(k).
in addition, the european union ("eu") has adopted the eu medical device regulation (the "eu mdr") and the in vitro diagnostic regulation (the "eu ivdr"), each of which impose stricter requirements for the marketing and sale of medical devices, including in the area of clinical evidence requirements, quality systems and post-market surveillance. manufacturers of currently approved medical devices will have until may 2021 to meet the requirements of the eu mdr for self-certified devices and until may 2024 for medical devices with a valid conformity assessment certificate. manufacturers of in vitro diagnostic devices have until may 2022 to meet the eu ivdr. complying with these regulations will require us to incur significant expenditures. failure to meet these requirements could adversely impact our business in the eu and other regions that tie their product registrations to eu conformity requirements.
we are also subject to complex and frequently changing laws in the u.s. and elsewhere regarding privacy and the collection, use, storage and protection of personal information, and noncompliance with these laws could result in substantial fines or litigation. for instance, the eu has also adopted the general data protection regulation ("gdpr"), which will apply to personal data involved in our operations in the eu or products and services that we offer to eu users involving personal data. the gdpr creates a range of new compliance obligations that could require us to change our existing business practices policies, and significantly increases financial penalties for noncompliance.  privacy regulations are evolving rapidly and we expect to continue to see regional privacy laws emerge, similar to the gdpr and laws adopted in california, that may impact bd businesses to the extent they rely on the use of personal data.
defects or quality issues associated with our products could adversely affect the results of our operations.
the design, manufacture and marketing of medical devices involve certain inherent risks. manufacturing or design defects, component failures, unapproved or improper use of our products, or inadequate disclosure of risks or other information relating to the use of our products can lead to injury or other serious adverse events. these events could lead to recalls or safety alerts relating to our products (either voluntary or as required by the fda or similar governmental authorities in other countries), and could result, in certain cases, in the removal of a product from the market. a recall could result in significant costs and lost sales and customers, enforcement actions and/or investigations by state and federal governments or other enforcement bodies, as well as negative publicity and damage to our reputation that could reduce future demand for our products. personal injuries relating to the use of our products can also result in significant product liability claims being brought against us. in some circumstances, such adverse events could also cause delays in regulatory approval of new products or the imposition of post-market approval requirements.
many of our businesses rely on patent, trademark and other intellectual property assets. these intellectual property assets, in the aggregate, are of material importance to our business. we can lose the protection afforded by these intellectual property assets through patent expirations, legal challenges or governmental action. patents attained by competitors, particularly as patents on our products expire, may also adversely affect our competitive position. in addition, competitors may seek to invalidate patents on our products or claim that our products infringe upon their intellectual property, which could result in a loss of competitive advantage or the payment of significant legal fees, damage awards and past or future royalties, as well as injunctions against future sales of our products. we also operate in countries that do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as in the u.s., which could make it easier for competitors to compete with us in those countries. the loss of a significant portion of our portfolio of intellectual property assets may have an adverse effect on our earnings, financial condition or cash flows.
risks relating to our indebtedness in connection with the bard acquisition, we incurred significant additional indebtedness, which could adversely affect us, including by decreasing our business flexibility, and will increase our interest expense.
we substantially increased our indebtedness in connection with the bard acquisition, in comparison to our indebtedness on a historical basis. this could have the effect of, among other things, reducing our flexibility to respond to business challenges and opportunities, and increasing our interest expense.
the amount of cash required to pay interest on our increased indebtedness levels following completion of the bard acquisition, and thus the demands on our cash resources, are greater than the amount of cash flows required to service our indebtedness prior to the bard acquisition. the increased levels of indebtedness following completion of the bard acquisition may also reduce funds available for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, the repayment or refinancing of our indebtedness as it becomes due and other general corporate purposes, and may create competitive disadvantages for us relative to other companies with lower debt levels. in addition, certain of the indebtedness incurred in connection with the bard acquisition bears interest at variable interest rates. if interest rates increase, variable rate debt will create higher debt service requirements, which could further adversely affect our cash flows. if we do not achieve the expected benefits and cost savings from the bard acquisition, or if the financial performance as a combined company does not meet current expectations, then our ability to service our indebtedness may be adversely impacted.
in addition, our credit ratings affect the cost and availability of future borrowings and, accordingly, our cost of capital. our ratings reflect each rating organization's opinion of our financial strength, operating performance and ability to meet our debt obligations. there can be no assurance that we will achieve a particular rating or maintain a particular rating in the future or that we will be able to maintain our current rating. furthermore, our combined company's credit ratings were lowered following the bard acquisition, including below "investment grade" by moody's investors service, inc., which may further increase our future borrowing costs and reduce our access to capital.
moreover, in the future we may be required to raise substantial additional financing to fund the repayment or refinancing of our indebtedness, acquisitions, or working capital, capital expenditures or other general corporate requirements. our ability to arrange additional financing or refinancing will depend on, among other factors, our financial position and performance, as well as prevailing market conditions and other factors beyond our control. no assurance can be provided that we will be able to obtain additional financing or refinancing on terms acceptable to us or at all.
we depend on cash on hand and cash flows from operations to make scheduled debt payments. however, our ability to generate sufficient cash flow from operations of the combined company and to utilize other methods to make scheduled payments will depend on a range of economic, competitive and business factors, many of which are outside of our control. there can be no assurance that these sources will be adequate. if we are unable to service our indebtedness and fund our operations, we will be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures, seek additional capital, sell assets or refinance our indebtedness. any such action may not be successful and we may be unable to service our indebtedness and fund our operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
the agreements that govern the indebtedness incurred in connection with the bard acquisition impose restrictions that may affect our ability to operate our businesses.
the agreements that govern the indebtedness incurred in connection with the bard acquisition contain various affirmative and negative covenants that may, subject to certain significant exceptions, restrict the ability of certain of our subsidiaries to incur debt and the ability of us and certain of our subsidiaries to, among other things, have liens on our property, and/or merge or consolidate with any other person or sell or convey certain of our assets to any one person, engage in certain transactions with affiliates and change the nature of our business. in addition, the agreements also require us to comply with certain financial covenants, including financial ratios. our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to comply with these provisions may be affected by events beyond our control. failure to comply with these covenants could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could accelerate our repayment obligations and could result in a default and acceleration under other agreements containing cross-default provisions. under these circumstances, we might not have sufficient funds or other resources to satisfy all of our obligations.
general business risks we cannot guarantee that any of our strategic acquisitions, investments or alliances will be successful.
we may seek to supplement our internal growth through strategic acquisitions, investments and alliances. such transactions are inherently risky, and the integration of any newly-acquired business requires significant effort and management attention. the success of any acquisition, investment or alliance may be affected by a number of factors, including our ability to properly assess and value the potential business opportunity or to successfully integrate any business we may acquire into our existing business. there can be no assurance that any past or future transaction will be successful.
natural disasters (including pandemics), war, terrorism, labor disruptions and international conflicts, and actions taken by the united states and other governments or by our customers or suppliers in response to such events, could cause significant economic disruption and political and social instability in the united states and areas outside of the united states in which we operate. these events could result in decreased demand for our products, adversely affect our manufacturing and distribution capabilities, or increase the costs for or cause interruptions in the supply of materials from our suppliers.
item 7.     management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following commentary should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes presented in this report. within the tables presented throughout this discussion, certain columns may not add due to the use of rounded numbers for disclosure purposes. percentages and earnings per share amounts presented are calculated from the underlying amounts. references to years throughout this discussion relate to our fiscal years, which end on september 30.
company overview description of the company and business segments becton, dickinson and company ("bd") is a global medical technology company engaged in the development, manufacture and sale of a broad range of medical supplies, devices, laboratory equipment and diagnostic products used by healthcare institutions, physicians, life science researchers, clinical laboratories, the pharmaceutical industry and the general public. the company's organizational structure is based upon three principal business segments, bd medical ("medical"), bd life sciences ("life sciences") and bd interventional ("interventional").
bd's products are manufactured and sold worldwide. our products are marketed in the united states and internationally through independent distribution channels and directly to end-users by bd and independent sales representatives. we organize our operations outside the united states as follows: europe, ema (which includes the commonwealth of independent states, the middle east and africa); greater asia (which includes countries in greater china, japan, south asia, southeast asia, korea, and australia and new zealand); latin america (which includes mexico, central america, the caribbean and south america); and canada. we continue to pursue growth opportunities in emerging markets, which include the following geographic regions: eastern europe, the middle east, africa, latin america and certain countries within greater asia. we are primarily focused on certain countries whose healthcare systems are expanding.
strategic objectives bd remains focused on delivering durable growth and creating shareholder value, while making appropriate investments for the future. bd 2025, our current phase of value creation, is anchored in three key pillars: grow, simplify and empower. bd's management team aligns our operations and investments with these key strategic pillars through continuous focus on the following underlying objectives:
•focusing on our core products, services and solutions that deliver greater benefits to patients, healthcare workers and researchers;
•supplementing our internal growth through strategic acquisitions;
•driving an efficient capital structure and strong shareholder returns.
•reducing complexity across our manufacturing network and rationalizing our product portfolio;
•enhancing our quality and risk management systems;
•focusing on cash and expense management in order to improve operating effectiveness and balance sheet productivity.
•fostering a purpose-driven culture with a focus on positive impact to all stakeholders-customers, patients, employees and communities;
•improving our ability to serve customers and enhance customer experiences through the digitalization of internal processes and go-to-market approaches;
in assessing the outcomes of these strategies as well as bd's financial condition and operating performance, management generally reviews quarterly forecast data, monthly actual results, segment sales and other similar information. we also consider trends related to certain key financial data, including gross profit margin, selling and administrative expense, investment in research and development, return on invested capital, and cash flows.
covid-19 pandemic impacts and response a novel strain of coronavirus disease ("covid-19") was officially declared a pandemic by the world health organization ("who") in march 2020. in efforts to slow and control the spread of covid-19, governments around the world issued stay at home orders, travel restrictions as well as recommendations or mandates to avoid large gatherings or to self-quarantine. many governments also instituted restrictions on certain businesses and their activities, particularly those that were deemed non-essential. these various measures led to a sudden and significant decline in economic activity within a number of countries worldwide. although the global economy has shown signs of recovery, current economic data indicates that full recovery has stalled in some major economies. as further discussed below, disruptions resulting from the ongoing covid-19 pandemic unfavorably impacted our results of operations in fiscal year 2020. while certain of our organizational units realized positive benefits to revenues from the pandemic, total consolidated revenues in 2020 were unfavorably impacted by an estimated net $600 million.
our financial position has remained strong and we continue to generate operating cash flows that are sufficient to meet our short-term liquidity needs. we also further secured our financial flexibility during the economic downturn by increasing the commitments available under our revolving credit facility by $381 million and issuing $3.0 billion of equity securities. our fiscal year 2020 debt and equity transactions are further discussed in notes 3 and 16 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data. we believe that given our debt ratings and our capital allocation strategy, we would have access to additional short-term and long-term capital should the need arise. we have not observed any impairments of our assets due to the covid-19 pandemic and its adverse impact on global economic activity in 2020.
as noted above, due to government restrictions and a shift in healthcare priorities, there was a significant decline in medical procedures that resulted in weakened demand for our products in our fiscal year 2020. a decline in procedure volumes across acute and non-acute settings led to a decline in demand for general medical devices. we also saw a deferral in elective procedures and delays in instrument placements relating to our medication management solutions, including pyxistm. there was also a decrease in routine diagnostic testing and specimen collections, which was offset by demand for covid-19 testing. additionally, there was a decrease in research activity due to laboratory closures, delays in clinical trial enrollment and reduced clinical testing.
during the last half of our fiscal year 2020, we noted moderate recovery in the demand for certain products, including those products that are driven by the volume of elective procedures. however, demand for our products has not yet fully recovered and due to the continued, significant uncertainty that exists relative to the duration and overall impact of the covid-19 pandemic, our future operating performance, particularly in the short-term, will be subject to volatility. the ultimate impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows is dependent on future developments, which are uncertain at this time, including:
•the degree to which covid-19 testing solutions continue to be made available and are utilized by governments, healthcare providers and institutions, retail pharmacies and the general public;
•the pace at which hospitals and clinical laboratories fully resume patient care that is not related to the covid-19 pandemic;
•the timing of when research performed by research laboratories and institutions will resume to normal operations; and
as part of our overall response to the covid-19 pandemic, we have deployed our capabilities, expertise and scale to address critical health needs related to covid-19 as follows:
•our covid-19 antigen detection test that can provide results in 15 minutes using a simple nasal swab and our portable bd veritortm plus system was approved for emergency use authorization by the u.s. food and drug administration ("fda") and received the ce marking for use in the european union.
•in addition to this immunoassay test, bd's portfolio of molecular solutions for covid-19 testing includes three other tests that have been registered for use with our bd maxtm molecular system.
•we have leveraged our category leading position as a manufacturer of needles and syringes to enter into partnerships with governments around the world to help prepare for a future covid-19 vaccination campaign.
additionally, we have been adhering to guidance provided by the who, as well as by health officials in various countries affected by the covid-19 pandemic, to protect the health and safety of bd employees while ensuring continued availability of bd's critical medical devices and technologies at this unprecedented time. we have worked closely with governmental officials to keep our manufacturing facilities (and those of our suppliers) open due to the essential nature of our products. due to our enactment of business continuity plans, we have not experienced any significant disruption to our operations and supply chain to date. we also enacted certain cost containment measures to mitigate the unfavorable impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our results of operations. such actions have included travel restrictions, temporary reductions in executive compensation, a temporary suspension of matching contributions to certain voluntary defined contribution and other benefit plans, as well as temporary work reductions for certain manufacturing teams.
•the medical segment's revenues in 2020 reflected declines in the medication delivery solutions, medication management solutions and diabetes care units that were partially offset by growth in the pharmaceutical systems unit.
•the life sciences segment's revenues in 2020 reflected growth that was driven by the integrated diagnostic solutions unit's sales related to covid-19 diagnostic testing on the bd veritortm plus and bd maxtm systems.
•interventional segment revenues in 2020 were negatively impacted by decreased demand associated with the deferral of elective medical procedures as a result of the covid-19 pandemic.
we continue to invest in research and development, geographic expansion, and new product market programs to drive further revenue and profit growth. our ability to sustain our long-term growth will depend on a number of factors, including our ability to expand our core business (including geographical expansion), develop innovative new products, and continue to improve operating efficiency and organizational effectiveness. as discussed above, current global economic conditions are highly volatile due to the covid-19 pandemic. in addition, pricing pressure exists globally which could adversely impact our businesses.
as noted above, our financial position remains strong, with cash flows from operating activities totaling $3.539 billion in 2020. at september 30, 2020, we had $2.937 billion in cash and equivalents and short-term investments, including restricted cash. we continued to return value to our shareholders in the form of dividends. during fiscal year 2020, we paid cash dividends of $1.026 billion, including $888 million paid to common shareholders and $137 million paid to preferred shareholders.
each reporting period, we face currency exposure that arises from translating the results of our worldwide operations to the u.s. dollar at exchange rates that fluctuate from the beginning of such period. a stronger u.s. dollar in 2020, compared with 2019, resulted in an unfavorable foreign currency translation impact to our revenues and earnings during 2020. we evaluate our results of operations on both a reported and a foreign currency-neutral basis, which excludes the impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. as exchange rates are an important factor in understanding period-to-period comparisons, we believe the presentation of results on a foreign currency-neutral basis in addition to reported results helps improve investors' ability to understand our operating results and evaluate our performance in comparison to prior periods. foreign currency-neutral ("fxn") information compares results between periods as if exchange rates had remained constant period-over-period. we use results on a foreign currency-neutral basis as one measure to evaluate our performance. we calculate foreign currency-neutral percentages by converting our current-period local currency financial results using the prior-period foreign currency exchange rates and comparing these adjusted amounts to our current-period results. these results should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, results reported in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"). results on a foreign currency-neutral basis, as we present them, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies and are not measures of performance presented in accordance with u.s. gaap.
results of operations medical segment the following summarizes medical revenues by organizational unit:
(a)the presentation of amounts in 2019 and 2018 reflects the reclassification of $11 million and $17 million, respectively, associated with the movement of certain products from the medication delivery solutions unit to the medication management solutions unit, which was effective on october 1, 2019.
the medical segment's revenues in 2020 reflected declines in the medication delivery solutions, medication management solutions and diabetes care units that were partially offset by growth in the pharmaceutical systems unit. the medication delivery solutions unit's revenues in 2020 reflected an unfavorable impact relating to the covid-19 pandemic due to a decline in healthcare utilization, particularly in the united states, china and europe. as expected, the medication delivery solutions unit's 2020 revenues in china were also unfavorably impacted by a new volume-based procurement process which has been adopted by several of china's provinces. the medication management solutions unit's revenues in 2020 reflected a hold on u.s. shipments of bd alaristm infusion pumps pending compliance with certain 510(k) filing requirements of the fda. this unfavorable impact was partially offset by international sales of infusion pumps and pandemic-related infusion pump orders placed in the united states with medical necessity certification. we continue to make progress on our regulatory filing related to the bd alaristm infusion pumps and we currently expect the filing to be made with the fda either at the end of the second quarter or early in the third quarter of bd's fiscal year 2021. fiscal year 2020 revenues in the diabetes care unit were unfavorably impacted by pricing pressures in the united states. the pharmaceutical systems unit's revenues in 2020 reflected continued strength in demand for prefillable products.
the medical segment's revenues in 2019 were favorably impacted by the inclusion of revenues associated with certain c.r. bard, inc. ("bard") products within the medication delivery solutions unit in the first quarter of fiscal year 2019 but not in the first quarter of the prior-year period as operating activities of bard, which was acquired on december 29, 2017, were not included in our consolidated results of operations until january 1, 2018. the medication delivery solution unit's 2019 revenues also reflected strong growth in global sales of vascular access devices. the medication management solutions unit's revenues in 2019 reflected sales growth attributable to the installations of infusion and dispensing systems, as well as growth in sales of disposables. the pharmaceutical systems unit's 2019 revenue growth was driven by sales of prefillable products and self-injection systems. strength in the diabetes care unit's sales of pen needles in emerging markets was partially offset by lower growth in u.s. sales.
as discussed in greater detail below, the medical segment's operating income in 2020 was primarily driven by a decline in gross profit margin. operating income in 2019 was driven by improved gross profit margin and operating expense performance.
•the medical segment's gross profit margin in 2020 was lower compared with 2019 which reflected a charge to record a probable estimate of future costs associated with incremental remediation efforts relating to bd alaristm infusion pumps. gross profit margin in 2020 also reflected unfavorable product mix and increased levels of manufacturing overhead costs that were recognized in the period, rather than capitalized within inventory, as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. unfavorable product mix in 2020 was also driven by the decline of sales in china due to the volume-based procurement process noted above. gross profit margin in 2020 was also lower due to charges of $41 million recorded to write down the carrying value of certain fixed assets, primarily within the medication delivery solutions and pharmaceutical systems units. these unfavorable impacts were partially offset by lower manufacturing costs resulting from continuous improvement projects which enhanced the efficiency of our operations. the medical segment's gross profit margin in 2019 was higher as compared with 2018 primarily due to lower manufacturing costs resulting from continuous improvement projects which enhanced the efficiency of our operations. additionally, the comparison of gross profit margin in 2019 with gross profit margin in 2018 reflected the unfavorable impacts in 2018 of a fair value step-up adjustment relating to bard's inventory on the acquisition date and charges to write down the value of fixed assets, primarily in the diabetes care unit. these favorable impacts to the medical segment's gross margin in 2019 were partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency translation, higher raw material costs and pricing pressures.
•selling and administrative expense as a percentage of revenues in 2020 was slightly lower compared with 2019 primarily due to lower expenses resulting from cost containment measures. selling and administrative expense as a percentage of revenues in 2019 was relatively flat compared with 2018.
•research and development expense as a percentage of revenues was higher in 2020 which reflected the decline in revenues in 2020, as well as our continued commitment to drive innovation with new products and platforms. research and development expense as a percentage of revenues was lower in 2019 compared with 2018 due to recent completion of projects and the timing of project spending.
•the medical segment's income in 2019 additionally reflected the estimated cumulative costs of a product recall of $75 million recorded within other operating expense, net. the recall related to a product component, which generally pre-dated our acquisition of carefusion in fiscal year 2015, within the medication management solutions unit's infusion systems platform.
life sciences segment the following summarizes life sciences revenues by organizational unit:
(a)effective october 1, 2019, the life sciences segment's former preanalytical systems and diagnostic systems units were joined to create the new integrated diagnostic solutions unit. additional disclosures regarding this change are provided in note 7 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
the life sciences segment's revenue growth in 2020 was driven by the integrated diagnostic solutions unit's sales related to covid-19 diagnostic testing on the bd veritortm plus and bd maxtm systems. this growth in the integrated diagnostic solutions unit was partially offset by pandemic-related declines in routine diagnostic testing and specimen collections. the biosciences unit's revenues in 2020 reflected a decline in demand for instruments and reagents as routine research and clinical lab activity slowed due to the covid-19 pandemic.
the life sciences segment's revenues in 2019 reflected continued strength in sales of the preanalytical systems unit's sales of core products in emerging markets. the diagnostic systems unit's 2019 revenues reflected growth in its bd maxtm molecular platform as well as growth in sales of core microbiology products. this sales growth in the diagnostic systems unit was partially offset by an unfavorable comparison of the unit's u.s. revenues in 2019 to revenues in 2018, as the prior-year period benefited from a more severe influenza season. revenues in the biosciences unit in 2019 reflected growth in research reagent sales, as well as growth in u.s. research instrument sales, but were unfavorably impacted by the unit's divestiture of the advanced bioprocessing business. the biosciences unit's results for 2018 included revenues associated with the advanced bioprocessing business of $106 million.
as discussed in greater detail below, the life sciences segment's operating income in 2020 reflected improved operating expense performance, partially offset by a decline in gross profit margin. operating income in 2019 was driven by improved gross profit margin and operating expense performance.
•the life sciences segment's gross profit margin as a percentage of revenues in fiscal year 2020 was lower compared with the 2019 which primarily reflected unfavorable product mix and increased levels of manufacturing overhead costs that were recognized in the period, rather than capitalized within inventory, as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. gross margin in 2020 was also unfavorably impacted by a charge of $39 million recorded to write down the carrying value of certain intangible assets in the biosciences unit and charges of $17 million recorded to write down fixed assets in the integrated diagnostic solutions unit. these unfavorable impacts were partially offset by a favorable impact on product mix from the integrated diagnostic solutions unit's sales related to covid-19 testing. the life sciences segment's gross profit margin as a percentage of revenues in fiscal year 2019 was relatively flat compared with gross margin in 2018. gross margin in 2019 was favorably impacted by lower manufacturing costs resulting from continuous improvement projects which enhanced the efficiency of our operations, as well as by the unfavorable prior-year impact of the biosciences unit's write-down of certain intangible and other assets. these favorable impacts to gross margin in 2019 were offset by unfavorable foreign currency translation and higher raw material costs.
•selling and administrative expense as a percentage of life sciences revenues in 2020 was lower compared to 2019 primarily due to the increase in revenues that was attributable to covid-19 testing. lower selling and administrative expense as a percentage of revenues in 2020 was also the result of expense synergies realized from the combination of the preanalytical systems and diagnostic systems units, as noted above, and lower expenses resulting from cost containment measures. selling and administrative expense as a percentage of life sciences revenues in 2019 was lower compared to 2018 primarily due to reduced general and administrative spending.
•research and development expense as a percentage of revenues in 2020 was flat compared with 2019 as the increase in revenues that was attributable to covid-19 testing was largely offset by investments in covid-19 testing solutions. research and development expense as a percentage of revenues in 2019 was lower compared with 2018 primarily due to the biosciences unit's recognition of write-downs in the prior-year period and also due to the timing of project spending.
interventional segment the following summarizes interventional revenues by organizational unit:
urology and critical care (a)           1,130                    1,110                     777      1.8                 %                (0.2)     %                  2.0     %               43.0    %                (1.4)     %                 44.4     %
(a)the presentation of amounts in 2019 and 2018 reflects the reclassification of $185 million and $194 million, respectively, associated with the movement of certain products from the surgery unit and the urology and critical care unit to the peripheral intervention unit, which was effective on october 1, 2019.
the interventional segment's revenues in 2020, particularly within the surgery and peripheral intervention units, were negatively impacted by decreased demand associated with the deferral of elective medical procedures as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. pandemic-related revenue declines in the urology and critical care unit were offset by demand for the unit's home care and targeted temperature management businesses.
the interventional segment's revenues in 2019 were favorably impacted by the inclusion of revenues associated with bard's products in the segment's results for the first quarter of fiscal year 2019, as noted above. interventional segment revenues in 2019 also reflected growth in the urology and critical care unit's sales of acute urology products and sales by the unit's home care and targeted temperature management businesses. fiscal year 2019 revenues in the surgery unit reflected growth in sales of the unit's biosurgery and infection prevention products. the peripheral intervention unit's 2019 revenues reflected growth in emerging market sales. this growth was partially offset by an unfavorable impact related to a letter issued in march 2019 by the fda to healthcare professionals regarding the use of paclitaxel-coated devices in the treatment of peripheral artery disease, which impacted sales of our drug-coated balloon products.
as discussed in greater detail below, the interventional segment's operating income in 2020 was primarily driven by a decline in gross profit margin. operating income in 2019 was driven by improved gross profit margin and operating expense performance.
•gross profit margin was lower in 2020 as compared with 2019 primarily due to unfavorable product mix and increased levels of manufacturing overhead costs that were recognized in the period, rather than capitalized within inventory, as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. gross profit margin was higher in 2019 as compared with 2018 primarily due to the unfavorable prior-year impact of recognizing a fair value step-up adjustment relating to bard's inventory on the acquisition date and lower manufacturing costs resulting from continuous improvement projects, which enhanced the efficiency of our operations, and synergy initiatives. these favorable impacts to the interventional segment's gross margin were partially offset by unfavorable product mix and unfavorable foreign currency translation.
•selling and administrative expense as a percentage of revenues in 2020 was lower compared with 2019 primarily due to lower expenses resulting from cost containment measures. selling and administrative expense as a percentage of revenues in 2019 was relatively flat compared with 2018.
•lower research and development expense as a percentage of revenues in 2020 as compared with 2019 primarily reflected the prior-period impact of a write-down recorded by the surgery unit. this write-down drove higher research and development expense as a percentage of revenues in 2019 as compared with 2018.
•the interventional segment's lower income in 2020 additionally reflected the expiration in 2019 of a royalty income stream acquired in the bard transaction.
(millions of dollars)                  2020   2019                    2018                           total                  estimated                 fxn change                   total                  estimated                 fxn change change                         fx                                             change                         fx impact                                                                        impact united states                    $9,716                   $9,730                  $8,768        (0.1)    %                    -                      (0.1)     %               11.0    %                    -                       11.0     %
u.s. revenues in 2020 were relatively flat compared with 2019 as the life sciences segment's integrated diagnostic solutions unit's sales related to covid-19 diagnostic testing largely offset the declines noted above for the medical segment's medication management solutions and medication delivery solutions units, as well as for the interventional segment's surgery and peripheral intervention units.
u.s. revenues in 2019 reflected growth in all three segments. u.s. revenues in 2019 were favorably impacted by the inclusion of revenues associated with bard's products in results for the first quarter of fiscal year 2019, as noted above. revenue growth in 2019 was also attributable to sales in the medical segment's medication management solutions unit as well as to sales in the interventional segment's urology and critical care and surgery units. u.s. revenue growth in 2019 was unfavorably impacted by results in the medical segment's diabetes care unit, the life sciences segment's diagnostic systems unit and the interventional segment's peripheral intervention unit, as previously noted in the discussions above.
international revenues in 2020 were favorably impacted by sales in the medical segment's pharmaceutical systems and medication management solutions units as well as by sales in the life sciences segment's integrated diagnostic solutions unit, as discussed further above. international revenues in 2020 were unfavorably impacted by revenue declines in china and europe for the medical segment's medication delivery solutions unit, as previously discussed.
international revenue growth in 2019 reflected growth in all three segments. international revenues in 2019 were favorably impacted by the inclusion of revenues associated with bard's products in results for the first quarter of fiscal year 2019, as noted above. fiscal year 2019 international revenue growth was also driven by sales in the medical segment's medication delivery solutions and pharmaceutical systems units as well as by sales in the life sciences segment's diagnostic systems and preanalytical systems units.
emerging market revenues were $2.42 billion, $2.71 billion and $2.53 billion in 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted emerging market revenues in 2020 and 2019 by an estimated $100 million and $155 million, respectively. revenues in emerging markets in 2020 were unfavorably impacted by a decline in healthcare utilization as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. as previously discussed above, revenues in our medication delivery solutions unit were also unfavorably impacted by a new volume-based procurement process which has been adopted by several of china's provinces. to date, the impact of these procurement initiatives to our revenues in china has been limited to our medication delivery solutions unit. emerging market revenue growth in 2019 was favorably impacted by the inclusion of revenues associated with bard's products in our results for the first quarter of fiscal year 2019, as noted above. underlying growth in 2019 was particularly driven by sales in china and ema.
specified items reflected in the financial results for 2020, 2019 and 2018 were the following specified items:
transaction gain/loss, product and other litigation-related matters (d)             631                      646                       -
european regulatory initiative-related costs (f)                                    106                       51                       -
total specified items                                                             2,510                    2,749                   2,409
less: tax impact of specified items and tax reform (g)                              395                      622                   (265)
after-tax impact of specified items                                              $2,114                   $2,127                  $2,674
(a)represents integration, restructuring and transaction costs, recorded in acquisitions and other restructurings, which are further discussed below.
(b)represents financing impacts associated with the bard acquisition, which were recorded in interest income and interest expense.
(c)includes amortization and other adjustments related to the purchase accounting for acquisitions impacting identified intangible assets and valuation of fixed assets and debt. bd's amortization expense is primarily recorded in cost of products sold. the amount in 2018 also included fair value step-up adjustments of $478 million relating to bard's inventory on the acquisition date.
(d)includes amounts recorded to other operating expense, net to record product liability reserves, including related legal defense costs, as further discussed below. the amount in 2020 also includes net charges, which were recorded to cost of products sold and other income, net, related to the estimates of probable future product remediation costs. additional items recorded to other operating expense, net in
2019 included the estimated cumulative costs of a product recall, as well as the pre-tax gain related to bd's sale of its advanced bioprocessing business.
(e)the amounts in 2020, 2019 and 2018 included total charges of $98 million, $30 million and $139 million, respectively, recorded in cost of products sold and research and development expense to write down the carrying value of certain assets, as previously noted in the segment operating income discussions above. the amount in 2019 also included an unrealized gain of $13 million recorded within other income, net relating to an investment. the amount in 2018 also included a net income amount of $303 million recorded to other income, net related to bd's sale of its non-controlling interest in vyaire medical.
(f)represents costs required to develop processes and systems to comply with emerging regulations such as the european union medical device regulation ("eumdr") and general data protection regulation ("gdpr"). these costs were recorded in cost of products sold and research and development expense.
(g)the amounts in 2019 and 2018 included additional tax (benefit) expense, net, of $(50) million and $640 million, respectively relating to new u.s. tax legislation which is further discussed in note 17 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
gross profit margin the comparison of gross profit margins in 2020 and 2019 and the comparison of gross profit margins in 2019 and 2018 reflected the following impacts:
gross profit margin % prior-year period                                                         47.9   %               45.5   %
impact of purchase accounting adjustments, asset write-downs and other specified items         (2.0)   %                2.9   %
gross profit margin % current-year period                                                       44.3   %               47.9   %
the impacts of purchase accounting adjustments and other specified items include the following:
•the impact in 2020 includes a net full-year charge of $244 million to record a probable estimate of future costs within the medication management solutions unit associated with remediation efforts related to bd alaristm infusion pumps. based on the course of our remediation efforts, it is possible that this estimate could change over time. any remediation actions will continue to be guided by our proactive commitment to patient safety and we will work closely with our customers to minimize the disruption of patient care.
•the impact in 2020 also includes $59 million of charges that were recorded to write down the carrying value of certain fixed assets in the medical and life sciences segments, as discussed further above, and a $39 million charge to write down the carrying value of certain intangible assets in the biosciences unit.
•the impact of purchase accounting adjustments and other specified items in 2019 was favorable due to a comparison to 2018, which included the recognition of fair value step-up adjustments relating to bard's inventory on the acquisition date, as well as write-downs of certain assets in the biosciences and diabetes care units in 2018 as further discussed above.
operating performance in 2020 primarily reflected unfavorable product mix and increased levels of manufacturing overhead costs that were recognized in the period, rather than capitalized within inventory, as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. the higher levels of manufacturing overhead costs incurred in the current-year periods were driven, to a large extent, by the impact of lower plant utilization in our highly automated manufacturing sites. these unfavorable impacts to operating performance were partially offset by the favorable impact on product mix from the integrated diagnostic solutions unit's sales related to covid-19 testing, as further discussed above, as well as by lower manufacturing costs resulting from continuous operations improvement projects and synergy initiatives.
the operating performance impact in 2019 reflected lower manufacturing costs resulting from the continuous improvement projects and synergy initiatives, as well as the favorable impact of bard on product mix. operating performance in 2019 was unfavorably impacted by higher raw material costs and unfavorable product mix.
acquisitions and other restructurings                      $309                     $480                     $740
selling and administrative slightly higher selling and administrative expense as a percentage of revenues in 2020 compared with 2019 reflected the decline in revenues in 2020, higher shipping costs as a result of expedited shipments relating to covid-19, as well as $25 million of funding for the bd foundation. these unfavorable impacts were partially offset by lower selling expenses and favorable foreign currency translation. selling and administrative spending in 2020 reflected our ongoing focus on disciplined spending and the achievement of cost synergies resulting from our acquisition of bard, as well as cost containment measures we enacted to mitigate the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our results of operations. selling and administrative expense as a percentage of revenues in 2019 was flat compared with 2018 as higher revenues and the achievement of cost synergies offset the impact of higher selling and general administrative costs attributable to bard, which had a higher selling and administrative spending profile than bd, in our results for the first quarter of fiscal year 2019, as noted above.
research and development research and development expense as a percentage of revenues in 2020 was higher compared with 2019 primarily due to investments in compliance with emerging regulations and investments in covid-19 testing solutions, as further discussed above. research and development expense as a percentage of revenues in 2019 was relatively flat compared with 2018. spending in 2020, 2019 and 2018 reflected our continued commitment to invest in new products and platforms. as further discussed above, expenses in 2019 included certain write-down charges in the surgery unit and expenses in 2018 included write-down charges in the biosciences unit.
acquisitions and other restructurings costs relating to acquisitions and other restructurings in 2020 and 2019 largely represented integration and restructuring costs incurred due to our acquisition of bard in the first quarter of fiscal year 2018. restructuring costs in 2020 also included costs related to simplification and other cost saving initiatives. costs relating to acquisitions and other restructurings in 2018 also included integration and restructuring costs related to our fiscal year 2015 carefusion acquisition and portfolio rationalization initiatives. for further disclosures regarding the costs relating to acquisitions and other restructurings, refer to notes 10 and 12 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
other operating expense, net other operating expense in 2020 primarily represents charges of $378 million to record product liability reserves, including related legal defense costs. net other operating expense in 2019 included charges of approximately $914 million relating to product liability matters, a charge to record the estimated cost of $75
million relating to a product recall in the medical segment, as further discussed above, and a pre-tax gain of $336 million recognized on bd's sale of its advanced bioprocessing business. additional disclosures regarding the product liability matters and divestiture transaction are provided in notes 5 and 11, respectively, to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
lower interest expense in 2020 and 2019 compared with the prior-year periods reflected debt repayments during fiscal year 2019, as well as lower overall interest rates on debt outstanding as a result of refinancing activities. the decrease in interest expense in 2019 compared with 2018 also reflected higher fees incurred in 2018 to draw from a term loan facility we entered in september 2018. additional disclosures regarding our financing arrangements and debt instruments are provided in note 16 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
the decrease in interest income in 2019 compared with 2018 reflected higher levels of cash on hand in the first quarter of fiscal year 2018 in anticipation of closing the bard acquisition at the end of the quarter.
impact, in basis points, from specified items and tax reform           (320)                  (1,920)                  5,680
the impact from specified items in 2020 was less favorable compared with the benefit associated with specified items in 2019. the effective income tax rate in 2019 reflected a favorable impact relating to the timing of certain discrete items, as well as the recognition of $50 million of tax benefit recorded for the impacts of u.s. tax legislation that was enacted in december 2017, compared with additional tax expense of $640 million that was recognized as a result of this legislation in 2018. for further disclosures regarding our accounting for this u.s. tax legislation, refer to note 17 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
unfavorable impact-specified items                                $(7.49)                 $(7.74)                    $(10.11)
the dilutive impact from share issuances in 2018 represents the impact of bd shares issued in connection with the bard acquisition. our equity transactions and the bard acquisition are further discussed in notes 3 and 10 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
financial instrument market risk we selectively use financial instruments to manage market risk, primarily foreign currency exchange risk and interest rate risk relating to our ongoing business operations. the counterparties to these contracts are highly rated financial institutions. we do not enter into financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes.
foreign exchange risk bd and its subsidiaries transact business in various foreign currencies throughout europe, greater asia, canada and latin america. we face foreign currency exposure from the effect of fluctuating exchange rates on payables and receivables relating to transactions that are denominated in currencies other than our functional currency. these payables and receivables primarily arise from intercompany transactions. we hedge substantially all such exposures, primarily through the use of forward contracts. we also face currency exposure that arises from translating the results of our worldwide operations, including sales, to the u.s. dollar at exchange rates that have fluctuated from the beginning of a reporting period. from time to time, we may purchase forward contracts and options to hedge certain forecasted transactions that are denominated in foreign currencies in order to partially protect against a reduction in the value of future earnings resulting from adverse foreign exchange rate movements. gains or losses on derivative instruments are largely offset by the gains or losses on the underlying hedged transactions. we did not enter into contracts to hedge cash flows against foreign currency fluctuations in fiscal year 2020 or 2019.
derivative financial instruments are recorded on our balance sheet at fair value. for foreign currency derivatives, market risk is determined by calculating the impact on fair value of an assumed change in foreign exchange rates relative to the u.s. dollar. fair values were estimated based upon observable inputs, specifically spot currency rates and foreign currency prices for similar assets and liabilities.
with respect to the foreign currency derivative instruments outstanding at september 30, 2020 and 2019, the impact that changes in the u.s. dollar would have on pre-tax earnings was estimated as follows:
interest rate risk when managing interest rate exposures, we strive to achieve an appropriate balance between fixed and floating rate instruments. we may enter into interest rate swaps to help maintain this balance and manage debt and interest-bearing investments in tandem, since these items have an offsetting impact on interest rate exposure. for interest rate derivative instruments, fair values are measured based upon the present value of expected future cash flows using market-based observable inputs including credit risk and interest rate yield curves. market risk for these instruments is determined by calculating the impact to fair value of an assumed change in interest rates across all maturities.
liquidity and capital resources the following table summarizes our consolidated statement of cash flows in 2020, 2019 and 2018:
operating activities                        $3,539                $3,330                    $2,865
investing activities                      $(1,232)                $(741)                    $(15,733)
financing activities                           $22                $(3,223)                  $(58)
net cash flows from operating activities cash flows from operating activities in 2020 reflected net income, adjusted by a change in operating assets and liabilities that was a net source of cash. this net source of cash primarily reflected higher levels of accounts payable and accrued expenses and lower levels of prepaid expenses, partially offset by higher levels of inventory and trade receivables.
cash flows from operating activities in 2019 reflected net income, adjusted by a change in operating assets and liabilities that was a net use of cash. this net use of cash primarily reflected lower levels of accounts payable and accrued expenses and higher levels of inventory, partially offset by lower levels of prepaid expenses. the lower levels of accounts payable and accrued expenses were primarily attributable to cash paid related to income taxes and our product liability matters, as well as the timing and amount of interest payments due in the period. cash flows from operating activities in 2019 additionally reflected $200 million of discretionary cash contributions to fund our pension obligation.
cash flows from operating activities in 2018 reflected net income, adjusted by a change in operating assets and liabilities that was a net source of cash. this net source of cash primarily reflected higher levels of accounts payable and accrued expenses, primarily due to higher income taxes payable as a result of new u.s. tax legislation , as well as lower levels of inventory, partially offset by higher levels of trade receivables. the change in cash flows from operating activities in 2018 also reflected a change to deferred tax asset and liability balances which were remeasured under new tax legislation, which is further discussed in note 17 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data. the change in cash flows from operating activities in 2018 additionally reflected discretionary cash contributions of $287 million to fund our pension obligation.
net cash flows from investing activities capital expenditures our investments in capital expenditures are focused on projects that enhance our cost structure and manufacturing capabilities, and support our strategy of geographic expansion with select investments in growing markets. capital expenditures of $810 million, $957 million and $895 million in 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively, primarily related to manufacturing capacity expansions. details of spending by segment are contained in note 7 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
acquisitions cash outflows for acquisitions in 2020 primarily reflected our acquisition of straub medical ag in the third quarter of 2020. cash outflows for acquisitions in 2018 primarily related to our acquisition of bard. for further discussion regarding the bard acquisition, refer to note 10 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
divestitures cash inflows relating to divestitures in 2019 and 2018 were $477 million and $534 million, respectively. for further discussion, refer to note 11 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
net cash flows from financing activities net cash from financing activities in 2020, 2019 and 2018 included the following significant cash flows:
change in credit facility borrowings               $(485)                     $485                      $-
proceeds from issuances of equity securities       $2,917                     $-                        $-
additional disclosures regarding the equity and debt-related financing activities detailed above are provided in notes 3 and 16 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
debt-related activities certain measures relating to our total debt were as follows:
total debt as a percentage of total capital (a)            41.3   %                 45.6   %                 47.8   %
(a) represents shareholders' equity, net non-current deferred income tax liabilities, and debt.
the decreases in our total debt at september 30, 2020 and september 30, 2019 reflected repayments and redemptions of certain notes, partially offset by issuances of long-term notes in 2020 and 2019. additional disclosures regarding our debt instruments are provided in note 16 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
cash and short-term investments at september 30, 2020, total worldwide cash and short-term investments were $2.937 billion, including restricted cash, which were largely held in the united states.
financing facilities we have a five-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility in place which will expire in december 2022. the facility agreement includes a provision that enabled bd, subject to additional commitments made by the lenders, to access up to an additional $500 million in financing through the facility for a maximum aggregate commitment of $2.75 billion. in april 2020, we entered into a supplement to the facility agreement which increased the revolving commitments available under the facility by $381 million. as such, borrowings provided for under the agreement increased from $2.25 billion to $2.63 billion. we are also able to issue up to $100 million in letters of credit under this revolving credit facility. we use proceeds from this facility to fund general corporate needs. there were no borrowings outstanding under the revolving credit facility at september 30, 2020.
the agreement for our revolving credit facility and the supplement entered into in april 2020 contained the following financial covenants. we were in compliance with these covenants as of september 30, 2020.
◦6-to-1 from the closing date of the bard acquisition until and including the first fiscal quarter-end thereafter;
in march 2020, we entered into a 364-day senior unsecured term loan facility with borrowing capacity available of $2.0 billion. during the third quarter of fiscal year 2020, we repaid $1.9 billion of borrowings outstanding under this term loan with cash on hand and terminated the facility. we also have informal lines of credit outside the united states. we may, from time to time, access the commercial paper market as we manage working capital over the normal course of our business activities. we had no commercial paper borrowings outstanding as of september 30, 2020. also over the normal course of our business activities, we transfer certain trade receivable assets to third parties under factoring agreements. additional disclosures regarding these sales of trade receivable assets are provided in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
access to capital and credit ratings our corporate credit ratings with the rating agencies standard & poor's ratings services ("s&p"), moody's investor service (moody's) and fitch ratings ("fitch") were as follows at september 30, 2020:
s&amp;p        moody's        fitch ratings:
commercial paper              a-2            np outlook                       negative       positive       stable in march 2020, standard & poor's ratings services affirmed our september 30, 2019 ratings and revised the agency's outlook regarding the likely direction of these ratings from stable to negative.
lower corporate debt ratings and further downgrades of our corporate credit ratings or other credit ratings may increase our cost of borrowing. we believe that given our debt ratings, our financial management policies, our ability to generate cash flow and the non-cyclical, geographically diversified nature of our businesses, we would have access to additional short-term and long-term capital should the need arise. a rating reflects only the view of a rating agency and is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. ratings can be revised upward or downward at any time by a rating agency if such rating agency decides that circumstances warrant such a change.
contractual obligations in the normal course of business, we enter into contracts and commitments that obligate us to make payments in the future. the table below sets forth bd's significant contractual obligations and related scheduled payments as of september 30, 2020:
unrecognized tax benefits (c)               -                        -                       -                         -                 -
(b)purchase obligations are for purchases made in the normal course of business to meet operational and capital requirements.
(c)unrecognized tax benefits at september 30, 2020 of $620 million were all long-term in nature. due to the uncertainty related to the timing of the reversal of these tax positions, the related liability has been excluded from the table.
(d)required funding obligations for 2021 relating to pension and other postretirement benefit plans are not expected to be material.
critical accounting policies the following discussion supplements the descriptions of our accounting policies contained in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data. the preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires management to use estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, as well as the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements. some of those judgments can be subjective and complex and, consequently, actual results could differ from those estimates. management bases its estimates and judgments on historical experience and on various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. for any given estimate or assumption made by management, it is possible that other people applying reasonable judgment to the same facts and circumstances could develop different estimates. actual results that differ from management's estimates could have an unfavorable effect on our consolidated financial statements. management believes the following critical accounting policies reflect the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements:
revenue recognition our revenues are primarily recognized when the customer obtains control of the product sold, which is generally upon shipment or delivery, depending on the delivery terms specified in the sales agreement. revenues associated with certain instruments and equipment for which installation is complex, and therefore significantly affects the customer's ability to use and benefit from the product, are recognized when customer acceptance of these installed products has been confirmed. for certain service arrangements, including extended warranty and software maintenance contracts, revenue is recognized ratably over the contract term. the majority of revenues relating to extended warranty contracts associated with certain instruments and equipment is generally recognized within a few years whereas deferred revenue relating to software maintenance contracts is generally recognized over a longer period.
our agreements with customers within certain organizational units including medication management solutions, integrated diagnostic solutions and biosciences, contain multiple performance obligations including both products and certain services noted above. determining whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately may require judgment. the transaction price for these agreements is allocated to each performance obligation based upon its relative standalone selling price. standalone selling price is the amount at which we would sell a promised good or service separately to a customer. we generally estimate standalone selling prices using list prices and a consideration of typical discounts offered to customers. the use of alternative estimates could result in a different amount of revenue deferral.
our gross revenues are subject to a variety of deductions, which include rebates and sales discounts. these deductions represent estimates of the related obligations and judgment is required when determining the impact on gross revenues for a reporting period. additional factors considered in the estimate of our rebate liability include the quantification of inventory that is either in stock at or in transit to our distributors, as well as the estimated lag time between the sale of product and the payment of corresponding rebates.
impairment of assets goodwill assets are subject to impairment reviews at least annually, or whenever indicators of impairment arise. intangible assets with finite lives, including developed technology, and other long-lived assets, are periodically reviewed for impairment when impairment indicators are present.
we assess goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is defined as an operating segment or one level below an operating segment, referred to as a component. our reporting units generally represent one level below reporting segments. potential impairment of goodwill is generally identified by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying value. our annual goodwill impairment test performed on july 1, 2020 did not result in any impairment charges, as the fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its carrying value.
we generally use the income approach to derive the fair value for impairment assessments. this approach calculates fair value by estimating future cash flows attributable to the assets and then discounting these cash flows to a present value using a risk-adjusted discount rate. we selected this method because we believe the income approach most appropriately measures the value of our income producing assets. this approach requires significant management judgment with respect to future volume, revenue and expense growth rates, changes in working capital use, appropriate discount rates, terminal values and other assumptions and estimates. the estimates and assumptions used are consistent with bd's business plans. the use of alternative estimates and assumptions could increase or decrease the estimated fair value of the asset. actual results may differ from management's estimates.
income taxes bd maintains valuation allowances where it is more likely than not that all or a portion of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. changes in valuation allowances are included in our tax provision in the period of change. in determining whether a valuation allowance is warranted, management evaluates factors such as prior earnings history, expected future earnings, carry back and carry forward periods, and tax strategies that could potentially enhance the likelihood of realization of a deferred tax asset.
bd conducts business and files tax returns in numerous countries and currently has tax audits in progress in a number of tax jurisdictions. in evaluating the exposure associated with various tax filing positions, we record accruals for uncertain tax positions based on the technical support for the positions, our past audit experience with similar situations, and the potential interest and penalties related to the matters. bd's effective tax rate in any given period could be impacted if, upon resolution with taxing authorities, we prevailed in positions for which reserves have been established, or we were required to pay amounts in excess of established reserves.
we have reviewed our needs in the united states for possible repatriation of undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries and we continue to invest foreign subsidiaries earnings outside of the united states to fund foreign investments or meet foreign working capital and property, plant and equipment expenditure needs. as a result, we are permanently reinvested with respect to all of our historical foreign earnings as of september 30, 2020. additional disclosures regarding our accounting for income taxes are provided in note 17 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
contingencies we are involved, both as a plaintiff and a defendant, in various legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business, including, without limitation, product liability and environmental matters, as further discussed in note 5 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data. we assess the likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes to these matters as well as potential ranges of probable losses. we establish accruals to the extent probable future losses are estimable (in the case of environmental matters, without considering possible third-party recoveries). a determination of the amount of accruals for these contingencies is made after careful analysis of each individual matter. when appropriate, the accrual is developed with the consultation of outside counsel and, as in the case of certain mass tort litigation, the expertise of an actuarial specialist regarding the nature, timing and extent of each matter. the accruals may change in the future due to new developments in each matter or changes in our litigation strategy. we record expected recoveries from product liability insurance carriers or other parties when realization of recovery is deemed probable.
given the uncertain nature of litigation generally, we are not able in all cases to estimate the amount or range of loss that could result from an unfavorable outcome of the litigation to which we are a party. in view of these uncertainties, we could incur charges in excess of any currently established accruals and, to the extent available, liability insurance. in the opinion of management, any such future charges, individually or in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on bd's consolidated results of operations and consolidated net cash flows.
benefit plans we have significant net pension and other postretirement and postemployment benefit obligations that are measured using actuarial valuations which include assumptions for the discount rate and the expected return on plan assets. these assumptions have a significant effect on the amounts reported. in addition to the analysis below, see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for additional discussion.
the discount rate is selected each year based on investment grade bonds and other factors as of the measurement date (september 30). specifically for the u.s. pension plan, we will use a discount rate of 2.80% for 2021, which was based on an actuarially-determined, company-specific yield curve to measure liabilities as of the measurement date. to calculate the pension expense in 2021, we will apply the individual spot rates along the yield curve that correspond with the timing of each future cash outflow for benefit payments in order to calculate interest cost and service cost. additional disclosures regarding the method to be used in calculating the interest cost and service cost components of pension expense for 2021 are provided in note 9 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data. the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption, although reviewed each year, changes less frequently due to the long-term nature of the assumption. this assumption does not impact the measurement of assets or liabilities as of the measurement date; rather, it is used only in the calculation of pension expense. to determine the expected long-term rate of return on pension plan assets, we consider many factors, including our historical assumptions compared with actual results; benchmark data; expected returns on various plan asset classes, as well as current and expected asset allocations. we will use a long-term expected rate of return on plan assets assumption of 6.25% for the u.s. pension plan in 2021. we believe our discount rate and expected long-term rate of return on plan assets assumptions are appropriate based upon the above factors.
sensitivity to changes in key assumptions for our u.s. pension and other postretirement and postemployment plans are as follows:
•discount rate - a change of plus (minus) 25 basis points, with other assumptions held constant, would have an estimated $12 million favorable (unfavorable) impact on the total u.s. net pension and other postretirement and postemployment benefit plan costs. this estimate assumes no change in the shape or steepness of the company-specific yield curve used to plot the individual spot rates that will be applied to the future cash outflows for future benefit payments in order to calculate interest and service cost.
•expected return on plan assets - a change of plus (minus) 25 basis points, with other assumptions held constant, would have an estimated $5 million favorable (unfavorable) impact on u.s. pension plan costs.
cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements this report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. bd and its representatives may also, from time to time, make certain forward-looking statements in publicly released materials, both written and oral, including statements contained in filings with the securities and exchange commission, press releases, and our reports to shareholders. forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as "plan," "expect," "believe," "intend," "will,", "may", "anticipate," "estimate" and other words of similar meaning in conjunction with, among other things, discussions of future operations and financial performance (including volume growth, pricing, sales and earnings per share growth, and cash flows) and statements regarding our strategy for growth, future product development, regulatory approvals, competitive position and expenditures. all statements that address our future operating performance or events or developments that we expect or anticipate will occur in the future are forward-looking statements.
the following are some important factors that could cause our actual results to differ from our expectations in any forward-looking statements. for further discussion of certain of these factors, see item 1a. risk factors in this report.
•any impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our business, including, without limitation, continued decreases in the demand for our products or disruptions to our operations and our supply chain, and factors that could impact the demand and pricing for our covid-19 diagnostics testing.
•weakness in the global economy and financial markets, which could increase the cost of operating our business, weaken demand for our products and services, negatively impact the prices we can charge for our products and services, or impair our ability to produce our products.
•competitive factors that could adversely affect our operations, including new product introductions and technologies (for example, new forms of drug delivery) by our current or future competitors, consolidation or strategic alliances among healthcare companies, distributors and/or payers of healthcare to improve their competitive position or develop new models for the delivery of healthcare, increased pricing pressure due to the impact of low-cost manufacturers, patents attained by competitors (particularly as patents on our products expire), new entrants into our markets and changes in the practice of medicine.
•risks relating to the significant additional indebtedness we incurred in connection with the financing of the bard acquisition and the impact it may have on our ability to operate the combined company.
•our ability to achieve our projected level or mix of product sales, as our earnings forecasts are based on projected sales volumes and pricing of many product types, some of which are more profitable than others.
•cost containment efforts in the u.s. or in other countries in which we do business, such as alternative payment reform and increased use of competitive bidding and tenders, including, without limitation, any expansion of the volume-based procurement process in china.
•increases in operating costs, including fluctuations in the cost and availability of oil-based resins and other raw materials, as well as certain components, used in our products, the ability to maintain favorable supplier arrangements and relationships (particularly with respect to sole-source suppliers), and the potential adverse effects of any disruption in the availability of such items.
•security breaches of our information systems or our products, which could impair our ability to conduct business, result in the loss of bd trade secrets or otherwise compromise sensitive information of bd or its customers, suppliers and other business partners, or of customers' patients, or result in product efficacy or safety concerns for certain of our products, and result in actions by regulatory bodies or civil litigation.
•difficulties inherent in product development, including the potential inability to successfully continue technological innovation, successfully complete clinical trials, obtain regulatory approvals in the united states and abroad, obtain intellectual property protection for our products, obtain coverage and adequate reimbursement for new products, or gain and maintain market approval of products, as well as the possibility of infringement claims by competitors with respect to patents or other intellectual property rights, all of which can preclude or delay commercialization of a product. delays in obtaining necessary approvals or clearances from united states food and drug administration ("fda") or other regulatory agencies or changes in the regulatory process may also delay product launches and increase development costs.
•the impact of business combinations or divestitures, including any volatility in earnings relating to acquisition-related costs, and our ability to successfully integrate any business we may acquire.
•our ability to penetrate or expand our operations in emerging markets, which depends on local economic and political conditions, and how well we are able to make necessary infrastructure enhancements to production facilities and distribution networks.
•conditions in international markets, including social and political conditions, civil unrest, terrorist activity, governmental changes, restrictions on the ability to transfer capital across borders, tariffs and other protectionist measures, difficulties in protecting and enforcing our intellectual property rights and governmental expropriation of assets. this includes the possible impact of the united kingdom's exit from the european union ("eu"), which has created uncertainties affecting our business operations in the united kingdom and the eu, and possibly other countries. our international operations also increase our compliance risks, including risks under the foreign corrupt practices act and other anti-corruption laws, as well as regulatory and privacy laws.
•deficit reduction efforts or other actions that reduce the availability of government funding for healthcare and research, which could weaken demand for our products and result in additional pricing pressures, as well as create potential collection risks associated with such sales.
•fluctuations in university or u.s. and international governmental funding and policies for life sciences research.
•fluctuations in the demand for products we sell to pharmaceutical companies that are used to manufacture, or are sold with, the products of such companies, as a result of funding constraints, consolidation or otherwise.
•the effects of weather, regulatory or other events that adversely impact our supply chain, including our ability to manufacture our products (particularly where production of a product line or sterilization operations are concentrated in one or more plants), source materials or components or services from suppliers (including sole-source suppliers) that are needed for such manufacturing (including sterilization), or provide products to our customers, including events that impact key distributors.
•natural disasters (including pandemics), war, terrorism, labor disruptions and international conflicts that could cause significant economic disruption and political and social instability, resulting in decreased demand for our products, adversely affect our manufacturing and distribution capabilities, or cause interruptions in our supply chain.
•pending and potential future litigation or other proceedings asserting, and/or subpoenas seeking information with respect to, alleged violations of law (including in connection with federal and/or state healthcare programs (such as medicare or medicaid) and/or sales and marketing practices (such as investigative subpoenas and the civil investigative demands received by bd and bard)), antitrust claims, securities law claims, product liability (which may involve lawsuits seeking class action status or seeking to establish multi-district litigation proceedings, including claims relating to our hernia repair implant products, surgical continence products for women and vena cava filter products), claims with respect to environmental matters, and patent infringement, and the availability or collectability of insurance relating to any such claims.
•new or changing laws and regulations affecting our domestic and foreign operations, or changes in enforcement practices, including laws relating to trade, monetary and fiscal policies, taxation (including tax reforms that could adversely impact multinational corporations), sales practices, environmental protection, price controls, and licensing and regulatory requirements for new products and products in the postmarketing phase. in particular, the u.s. and other countries may impose new requirements regarding registration, labeling or prohibited materials that may require us to re-register products already on the market or otherwise impact our ability to market our products. environmental laws, particularly with respect to the emission of greenhouse gases, are also becoming more stringent throughout the world, which may increase our costs of operations or necessitate changes in our manufacturing plants or processes or those of our suppliers, or result in liability to bd.
•product efficacy or safety concerns regarding our products resulting in product holds or recalls, regulatory action on the part of the fda or foreign counterparts (including restrictions on future product clearances and civil penalties), declining sales and product liability claims, and damage to our reputation. as a result of the carefusion acquisition, we are operating under a consent decree with the fda relating to our u.s. infusion pump business. the consent decree authorizes the fda, in the event of any violations in the future, to order us to cease manufacturing and distributing products, recall products or take other actions, and we may be required to pay significant monetary damages if we fail to comply with any provision of the consent decree. we are undertaking remediation of our bd alaris system and cannot fully commercialize the product until a 510(k) filing has been submitted and cleared by the fda. no assurances can be given as to when clearance of the submission will be obtained from the fda.
•the effect of adverse media exposure or other publicity regarding bd's business or operations, including the effect on bd's reputation or demand for its products.
•the effect of market fluctuations on the value of assets in bd's pension plans and on actuarial interest rate and asset return assumptions, which could require bd to make additional contributions to the plans or increase our pension plan expense.
•our ability to obtain the anticipated benefits of restructuring programs, if any, that we may undertake.
•issuance of new or revised accounting standards by the financial accounting standards board or the securities and exchange commission.
the foregoing list sets forth many, but not all, of the factors that could impact our ability to achieve results described in any forward-looking statements. investors should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors and should not consider this list to be a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties.