item 1a. risk factors you should carefully consider the risks described below in addition to the other information set forth in this annual report on form 10-k, including the management's discussion and analysis of financial conditions and results of operations section and the consolidated financial statements and related notes. if any of the risks and uncertainties described below actually occur or continue to occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations, and the trading price of our common stock could be materially and adversely affected. the risks and uncertainties described below are those that we have identified as material but are not the only risks and uncertainties we face. our business is also subject to general risks and uncertainties that affect many other companies, including, but not limited to, overall economic and industry conditions and additional risks not currently known to us or that we presently deem immaterial may arise or become material and may negatively impact our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations or the trading price of our common stock.
food safety is our top priority, and we dedicate appropriate resources to ensuring that our guests enjoy safe, high-quality food products. even with strong preventative controls and interventions, food-borne illnesses continue to occur in the restaurant industry because food safety risks cannot be completely eliminated in any restaurant. incidents may result from the failure of restaurant crew members or suppliers to follow our food safety policies and procedures, or from employees or guests entering our restaurant while ill and contaminating food ingredients or surfaces. although we monitor and audit all of our programs, we cannot guarantee that each and every individual food item is safely and properly maintained during distribution throughout the supply chain. regardless of the source or cause, any report of food-borne illness such as e. coli, hepatitis a, norovirus or salmonella, and other food safety issues, including food tampering or contamination, at one of our restaurants could adversely affect our reputation and have a negative impact on our sales. in addition, instances of food-borne illness, food tampering or food contamination that occur solely at competitors' restaurants could result in negative publicity about the restaurant industry and adversely impact our sales. social media has dramatically increased the rate at which negative publicity, including actual or perceived food safety incidents, can be disseminated before there is any meaningful opportunity to investigate, respond and address an issue. the occurrence of food-borne illnesses or food safety issues could also adversely affect the price and availability of affected ingredients, resulting in higher costs and lower margins.
we may be more susceptible than our competitors to significant adverse consequences arising from food safety incidents due to several highly publicized food safety events in our restaurants and failure to adhere to our food safety standards. from 2015 to 2017, illnesses caused by e. coli bacteria and norovirus were connected to a number of our restaurants and, in 2018, illnesses believed to be caused by c. perfringens bacteria were connected to the food in one of our restaurants. as a result of these incidents and the related negative publicity, our sales and profitability were severely impacted throughout 2016 and from time to time through 2018. because of consumer perceptions in the wake of these food safety incidents, any future food safety incidents associated with our restaurants-even incidents that would be considered minor at other restaurants-may have a more significant negative impact on our sales and our ability to regain guests. in addition, we may be at a higher risk for food safety incidents than some competitors due to our greater use of fresh, unprocessed produce, handling of raw chicken, our reliance on employees cooking with traditional methods rather than automation, and our avoidance of frozen ingredients. the risk of illnesses associated with our food also may increase due to the growth of our delivery or catering businesses, in which our food is transported and/or served in transportation conditions that are not under our control. all of these factors could have an adverse impact on our ability to attract and retain guests, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on our growth and profitability.
the restaurant industry is highly competitive. if we are not able to compete successfully, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected.
the restaurant industry is highly competitive with respect to taste preferences, price, food quality and selection, customer service, brand reputation, digital engagement, advertising levels and promotional initiatives, and the location, attractiveness and maintenance of restaurants. we also compete with a number of non-traditional market participants, such as convenience stores, grocery stores, coffee shops, meal kit delivery services, and "ghost" or dark kitchens, where meals are prepared at separate takeaway premises rather than a restaurant. competition from food delivery services has also increased in recent years, particularly during covid-19, and is expected to continue to increase. increased competition could have an adverse effect on our sales, profitability and development plans. if consumer or dietary preferences change, if our marketing efforts are unsuccessful, or if our restaurants are unable to compete successfully with other restaurant outlets, our business could be adversely affected.
we continue to believe that our commitment to higher-quality and responsibly sourced ingredients gives us a competitive advantage; however, more competitors have made claims related to the quality of their ingredients and lack of artificial flavors, colors and preservatives. the increasing use of these claims by competitors, regardless of the accuracy of such claims, may lessen our differentiation and make it more difficult for us to compete. if we are unable to continue to maintain our distinctiveness and compete effectively, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
our digital business, which accounted for almost half of revenues in 2020, is subject to risks.
in 2020, 46.2% of our revenue was derived from digital orders, which includes delivery and customer pickup, compared to 18% of our revenues in 2019. the growth in digital orders is attributable to more guests dining at home due to covid-19, our expanded partnerships with multiple third-party delivery services and our expansion of chipotlanes, which is our drive through format for digital order pickups. depending on which ordering platform a digital order is placed - our platform or the platform of a third-party delivery service - the delivery fee we collect from the guest may be less than the actual delivery cost, which has a negative impact on our profitability. in the fall of 2020, we implemented a menu price increase to partially offset higher delivery costs; however, our higher menu prices may cause some guests to shift their purchases to other restaurants offered on the platform. as our digital business grows, we are increasingly reliant on third-party delivery companies, which maintain control over data regarding guests that use their platform and over the customer experience. if a third-party delivery company driver fails to make timely deliveries or fails to deliver the complete order, our guests may attribute the bad customer experience to chipotle and could stop ordering from us. the ordering and payment platforms used by these third-parties, or our mobile app or online ordering system, could be interrupted by technological failures, user errors, cyber-attacks or other factors, which could adversely impact sales through these channels and negatively impact our overall sales and reputation. the third-party delivery business is intensely competitive, with a number of players competing for market share, online traffic capital, and delivery drivers. if the third-party delivery companies we utilize cease or curtail operations, increase their fees, or give greater priority or promotions on their platforms to our competitors, our delivery business and our sales may be negatively impacted. the delivery business has been consolidating and may continue to consolidate, and fewer third-party delivery companies may give them more leverage in negotiating the terms and pricing of contracts, which could negatively impact our profits from delivery orders.
our inability or failure to recognize, respond to and effectively manage the accelerated impact of social media could have a material adverse impact on our business.
social media and internet-based communications, including video-sharing, social networking and messaging platforms, give users immediate access to a broad audience. these platforms have dramatically increased the speed of dissemination and accessibility of information, including negative publicity related to food safety incidents and negative guest and employee experiences. accurate and inaccurate or misleading information can be widely disseminated before there is any meaningful opportunity to respond or address an issue. as a result of our highly publicized food safety incidents in 2015 - 2018, negative social media posts about our business may generate a disproportionately negative response than would be the results at other companies without a similar history. it is impossible to for us to fully predict or control social media backlash to potential issues, which could harm our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations, regardless of the information's accuracy.
use of social media platforms is an important element of our marketing efforts and became increasingly more important during the covid-19 pandemic. new social media platforms are developing rapidly, and we need to continuously innovate and evolve our social media strategies in order to maintain broad appeal with guests and brand relevance. we also continue to invest in other digital marketing initiatives to reach our guests and build their awareness of, engagement with, and loyalty to us, including our national loyalty program called chipotle rewards. these initiatives may not be successful, resulting in expenses incurred without the benefit of higher revenues, increased employee engagement or brand recognition. other risks associated with the use of social media include improper disclosure of proprietary information, negative comments about us, exposure of personally identifiable information, fraud, hoaxes or malicious dissemination of false information. the inappropriate use of social media by our guests or employees could increase our costs, lead to litigation or result in negative publicity that could damage our reputation.
if we do not continue to persuade consumers of the benefits of paying higher prices for our higher-quality food, our sales and results of operations could be hurt.
our success depends in large part on our ability to persuade consumers that food made with ingredients that were raised or grown in accordance with our food with integrity principles is worth paying a higher price at our restaurants relative to prices of some of our competitors, particularly quick-service restaurant competitors. under our food with integrity principles, for example, animals must be responsibly raised, and the milk in our sour cream, cheese and queso must come from cows that have not been treated with rbgh, which practices typically are more costly than conventional farming. if we are not able to successfully persuade consumers that consuming food made consistent with our food with integrity principles is better for them and the environment, or if consumers are not willing to pay the prices we charge, our sales could be adversely affected, which would negatively impact our results of operations.
the novel coronavirus (covid-19) pandemic, and restrictions imposed by federal, state and local governments in response to the outbreak, have disrupted and will continue to disrupt our business. during 2020, individuals in many areas where we operate our restaurants were required to practice social distancing, restricted from gathering in groups and/or mandated to "stay home" except for "essential" purposes. in response to the covid-19 outbreak and government restrictions, we were required to close some of our restaurants, close many of our dining rooms and offer only takeout and delivery, and/or implement modified work hours. the mobility restrictions, fear of contracting the coronavirus and the sharp increase in unemployment caused by the closure of businesses in response to the covid-19 outbreak, have adversely affected and will continue to adversely affect our guest traffic, which in turn adversely impacts our liquidity, financial condition or results of operations. even as and when the mobility restrictions are loosened or lifted, guests may still be reluctant to return to in-restaurant dining and the impact of lost wages due to covid-19 related unemployment may dampen consumer spending for the foreseeable future.
our restaurant operations have been and could continue to be disrupted by employees who are unable or unwilling to work, whether because of illness, quarantine, fear of contracting covid-19 or caring for family members due to covid-19 disruptions or illness. restaurant closures, limited service options or modified hours of operation due to staffing shortages could materially adversely affect our liquidity, financial condition or results of operations. to protect the health and safety of our employees and guests, we provide face coverings for all restaurant employees, offer enhanced health and welfare benefits, provided temporary wage increases during the initial onset of the pandemic, provide 14 days of paid emergency leave for covid-related concerns, paid discretionary bonuses to restaurant employees, purchased additional sanitation supplies and personal protective materials, implemented a tamper evident packaging seal for all digital orders, and created a new steward role to sanitize high-traffic restaurant areas. these measures have increased our operating costs and adversely affected our liquidity.
the covid-19 outbreak also has affected and may continue to adversely affect the ability of certain of our suppliers to fulfill their obligations to us, which may negatively affect our restaurant operations. these suppliers include third parties that supply and/or prepare our ingredients, packaging, paper and cleaning products and other necessary operating materials, distribution centers, and logistics and transportation services providers. if our suppliers are unable to fulfill their obligations to us, we could face shortages of food items or other supplies at our restaurants, and our operations and sales could be adversely impacted.
we also modified our plans for opening new restaurants and remodeling existing restaurants due to the covid-19 outbreak. to preserve liquidity, we delayed new restaurant construction and restaurant remodels that were scheduled to begin during the first half of the year, and we limited restaurant remodels to restaurants that do not have a digital make line or chipotlane. these changes may materially adversely affect our ability to grow our business, particularly if these construction projects are delayed for a significant amount of time.
we cannot predict how long the covid-19 outbreak will last or if it will reoccur even after the vaccines are widely administered, when government restrictions and mandates will be imposed or lifted, or how quickly, if at all, guests will return to their pre-covid-19 purchasing behaviors, so we cannot predict how long our results of operations and financial performance will be adversely impacted.
risks related to labor and supply chain increase in ingredient and other operating costs, including those caused by climate and/or other sustainability risks, could adversely affect our results of operations.
our profitability depends in part on our ability to anticipate and react to changes in commodity costs, including ingredients, paper, supplies, fuel, utilities and distribution, and other operating costs, including leasing costs and labor. any volatility in key commodity prices or fluctuation in labor costs could adversely affect our operating results by impacting restaurant profitability. the markets for some of the ingredients we use, such as beef, avocado and chicken, are particularly volatile due to factors such as limited sources, seasonal shifts, climate conditions, industry demand, including as a result of animal disease outbreaks in other parts of the world, international commodity markets, food safety concerns, product recalls and government regulation. increasing weather volatility or other long-term changes in global weather patterns, including related to global climate change, could have a significant impact on the price or availability of some of our ingredients. these factors are beyond our control and, in many instances, unpredictable. volatility in prices or disruptions in supply also may result from governmental actions, such as changes in trade-related tariffs or controls, sanctions and counter sanctions, government-mandated closure of our suppliers' operations, and asset seizures. the cost and disruption of responding to governmental investigations or inquiries, whether or not they have merit, or the impact of these other measures, may impact our results and could cause reputational or other harm.
in addition, our supply chain is subject to increased costs arising from the effects of climate change, greenhouse gases and diminishing energy and water resources. the ongoing and long-term costs of these impacts related to climate change and other sustainability related issues could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition if not properly mitigated.
we also could be adversely impacted by price increases specific to meats raised in accordance with our sustainability and animal welfare criteria, and ingredients grown in accordance with our food with integrity specifications, the markets for which are generally smaller and more concentrated than the markets for conventionally raised or grown ingredients. any increase in the prices of the ingredients most critical to our menu, such as chicken, beef, dairy (for cheese and sour cream), avocados, beans, rice, tomatoes and pork, would have a particularly adverse effect on our operating results. if the cost of one or more ingredients significantly increases, we may choose to temporarily suspend serving the menu items that use those ingredients, such as guacamole or one of our proteins, rather than pay the increased cost. any such changes to our available menu may negatively impact our restaurant traffic and could adversely impact our sales and brand. we can only partially address future price risk through forward contracts, careful planning and other activities, and therefore increases in commodity costs could have an adverse impact on our profitability.
our business is dependent on frequent and consistent deliveries of ingredients that comply with our food with integrity specifications. we may experience shortages, delays or interruptions in the supply of ingredients and other supplies to our restaurants due to inclement weather, natural disasters, labor issues or other operational disruptions at our suppliers, distributors or transportation providers, or other conditions beyond our control. in addition, we have a single or a limited number of suppliers for some of our ingredients, including certain cuts of beef, tomatoes, tortillas and adobo. although we believe we have potential alternative suppliers and sufficient reserves of ingredients, shortages or interruptions in our supply of ingredients could adversely affect our financial results.
if we fail to comply with various applicable federal and state employment and labor laws and regulations, it could have a material, adverse impact on our business.
various federal and state employment and labor laws and regulations govern our relationships with our employees, and similar laws and regulations apply to our operations outside of the u.s. these laws and regulations relate to matters such as employment discrimination, wage and hour laws, predictive scheduling ("fair workweek") and "just cause" termination laws, requirements to provide meal and rest periods or other benefits, family leave mandates, requirements regarding working conditions and accommodations to certain employees, citizenship or work authorization and related requirements, insurance and workers' compensation rules, healthcare laws and anti-discrimination and anti-harassment laws. complying with these laws and regulations subjects us to substantial expense and non-compliance could expose us to significant liabilities. for example, previously a number of lawsuits have been filed against us alleging violations of federal and state laws regarding employee wages and payment of overtime, meal and rest breaks, employee classification, employee record-keeping and related practices with respect to our employees. we incur legal costs to defend, and we could suffer losses from, these and similar cases, and the amount of such losses or costs could be significant. in addition, several states and localities in which we operate, and the federal government have from time to time enacted minimum wage increases, changes to eligibility for overtime pay, paid sick leave and mandatory vacation accruals, and similar requirements. these changes have increased our labor costs and may have a further negative impact on our labor costs in the future.
in addition, several jurisdictions, including new york city, philadelphia, chicago, seattle, oregon, san francisco and san jose, have implemented fair workweek legislation, which impose complex requirements related to scheduling for certain restaurant and retail employees. other jurisdictions where we operate are considering enacting similar legislation. several jurisdictions also have implemented sick pay/paid time off legislation, which requires employers to provide paid time off to employees, and "just cause" termination legislation, which restricts companies' ability to terminate employees unless they can prove "just cause" or a "bona fide economic reason" for the termination. all of these regulations impose additional obligations on us and could increase our costs of doing business. our failure to comply with any of these laws and regulations could lead to higher employee turnover and negative publicity, and subject us to penalties and other legal liabilities, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations and potentially cause us to close some restaurants in these jurisdictions.
in addition, a significant number of our restaurant crew are paid at rates impacted by the applicable minimum wage. to the extent implemented, federal, state and local proposals that increase minimum wage requirements or mandate other employee matters could, to the extent implemented, materially increase our labor and other costs. several states in which we operate have approved minimum wage increases that are above the federal minimum. as more jurisdictions implement minimum wage increases, we expect our labor costs will continue to increase. our ability to respond to minimum wage increases by increasing menu prices depends on willingness of our guests to pay the higher prices and our perceived value relative to competitors. our distributors and suppliers could also be affected by higher minimum wage, benefit standards and compliance costs, which could result in higher costs for goods and services supplied to us.
additionally, while our employees are not currently covered by any collective bargaining agreements, union organizers have engaged in efforts to organize our employees and those of other restaurant companies. if a significant portion of our employees were to become covered by collective bargaining agreements, our labor costs could increase, and it could negatively impact our culture and reduce our flexibility to attract and retain top performing employees. labor unions have attempted, and likely will continue to attempt, to attract media attention to their organizing efforts in our restaurants, and their organizing efforts include claims that chipotle mistreats or undervalues its employees. despite our efforts to provide more accurate information about our policies and practices, these messages may dissuade guests from patronizing our restaurants.
if we are not able to hire, train, reward and retain qualified restaurant crew and/or if we are not able to appropriately plan our workforce, our growth plan and profitability could be adversely affected.
we rely on our restaurant-level employees to consistently provide high-quality food and positive experiences to our guests. in addition, our ability to continue to open new restaurants depends on our ability to recruit, train and retain high-quality crew members to manage and work in our restaurants. maintaining appropriate staffing in our existing restaurants and hiring and training staff for our new restaurants requires precise workforce planning, which has become more complex due to predictive scheduling ("fair workweek") laws and "just cause" termination legislation. if we fail to appropriately plan our workforce, it could adversely impact guest satisfaction, operational efficiency and restaurant profitability. in addition, if we fail to adequately monitor and proactively respond to employee dissatisfaction, it could lead to poor guest satisfaction, higher turnover, litigation and unionization efforts. the covid-19 pandemic has exacerbated staffing complexities for us and other restaurant operators, and during 2020 we were forced to temporarily close some restaurants or limit operating hours due to employee illnesses, fear of contracting covid or caregiving responsibilities among our restaurant crew. covid-19 has also resulted in aggressive competition for talent, wage inflation and pressure to improve benefits and workplace conditions to remain competitive. our failure to recruit and retain new restaurant crew members in a timely manner or higher employee turnover levels all could affect our ability to open new restaurants and grow sales at existing restaurants, and we may experience higher than projected labor costs.
risks related to it systems, cybersecurity and data privacy cybersecurity breaches or other privacy or data security incidents could result in unauthorized access, theft, modification or destruction of confidential guest, personal employee and other material, confidential information that is stored in our systems or by third parties on our behalf, which may adversely affect our business.
a cyber incident generally refers to any intentional attack or an unintentional event that results in unauthorized access to systems to disrupt operations, corrupt data or steal or expose confidential information or intellectual property. a cyber incident that compromises the information of our guests or employees could result in widespread negative publicity, damage to our reputation, a loss of guests, disruption of our business and legal liabilities. as our reliance on technology has grown, the scope and severity of risks posed to our systems from cyber threats has increased. in addition, as more business activities have shifted online and more people are working remotely, including as a result of covid-19, we have experienced an increase in cybersecurity threats and attempts to breach our security networks. the techniques and sophistication used to conduct cyber-attacks and breaches of information technology systems, as well as the sources and targets of these attacks, change frequently and are often not recognized until attacks are launched or have been in place for a period of time. we continuously monitor and develop our information technology networks and infrastructure to prevent, detect, address and mitigate the risk of unauthorized access, misuse, malware and other events that could have a security impact; however there can be no assurance that these measures will be effective.
the majority of our restaurant sales are made by credit or debit cards, and we also maintain personal information regarding our employees and confidential information about our guests and suppliers. we segment our card data environment and employ a cyber security protection program that is based on proven industry frameworks. this program includes but is not limited to cyber security techniques, tactics and procedures, including the deployment of a robust set of security controls, continuous monitoring and detection programs, network protections, vendor selection criteria, secure software development programs and ongoing employee training, awareness and incident response preparedness. in addition, we continuously scan our environment for any vulnerabilities, perform penetration testing, engage third parties to assess effectiveness of our security measures and collaborate with members of the cyber security community. however, there are no assurances that such programs will prevent or detect cyber security breaches.
from time to time we have been, and likely will continue to be, the target of cyber and other security threats. for example, some of our guests have experienced account takeover fraud, in which guests use the same log in credentials on multiple websites and, when a third party fraudulently obtains those credentials, they can gain unauthorized access to their accounts and charge food orders to the credit card linked to the account (without accessing credit card data). we may in the future become subject to other legal proceedings or governmental investigations for purportedly fraudulent transactions arising out of the actual or alleged theft of our consumers' credit or debit card information or if consumer or employee information is obtained by unauthorized persons or used inappropriately. any such claim or proceeding, or any adverse publicity resulting from such an event, may have a material adverse effect on our business and we may incur significant remediation costs.
cybersecurity breaches also could result in a violation of applicable u.s. and international privacy and other laws, and subject us to private consumer, business partner, or securities litigation and governmental investigations and proceedings, any of which could result in our exposure to material civil or criminal liability. for example, the european union's general data protection regulation ("gdpr") requires companies to meet certain requirements regarding the handling of personal data, including its use, protection and transfer and the ability of persons whose data is stored to correct or delete such data about themselves. failure to meet the gdpr requirements could result in penalties of up to 4% of annual worldwide revenue. additionally, the california privacy act of 2018 ("ccpa"), which became effective on january 1, 2020, provides a private right of action for data breaches and requires companies that process information on california residents to make new disclosures to consumers about their data collection, use and sharing practices, allow consumers to opt out of certain data sharing with third parties and the right for consumers to request deletion of personal information (subject to certain exceptions). if we fail, or are perceived to have failed, to properly respond to security breaches of our or third party's information technology systems or fail to properly respond to consumer requests under the ccpa, we could experience reputational damage, adverse publicity, loss of consumer confidence, reduced sales and profits, complications in executing our growth initiatives and regulatory and legal risk, including criminal penalties or civil liabilities.
compliance with the gdpr, the ccpa and other current and future applicable international and u.s. privacy, cybersecurity and related laws can be costly and time-consuming. we make significant investments in technology, third-party services and internal personnel to develop and implement systems and processes that are designed to anticipate cyber-attacks and to prevent or minimize breaches of our information technology systems or data loss, but these security measures cannot provide assurance that we will be successful in preventing such breaches or data loss. in addition, media or other reports of existing or perceived security vulnerabilities in our systems or those of our third-party business partners or service providers can also adversely impact our brand and reputation and materially impact our business, even if no breach has been attempted or has occurred.
we may incur increased costs to comply with privacy and data protection laws and, if we fail to comply, we could be subject to government enforcement actions, private litigation and adverse publicity.
the regulatory environment related to data privacy and cybersecurity is changing at an ever-increasing pace, with new and increasingly rigorous requirements applicable to our business. complying with newly developed laws and regulations, which are subject to change and uncertain interpretations and may be inconsistent from state to state or country to country, may lead to a decline in guest engagement or cause us to incur substantial costs or modifications to our operations or business practices to comply.
we are subject to the european union's gdpr, which requires companies to meet certain requirements regarding the handling of personal data, including its use, protection and transfer and the ability of persons whose data is stored to correct or delete such data about themselves. failure to meet the gdpr requirements could result in penalties of up to 4% of annual worldwide revenue. additionally, in july 2020, the european court of justice's invalidation of cross-border data transfer mechanisms such as the u.s.-e.u. privacy shield and the standard contractual clauses has imposed new uncertainty in privacy compliance and an adverse impact on operational efficiency with our third-party vendors.
the federal trade commission and many state attorneys general are also interpreting federal and state consumer protection laws to impose standards for the online collection, use, dissemination and security of data. maintaining our compliance with those requirements may limit our ability to obtain data used to provide a more personalized guest experience. the ccpa provides a private right of action for data breaches and requires companies that process information on california residents to make new disclosures to consumers about their data collection, use and sharing practices, allows consumers to opt-out of certain data sharing with third parties and gives consumers the right to request deletion of personal information (subject to certain exceptions). if we fail, or are perceived to have failed, to properly respond to security breaches of our or third party's information technology systems or fail to properly respond to consumer requests under the ccpa, we could experience regulatory fines, reputational damage, adverse publicity, loss of consumer confidence, reduced sales and profits, complications in executing our growth initiatives and regulatory and legal risk, including criminal penalties or civil liabilities.
we rely heavily on information technology systems and failures or interruptions in our it systems could harm our ability to effectively operate our business and/or result in the loss of guests or employees.
we rely heavily on information technology systems, including the point-of-sale and payment processing system in our restaurants, technologies supporting our online ordering, digital and delivery business, technologies that traceback ingredients to suppliers and growers and manage our supply chain, our rewards program, technologies that facilitate marketing initiatives, employee engagement and payroll processing, and various other processes and transactions. our ability to effectively manage our business and coordinate the procurement, production, distribution, safety and sale of our products depends significantly on the availability, reliability and security of these systems. many of these critical systems are provided and managed by third parties, and we are reliant on these third-party providers to implement protective measures that ensure the security and availability of their systems. although we have operational safeguards in place, these safeguards may not be effective in preventing the failure of these third-party systems or platforms to operate effectively and be available. failures may be caused by various factors, including power outages, catastrophic events, physical theft, computer and network failures, inadequate or ineffective redundancy, problems with transitioning to upgraded or replacement systems or platforms, flaws in third-party software or services, errors or improper use by our employees or the third-party service providers. if any of our critical it systems were to become unreliable, unavailable, compromised or otherwise fail, and we were unable to recover in a timely manner, we could experience an interruption in our operations that could have a material adverse impact on our profitability.
our inability or failure to execute on a comprehensive business continuity plan at our restaurant support centers following a disaster or force majeure event could have a material adverse impact on our business.
many of our corporate systems and processes and corporate support for our restaurant operations are centralized at one location. we have disaster recovery procedures and business continuity plans in place to address crisis-level events, including hurricanes and other natural disasters, and back up and off-site locations for recovery of electronic and other forms of data and information, and the covid-19 pandemic has provided a limited test of our ability to manage our business remotely. however, if we are unable to fully implement our disaster recovery plans, we may experience delays in recovery of data, inability to perform vital corporate functions, tardiness in required reporting and compliance, failures to adequately support field operations and other breakdowns in normal communication and operating procedures that could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operation and exposure to administrative and other legal claims. in addition, these threats are constantly evolving, which increases the difficulty of accurately and timely predicting, planning for and protecting against the threat. as a result, our disaster recovery procedures and business continuity plans security may not adequately address all threats we face or protect us from loss.
in april 2020, chipotle signed a deferred prosecution agreement (the "dpa"), which was filed in the u.s. district court for the central district of california, to settle an official criminal investigation conducted by the u.s. attorney's office for the central district of california, in conjunction with the u.s. food and drug administration's office of criminal investigations (collectively, the "doj"), into company-wide food safety matters that occurred in our restaurants dating back to january 1, 2013. pursuant to the dpa, the doj filed a two-count class a misdemeanor information in the united states district court for the central district of california charging chipotle with adulterating and causing food to be adulterated within the meaning of the federal food, drug and cosmetic act ("fdca") while such food was held for sale. under the dpa, chipotle paid a $25 million fine and is required to enhance and maintain a comprehensive compliance program that is designed to ensure chipotle complies with all applicable federal and state food safety laws. the doj agreed that if chipotle is in full compliance with all of its obligations under the dpa at the conclusion of the three-year deferred prosecution term, the doj will move to dismiss the two-count information filed against chipotle. full compliance with the dpa requires, among other things, chipotle to conduct a root cause analysis of the historic food safety matters, maintain and annually update a comprehensive food safety plan and comply with applicable provisions of the fdca.
chipotle owns and operates over 2,700 restaurants and we dedicate substantial resources to our food safety program; however, even with strong preventative controls and interventions, food safety risks cannot be completely eliminated in any restaurant. food safety risks may arise due to possible failures by restaurant crew or suppliers to follow food safety policies and procedures, employees or guests coming to the restaurant while ill or serving contaminated food ingredients. if chipotle is found to have breached the terms of the dpa, the doj may elect to prosecute, or bring a civil action against the company for conduct alleged in the dpa's statement of facts, which could result in additional fines, penalties, and have material adverse impacts on our results of operations. in addition, further action by the doj may significantly and adversely affect our brand and reputation, especially in light of our highly publicized food safety incidents in 2015 - 2017.
we could be party to litigation or other legal proceedings that could adversely affect our business, results of operations and reputation.
we have been and, in the future, we likely will be subject to litigation and other legal proceedings that may adversely affect our business. these legal proceedings may involve claims brought by employees, guests, government agencies, suppliers, shareholders or others through private actions, class actions, administrative proceedings, regulatory actions or other litigation. these legal proceedings may involve allegations of illegal, unfair or inconsistent employment practices, including wage and hour, employment of minors, discrimination, wrongful termination, and vacation and family leave laws; food safety issues including food-borne illness, food contamination and adverse health effects from consumption of our food products; data security or privacy breaches; guest discrimination; personal injury in our restaurants; trademark infringement; violation of the federal securities laws or other concerns. for example, a number of lawsuits have been filed against us alleging violations of federal and state employment laws, including wage and hour claims; and in 2020 we settled an official criminal investigation by the u.s. attorney's office for the central district of california, in conjunction with the u.s. food and drug administration's office of criminal investigations, related to company-wide food safety matters dating back to 2013. we could be involved in similar or even more significant litigation and legal proceedings in the future. even if the allegations against us in current or future legal matters are unfounded or we ultimately are not held liable, the costs to defend ourselves may be significant and the litigation may subject us to substantial settlements, fines, penalties or judgments against us and may divert management's attention away from operating our business, all of which could negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. litigation also may generate negative publicity, regardless of whether the allegations are valid, or we ultimately are liable, which could damage our reputation, and adversely impact our sales and our relationship with our employees and guests.
we are subject to extensive laws, government regulation, and other legal requirements and our failure to comply with existing or new laws and regulations could adversely affect our operational efficiencies, ability to attract and retain talent and results of operations.
preparation, sale and labeling of food, including regulations of the food and drug administration, which oversees the safety of the entire food system, including inspections and mandatory food recalls, menu labeling and nutritional content;
employment practices and working conditions, including minimum wage rates, wage and hour practices, fair workweek legislation, employment of minors, discrimination, harassment, classification of employees, paid and family leave, workplace safety, immigration and overtime among others;
health, sanitation, safety and fire standards and the sale of alcoholic beverages;
building and zoning requirements, including state and local licensing and regulation governing the design and operation of facilities and land use;
public accommodations and safety conditions, including the americans with disabilities act and similar state laws that give civil rights protections to individuals with disabilities in the context of employment, public accommodations, and other areas;
data privacy laws and standards for the protection of personal information, including social security numbers, financial information (including credit card numbers), and health information, and payment card industry standards and requirements;
environmental matters, such as emissions and air quality, water consumption, the discharge, storage, handling, release, and disposal of hazardous or toxic substances, and local ordinances restricting the types of packaging we can use in our restaurants; and
compliance with these laws and regulations, and future new laws or changes in these laws or regulations that impose additional requirements, can be costly. any failure or perceived failure to comply with these laws or regulations could result in, among other things, revocation of required licenses, administrative enforcement actions, fines and civil and criminal liability.
risks related to our growth and business strategy if we are unable to meet our projections for new restaurant openings, or efficiently maintain the attractiveness of our existing restaurants, our profitability could suffer.
our growth strategy depends on our ability to continue to open new restaurants and operate them profitably. historically, it can take up to 24 months to ramp up the sales and profitability of a new restaurant. during the ramp-up phase, the restaurant's sales and income are below the levels at which we expect them to normalize and costs may be higher as we train new employees and adjust our food deliveries and preparation to sales trends. if we are unable to build the customer base that we expect or overcome the initial higher costs associated with new restaurants, our new restaurants may not be as profitable as our existing restaurants. our ability to open and profitably operate new restaurants also is subject to various risks, such as the identification and availability of economically viable locations, the negotiation of acceptable lease terms, the ability to operate with a chipotlane, the need to obtain all required governmental permits (including zoning approvals and liquor licenses) and to comply with other regulatory requirements, the availability of capable contractors and subcontractors, the ability to meet construction schedules and budgets, the ability to manage labor activities that could delay construction, increases in labor and building material costs, changes in weather or other acts of god that could result in construction delays and adversely affect the results of one or more restaurants for an indeterminate amount of time, our ability to hire and train qualified management personnel and general economic and business conditions. at each potential location, we compete with other restaurants and retail businesses for desirable development sites, construction contractors, management personnel, hourly employees and other resources. if we are unable to successfully manage these risks, we could face increased costs and lower than anticipated sales and earnings in future periods.
in addition, in an effort to increase same-restaurant sales and improve our operating performance, we continue to improve our existing restaurants through remodels, upgrades and regular upkeep. if the costs associated with remodels, upgrades or regular upkeep are higher than anticipated, restaurants are closed for remodeling for longer periods than planned or remodeled restaurants do not perform as expected, we may not realize our projected desired return on investment, which could have a negative effect on our operating results.
substantially all of our restaurants operate in leased properties subject to long-term leases. if we are unable to secure new leases on favorable terms, terminate unfavorable leases or renew or extend favorable leases, our profitability may suffer.
we operate substantially all of our restaurants in leased facilities. it is becoming increasing challenging to locate and secure favorable lease facilities for new restaurants as competition for restaurant sites in our target markets is intense. development and leasing costs are increasing, particularly for urban locations. these factors could negatively impact our ability to manage our occupancy costs, which may adversely impact our profitability. in addition, any of these factors may be exacerbated by economic factors, which may result in an increased demand for developers and contractors that could drive up our construction and leasing costs. also, as we open and operate more restaurants, our rate of expansion relative to the size of our existing restaurant base will decline, making it increasingly difficult to achieve levels of sales and profitability growth that we achieved in prior years.
from time to time we may close or relocate a restaurant if a current location becomes less profitable as a result of adverse economic conditions or local regulatory compliance in the area. we also have closed some restaurants where the impact of covid-19 was severe. if the closures continue for a long period of time we may not be able to recover our investment due to the high rental rates. because substantially all of our restaurants operate in leased facilities, we may incur significant lease termination expenses when we close or relocate a restaurant and are often obligated to continue rent and other lease related payments after restaurant closure. we also may incur significant asset impairment and other charges in connection with closures and relocations. if the lease termination cost is significant, we may decide to keep underperforming restaurants open. ongoing lease obligations at closed or underperforming restaurant locations could decrease our results of operations. in addition, we may be unable to renew a lease without substantial additional cost at the end of the lease term and expiration of all renewal periods. as a result, we may be required to close or relocate a restaurant, which could subject us to construction and other costs and risks that may have an adverse effect on our operating performance.
as of december 31, 2020, we owned and operated 2,764 chipotle restaurants and we plan to open a significant number of new restaurants in the next several years. our existing restaurant management systems, back office technology systems and processes, financial and management controls, information systems and personnel may not be adequate to support our continued growth. to effectively manage a larger number of restaurants, we may need to upgrade and expand our infrastructure and information systems, automate more processes that currently are manual or require manual intervention and hire, train and retain restaurant crew and corporate support staff, all of which may result in increased costs and at least temporary inefficiencies. we also place a lot of importance on our culture, which we believe has been an important contributor to our success, and as we continue to grow, it may be increasingly difficult to maintain our culture. our failure to sufficiently invest in our infrastructure and information systems and maintain our strong staffing and culture could harm our brand and operating results.
a failure to recruit, develop and retain effective leaders or the loss or shortage of personnel with key capacities and skills could impact our strategic growth plans and jeopardize our ability to meet our business performance expectations and growth targets.
our ability to continue to grow our business depends substantially on the contributions and abilities of our executive leadership team and other key management personnel. changes in senior management could expose us to significant changes in strategic direction and initiatives. a failure to maintain appropriate organizational capacity and capability to support our strategic initiatives or to build adequate bench strength with key skillsets required for seamless succession of leadership, could jeopardize our ability to meet our business performance expectations and growth targets. if we are unable to attract, develop, retain and incentivize sufficiently experienced and capable management personnel, our business and financial results may suffer.
we believe the market price of our common stock generally has traded at a higher price-earnings ratio than stocks of most of our peer companies as well as the overall market, which typically has reflected market expectations for higher future operating results. at any given point in time, our price-earnings ratio may trade at more than twice the price-earnings ratio of the s&p 500. also, the trading market for our common stock has been volatile at times, including as a result of adverse publicity events. as a result, if we fail to meet market expectations for our operating results in the future, any resulting decline in the price of our common stock could be significant.
restaurant dining generally is dependent upon consumer discretionary spending, which may be affected by general economic conditions that are beyond our control. for example, international, domestic and regional economic conditions, consumer income levels, financial market volatility, a slow or stagnant pace of economic growth, rising energy costs, rising interest rates, social unrest, and governmental, political and budget concerns or divisions may have a negative effect on consumer confidence and discretionary spending. in addition, a new presidential and legislative administration recently took office, and it is not yet known what changes the new administration will make to economic or tax policies and how those policies will impact the economy or consumer discretionary spending. any significant decrease in our guest traffic or average transactions would negatively impact our financial performance. any actual or perceived threat of a pandemic or communicable disease, terrorist attack, mass shooting, heightened security requirements, including cybersecurity, or a failure to protect information systems for critical infrastructure, such as the electrical grid and telecommunications systems, could harm our operations, the economy or consumer confidence generally. any of the above factors or other unfavorable changes in business and economic conditions affecting our guests could increase our costs, reduce traffic in some or all of our restaurants or limit our ability to increase pricing, any of which could lower our profit margins and have a material adverse effect on our sales, financial condition and results of operations. these factors also could cause us to, among other things, reduce the number and frequency of new restaurant openings, close restaurants or delay remodeling of our existing restaurant locations. further, poor economic conditions may force nearby businesses to shut down, which could reduce traffic to our restaurants or cause our restaurant locations to be less attractive.
negative publicity about the safety of our food, employment-related issues, litigation or other issues involving our restaurants;
fluctuations in supply costs, particularly for our most significant ingredients, and our inability to offset the higher cost with price increases without adversely impacting guest traffic;
labor availability and wages of restaurant management and crew;
litigation, settlement costs and related legal expenses;
variations in general economic conditions, including the impact of declining interest rates on our interest income.
item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations you should read the following discussion together with item 6. "selected financial data" and our consolidated financial statements and related notes included in item 8. "financial statements and supplementary data." this section of the form 10-k generally discusses 2020 and 2019 items and year-to-year comparisons of 2020 to 2019. discussions of 2018 items and year-to-year comparisons of 2019 and 2018 that are not included in this form 10-k can be found in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in part ii, item 7 on our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019. the discussion contains forward-looking statements involving risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause our results to differ materially from expectations. see "cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements." factors that might cause such differences include those described in item 1a. "risk factors" and elsewhere in this report.
overview as of december 31, 2020, we operated 2,724 chipotle restaurants throughout the united states, 40 international chipotle restaurants, and four non-chipotle restaurants. we are committed to making good food more accessible to everyone while continuing to be a brand with a demonstrated purpose.
the covid-19 pandemic has adversely affected, and will continue to adversely affect, our operations and financial results for the foreseeable future. in response to covid-19, we temporarily closed some restaurants and dining rooms in our restaurants. we continue to follow guidance from health officials in determining the appropriate restrictions to put in place for each restaurant. as of december 31, 2020, the majority of our restaurants have been reopened for dine-in with restrictions, such as social distancing and mask requirements for all customers, to ensure the health and safety of our guests and employees. certain restaurants only offer take-out, digital order ahead and delivery services in accordance with local guidance and regulations. for a further discussion of the impacts that covid-19 has had on our financial results refer to the "results of operations."
we remain in regular contact with our major suppliers and while to date we have not experienced significant disruptions in our supply chain, we could see future disruptions should the impacts of covid-19 extend for a considerable amount of time. within our restaurants, we have taken a number of steps to enhance our robust food safety protocols including the creation of the steward role which is focused on sanitization in high-touch and high-traffic areas, providing masks for all employees, and having a tamper evident packaging seal for all digital orders. to support our employees, we have eliminated non-essential travel, implemented work from home for our support centers, and significantly expanded employee benefits. we remain focused on reducing non-essential controllable costs and judiciously spending on return generating projects to preserve liquidity. we suspended our stock buyback program during the first quarter of 2020. if our business continues to improve and the economy continues to stabilize, we may begin buying again in the first or second quarter of 2021.
diluted earnings per share ("diluted eps") for 2020 increased to $12.52, which included an income tax benefit of $3.79, offset by a $2.00 after-tax impact from expenses related to legal, corporate restructuring, restaurant closure costs, and certain other costs, a 1.1% increase from $12.38 in 2019.
we continue to invest in improving our digital platforms and have significantly upgraded our capabilities by digitizing almost all of our digital-make lines, expanding our partnerships with multiple third-party delivery services and building more chipotlanes, which is our drive through format for digital order pickups. digital sales, which includes delivery and customer pick-up, increased 174.1% year over year and accounted for 46.2% of 2020 sales, compared to 10.9% of 2019 sales. the shift to digital sales accelerated in march 2020 as a result of the covid-19 pandemic.
restaurant operating costs. during the year ended december 31, 2020, our restaurant operating costs (food, beverage and packaging; labor; occupancy; and other operating costs) were 82.6% of total revenue, an increase from 79.5% in 2019. the increase was driven primarily by covid-19 related impacts including increased delivery expenses, assistance and exclusion pay, elevated beef prices, increased incidence of steak, and fewer sales of high margin beverages. the increase was partially offset by benefits from menu price increases, lower avocado pricing and improved labor efficiency realized from digital enhancements to the restaurants.
restaurant development. for the full year 2020, we opened 161 new restaurants, which included 100 restaurants with a chipotlane. we expect to open approximately 200 new restaurants in 2021.
restaurant activity the following table details restaurant unit data for the years indicated.
food, beverage and packaging costs decreased as a percentage of total revenue in 2020 primarily due to menu price increases taken in the second half of 2020, favorable avocado pricing and better waste control. these benefits were partially offset by fewer sales of high margin beverages, covid-19 related mix shifts, elevated beef pricing due to plant shutdowns in the summer of 2020, and higher dairy pricing.
labor costs increased as a percentage of total revenue in 2020 primarily due to covid-19 related labor costs, which included assistance pay for restaurant employees and expansion of our emergency leave benefits to accommodate those directly affected by covid-19. our assistance pay program ended on june 7, 2020, while the expansion of emergency leave benefits remains in place as of december 31, 2020. these covid-19 related increases were partially offset by the benefits of menu price increases taken in the second half of 2020 and improved labor efficiency realized from digital enhancements to the restaurants.
other operating costs include, among other items, marketing and promotional costs, delivery expenses, bank and credit card processing fees, and restaurant utilities and maintenance costs. other operating costs increased as a percentage of total revenue in 2020 primarily due to increased delivery expenses caused by the significant increase in delivery sales in 2020.
as a result of covid-19, we are adapting our restaurant operations to the changing environment and are reducing non-essential controllable costs. sales shifted towards delivery after we temporarily closed our dining rooms to help control the spread of covid-19. we reprioritized marketing efforts by offering free delivery several times in 2020.
general and administrative expenses increased in dollar terms in 2020, primarily due to the following: a $20.1 million increase in outside service expense related to company initiatives to support digital and restaurant growth; a $15.8 million increase in wages and benefits primarily due to headcount increase; and $3.8 million increase of lease costs primarily related to our previous corporate headquarters. these increases were partially offset by a $10.7 million decrease in non-cash stock-based compensation expense, primarily related to performance share awards, and a $7.1 million decrease in travel expense related to our decision to halt non-essential employee travel due to the covid-19 pandemic.
other than the impact on travel expenses and stock-based compensation discussed above, covid-19 had a minimal impact on general and administrative expenses. we will continue to assess additional planned general and administrative investments as we better understand the length and severity of the covid-19 impacts.
depreciation and amortization increased as a percentage of total revenue in 2020 due to accelerated depreciation associated with our website, mobile app and other technology, new restaurant openings and equipment upgrades in the restaurants primarily to support the growth in our digital business. this increase was partially offset by sales leverage on a partially fixed-cost base.
benefit/(provision) for income taxes year ended december 31,                                           percentage change
benefit/(provision) for income taxes   $62.0               $(108.1)            $(91.9)        (157.3%)               17.7%
the effective income tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2020 was lower than the effective income tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2019, primarily due to the federal net operating loss that is estimated for tax year 2020, which we expect to carryback to tax years 2015-2017. the tax benefit is due to the federal income tax rate differential between the 2020 statutory federal income tax rate of 21% and the 2015-2017 statutory federal income tax rate of 35%.
quarterly financial data/seasonality see note 15. "quarterly financial data (unaudited)" for a table presenting data from the consolidated statements of income for each of the eight quarters in the period ended december 31, 2020.
seasonal factors cause our profitability to fluctuate from quarter to quarter. historically, our average daily restaurant sales and net income are lower in the first and fourth quarters due, in part, to the holiday season and because fewer people eat out during periods of inclement weather (the winter months) than during periods of mild or warm weather (the spring, summer and fall months). other factors also have a seasonal effect on our results. for example, restaurants located near colleges and universities generally do more business during the academic year. seasonal factors, however, might be moderated or outweighed by other factors that may influence our quarterly results, such as unexpected publicity impacting our business in a positive or negative way, worldwide health pandemics, fluctuations in food or packaging costs, or the timing of menu price increases or promotional activities and other marketing initiatives. the number of trading days in a quarter can also affect our results, although, on an overall annual basis, changes in trading days do not have a significant impact.
our quarterly results are also affected by other factors such as the amount and timing of non-cash stock-based compensation expense and related tax rate impacts, litigation, settlement costs and related legal expenses, impairment charges and non-operating costs, timing of marketing or promotional expenses, the number and timing of new restaurants opened in a quarter, and closure of restaurants. new restaurants typically have lower margins following opening because of the expenses associated with their opening and operating inefficiencies in the months immediately following opening. accordingly, results for a particular quarter are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for any other quarter or for any year.
liquidity and capital resources historically, our primary liquidity and capital requirements are for new restaurant construction, initiatives to improve the guest experience in our restaurants, working capital and general corporate needs. as of december 31, 2020, we had a cash and marketable investments balance of $1.1 billion, excluding restricted cash of $27.8 million. we expect to utilize cash flow from operations to continue investments in new restaurant construction, remodels primarily for restaurants that do not have a digital make line or chipotlane and technology. additionally, as of december 31, 2020, we had $600.0 million of undrawn borrowing capacity under a line of credit facility, which expires in may 2021.
as sales fell quickly from the impact of covid-19, we proactively implemented several actions to reduce cash outlays and expenses. as part of our cash preservation strategy, in march 2020 we temporarily suspended our stock buyback program. in our restaurants, we are working to minimize waste, effectively schedule labor hours, and reduce non-essential controllable costs. we halted all non-essential travel and expenses. we believe that cash from operations, together with our cash and investment balances, will be sufficient to meet ongoing capital expenditures, working capital requirements and other cash needs for the foreseeable future. assuming no significant declines in comparable restaurant sales, we expect that we will generate positive cash flow through the foreseeable future. should our business deteriorate due to changing conditions, there are other actions we can take to further conserve liquidity.
we have not required significant working capital because customers generally pay using cash or credit and debit cards and because our operations do not require significant receivables, nor do they require significant inventories due, in part, to our use of various fresh ingredients. in addition, we generally have the right to pay for the purchase of food, beverages and supplies sometime after the receipt of those items, generally within ten days, thereby reducing the need for incremental working capital to support our growth.
our total capital expenditures for 2020 were $373.4 million. in 2020, we spent on average about $1.1 million in development and construction costs per new restaurant, or about $1.0 million net of landlord reimbursements of $0.1 million. in 2021, we expect to incur about $390 million in total capital expenditures. we expect approximately $220 million in capital expenditures related to our construction of new restaurants, before any reductions for landlord reimbursements. for new restaurants to be opened in 2021, we anticipate average development costs will remain higher than the historical average due to a significant portion including chipotlanes. we expect approximately $120 million in capital expenditures related to investments in existing restaurants, including updated equipment, technology, remodeling and similar improvements. finally, we expect a portion of our capital expenditures for the year to be incurred for additional corporate initiatives including building corporate offices, upgrading our mobile app, and other projects.
(1)see note 10. "leases" of our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. "financial statements and supplementary data." this includes commitments related to reasonably certain renewal periods.
(2)purchase obligations include agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding on us and that specify all significant terms. we have excluded agreements that are cancelable without penalty. the majority of our purchase obligations relate to amounts owed for produce and other ingredients and supplies, orders submitted for equipment for restaurants under construction and planned remodels, information technology, and marketing initiatives and corporate sponsorships.
the above table does not include income tax liabilities for uncertain tax positions for which we are not able to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the amount and period of related future payments. additionally, we have excluded our estimated loss contingencies, due to uncertainty regarding the timing and amount of payment. see note 12. "commitments and contingencies" of our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. "financial statements and supplementary data."
inflation the primary areas of our operations affected by inflation are food, labor, rent, healthcare costs, fuel, utility costs, and materials used in the construction of our restaurants. although a significant majority of our crew members make more than the federal and applicable state and local minimum wage, increases in the applicable federal or state minimum wage may have an impact on our labor costs by causing wage inflation above the minimum wage level. additionally, many of our leases require us to pay property taxes, maintenance, and utilities, all of which are generally subject to inflationary increases. in the past we have largely been able to offset inflationary increases with menu price increases. if we do raise menu prices in the future, general competitive pressures or negative consumer responses may limit our ability to completely recover cost increases attributable to inflation.
critical accounting estimates we describe our significant accounting policies in note 1. "description of business and summary of significant accounting policies" of our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. "financial statements and supplementary data." critical accounting estimates are those that we believe are both significant and that require us to make difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often because we need to estimate the effect of inherently uncertain matters. we base our estimates and judgments on historical experiences and various other factors that we believe to be appropriate under the circumstances. actual results may differ from these estimates, and we might obtain different estimates if we used different assumptions or factors.
leases we determine if a contract contains a lease at inception. our material operating leases consist of restaurant locations and office space. our leases generally have remaining terms of 1-20 years and most include options to extend the leases for additional 5-year periods. generally, the lease term is the minimum of the noncancelable period of the lease or the lease term inclusive of reasonably certain renewal periods up to a term of 20 years. if the estimate of our reasonably certain lease term was changed, our depreciation and rent expense could differ materially.
operating lease assets and liabilities are recognized at time of lease inception. operating lease liabilities represent the present value of lease payments not yet paid. operating lease assets represent our right to use an underlying asset and are based upon the operating lease liabilities adjusted for prepayments or accrued lease payments, initial direct costs, lease incentives, and impairment of operating lease assets. to determine the present value of lease payments not yet paid, we estimate incremental borrowing rates corresponding to the reasonably certain lease term. as we have no outstanding debt nor committed credit facilities, secured or otherwise, we estimate this rate based on prevailing financial market conditions, comparable company and credit analysis, and management judgment. if the estimate of our incremental borrowing rate was changed, our operating lease assets and liabilities could differ materially.
the estimation of the standalone selling price of points and other rewards issued to customers involves several assumptions, primarily the estimated value of product for which the reward is expected to be redeemed and the probability that the points or reward will expire. our estimate of points and other rewards we expect to be redeemed is based on historical company specific data. these inputs are subject to change over time due to factors such as menu price increases, changes in point redemption options and changes in customer behavior.
impairment of long-lived assets long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. for the purpose of reviewing restaurant assets to be held and used for potential impairment, assets are grouped together at the market level, or in the case of a potential relocation or closure, at the restaurant level. we manage our restaurants as a group with significant common costs and promotional activities; as such, an individual restaurant's cash flows are not generally independent of the cash flows of others in a market.
the fair value measurement for asset impairment is based on level 3 inputs. we first compare the carrying value of the asset (or asset group, referred interchangeably throughout as asset) to the asset's estimated future undiscounted cash flows. if the estimated undiscounted future cash flows are less than the carrying value of the asset, we determine if we have an impairment loss by comparing the carrying value of the asset to the asset's estimated fair value. the estimated fair value of the asset is generally determined using the income approach to measure the fair value, which is based on the present value of estimated future cash flows. key inputs to the income approach for restaurant assets include the discount rate, projected revenue and expenses, and sublease income if we are closing the restaurant. in certain cases, management uses other market information, when available, to estimate the fair value of an asset. the impairment charges represent the excess of each asset's carrying amount over its estimated fair value and are allocated among the long-lived asset or assets of the group.
our estimates of future revenues and expenses are highly subjective judgments based on internal projections and knowledge of our operations, historical performance, and trends in sales and restaurant operating costs, and can be significantly impacted by changes in our business or economic conditions. the determination of asset fair value is also subject to significant judgment and utilizes valuation techniques including discounting estimated future cash flows and market-based analyses to determine fair value. if our estimates or underlying assumptions, including discount rate and sublease income change in the future, our operating results may be materially impacted.
stock-based compensation we recognize compensation expense for equity awards over the requisite service period based on the award's fair value. we use the black-scholes valuation model to determine the fair value of our stock-only stock appreciation rights ("sosars"), and we use the monte carlo simulation model to determine the fair value of stock awards that contain market conditions. both of these models require assumptions to be made regarding our stock price volatility, the expected life of the award and expected dividend rates. the volatility assumption was based on our historical data and implied volatility, and the expected life assumptions were based on our historical data. similarly, the compensation expense of performance share awards is based in part on the estimated probability of achieving levels of performance associated with particular levels of payout for performance shares. we determine the probability of achievement of future levels of performance by comparing the relevant performance level with our internal estimates of future performance. those estimates are based on a number of assumptions, including but not limited to growth in comparable restaurant sales and average restaurant level margin, and different assumptions may have resulted in different conclusions regarding the probability of our achieving future levels of performance relevant to the payout levels for the awards. had we arrived at different assumptions of stock price volatility or expected lives of our sosars, or if we changed our assumptions regarding the probability of our achieving future levels of performance with respect to performance share awards, our stock-based compensation expense and results of operations may be materially different.
insurance liability we are self-insured for a significant portion of our employee health benefits programs, and carry significant retentions for risks and associated liabilities with respect to workers' compensation, general liability, property and auto damage, employment practices liability, cyber liability and directors and officer's liability. predetermined loss limits have been arranged with third-party insurance companies to limit exposure to these claims. we record a liability that represents our estimated cost of claims incurred and unpaid as of the balance sheet date. our estimated liability is not discounted and is based on a number of assumptions and factors, including historical trends, actuarial assumptions and economic conditions, and is closely monitored and adjusted when warranted by changing circumstances. if a greater amount of claims occurs compared to what we have estimated, or if medical costs increase beyond what we expected, our accrued liabilities might not be sufficient and we may be required to record additional expense. actual claims experience could also be more favorable than estimated, which would result in expense reductions. unanticipated changes may produce materially different amounts of expense than that reported under these programs.
reserves/contingencies for litigation and other matters we are involved in various claims and legal actions that arise in the ordinary course of business. we record an accrual for legal contingencies when we determine that it is probable that we have incurred a liability and we can reasonably estimate the amount of the loss. although we have recorded liabilities related to a number of legal actions, our estimates used to determine the amount of these liabilities may not be accurate, and there are other legal actions for which we have not recorded a liability. as a result, in the event legal actions for which we have not accrued a liability or for which our accrued liabilities are not accurate are resolved, such resolution may affect our operating results and cash flows.
income taxes our benefit/(provision) for income taxes, deferred tax assets and liabilities including valuation allowance requires the use of estimates based on our management's interpretation and application of complex tax laws and accounting guidance. we are primarily subject to income taxes in the united states. we establish reserves for uncertain tax positions for material, known tax exposures in accordance with accounting standards codification ("asc") 740 relating to deductions, transactions and other matters involving some uncertainty as to the measurement and recognition of the item. we may adjust these reserves when our judgment changes as a result of the evaluation of new information not previously available and will be reflected in the period in which the new information is available. while we believe that our reserves are adequate, issues raised by a tax authority may be resolved at an amount different than the related reserve and could materially increase or decrease our income tax provision in future periods. ‎