item 1a. risk factors set forth below and elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k are some of the principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual business results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements contained in this report and could individually, or in combination, have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. these risk factors should be considered in addition to our cautionary comments concerning forward-looking statements in this report, including statements related to markets for our products and trends in our business that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. our separate section above, "cautionary statements regarding forward-looking information," should be considered in addition to the following statements.
government regulation we are conducting a formal internal review of our emission certification process and compliance with emission standards with respect to our pick-up truck applications and are working with the epa and carb to address their questions about these applications. the results of this formal review and regulatory processes, or the discovery of any noncompliance issues, could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and cash flows.
we previously announced that we are conducting a formal internal review of our emissions certification process and compliance with emission standards with respect to all of our pick-up truck applications, following conversations with the epa and carb regarding certification of our engines for model year 2019 ram 2500 and 3500 trucks. during conversations with the epa and carb about the effectiveness of our pick-up truck applications, the regulators raised concerns that certain aspects of our emissions systems may reduce the effectiveness of our emissions control systems and thereby act as defeat devices. as a result, our internal review focuses, in part, on the regulators' concerns. we are working closely with the regulators to enhance our emissions systems to improve the effectiveness of all of our pick-up truck applications and to fully address the regulators' requirements. based on discussions with the regulators, we have developed a new calibration for the engines in model year 2019 ram 2500 and 3500 trucks that has been included in all engines shipped since september 2019. during our discussions, the regulators have asked us to look at other model years and other engines. we will continue to work together closely with the relevant regulators to develop and implement recommendations for improvement as part of our ongoing commitment to compliance. due to the continuing nature of the formal review, our ongoing cooperation with the regulators and the presence of many unknown facts and circumstances, we are not yet able to estimate the financial impact of these matters. it is possible that the consequences of any remediation plans resulting from our formal review and these regulatory processes could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and cash flows in the periods in which these emissions certification issues are addressed.
our products are subject to extensive statutory and regulatory requirements that can significantly increase our costs and, along with increased scrutiny from regulatory agencies and unpredictability in the adoption, implementation and enforcement of increasingly stringent and fragmented emission standards by multiple jurisdictions around the world, could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
our engines are subject to extensive statutory and regulatory requirements governing emissions and noise, including standards imposed by the epa, the eu, state regulatory agencies (such as the carb) and other regulatory agencies around the world. regulatory agencies are making certification and compliance with emissions and noise standards more stringent and subjecting diesel engine products to an increasing level of scrutiny. the discovery of noncompliance issues could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
developing engines and components to meet more stringent and changing regulatory requirements, with different implementation timelines and emission requirements, makes developing engines efficiently for multiple markets complicated and could result in substantial additional costs that may be difficult to recover in certain markets. while we have met previous deadlines, our ability to comply with existing and future regulatory standards will be essential for us to maintain our competitive position in the engine applications and industries we serve. the successful development and introduction of new and enhanced products in order to comply with new regulatory requirements are subject to other risks, such as delays in product development, cost over-runs and unanticipated technical and manufacturing difficulties.
in addition to these risks, the nature and timing of government implementation and enforcement of increasingly stringent emission standards in our worldwide markets are unpredictable and subject to change. any delays in implementation or enforcement could result in a loss of our competitive advantage and could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we operate our business on a global basis and policy changes affecting international trade could adversely impact the demand for our products and our competitive position.
we manufacture, sell and service products globally and rely upon a global supply chain to deliver the raw materials, components, systems and parts that we need to manufacture and service our products. changes in government policies on foreign trade and investment can affect the demand for our products and services, cause non-u.s. customers to shift preferences toward domestically manufactured or branded products and impact the competitive position of our products or prevent us from being able to sell products in certain countries. our business benefits from free trade agreements, such as the new united states-mexico-canada agreement and the u.s. trade relationship with china, brazil and france and efforts to withdraw from, or substantially modify such agreements or arrangements, in addition to the implementation of more restrictive trade policies, such as more detailed inspections, higher tariffs (including, but not limited to, additional tariffs on the import of steel or aluminum), import or export licensing requirements, exchange controls or new barriers to entry, could adversely impact our production costs, customer demand and our relationships with customers and suppliers. any of these consequences could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
the u.k.'s exit from the european union (eu) could materially and adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
on january 31, 2020, the u.k. exited from the eu (brexit). additionally, the results of the u.k.'s brexit caused, and may continue to cause, volatility in global stock markets, currency exchange rate fluctuations and global economic uncertainty. although it is unknown what the terms of the u.k.'s future relationship with the eu will be, it is possible that there will be higher tariffs or greater restrictions on imports and exports between the u.k. and the eu and increased regulatory complexities. the effects of brexit will depend on any agreements the u.k. makes to retain access to eu markets either during a transitional period or on a permanent basis. these measures could potentially disrupt our supply chain, including delays of imports and exports, limited access to human capital within some of the target markets and jurisdictions in which we operate and adverse changes to tax benefits or liabilities in these or other jurisdictions. in addition, brexit could lead to legal uncertainty and potentially divergent national laws and regulations, including with respect to emissions and similar certifications granted to us by the eu, as the u.k. determines which eu laws to replace or replicate. any of these effects of brexit, among others, could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
unanticipated changes in our effective tax rate, the adoption of new tax legislation or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could adversely affect our profitability.
we are subject to income taxes in the u.s. and numerous international jurisdictions. our income tax provision and cash tax liability in the future could be adversely affected by changes in earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in tax laws and the discovery of new information in the course of our tax return preparation process. the carrying value of deferred tax assets, which are predominantly in the u.s., is dependent on our ability to generate future taxable income in the u.s. we are also subject to ongoing tax audits. these audits can involve complex issues, which may require an extended period of time to resolve and can be highly judgmental. tax authorities may disagree with certain tax reporting positions taken by us and, as a result, assess additional taxes against us. we regularly assess the likely outcomes of these audits in order to determine the appropriateness of our tax provision. the amounts ultimately paid upon resolution of these or subsequent tax audits could be materially different from the amounts previously included in our income tax provision and, therefore, could have a material impact on our tax provision.
due to the international scope of our operations, we are subject to a complex system of commercial and trade regulations around the world. recent years have seen an increase in the development and enforcement of laws regarding trade compliance and anti-corruption, such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and similar laws from other countries, as well as new regulatory requirements regarding data privacy, such as the european union general data protection regulation. our numerous foreign subsidiaries, affiliates and joint venture partners are governed by laws, rules and business practices that differ from those of the u.s. the activities of these entities may not comply with u.s. laws or business practices or our code of business conduct. violations of these laws may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions, could disrupt our business and result in an adverse effect on our reputation, business and results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. we cannot predict the nature, scope or effect of future regulatory requirements to which our operations might be subject or the manner in which existing laws might be administered or interpreted.
our plants and operations are subject to increasingly stringent environmental laws and regulations in all of the countries in which we operate, including laws and regulations governing air emission, discharges to water and the generation, handling, storage, transportation, treatment and disposal of waste materials. while we believe that we are in compliance in all material respects with these environmental laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that we will not be adversely impacted by costs, liabilities or claims with respect to existing or subsequently acquired operations, under either present laws and regulations or those that may be adopted or imposed in the future. we are also subject to laws requiring the cleanup of contaminated property. if a release of hazardous substances occurs at or from any of our current or former properties or at a landfill or another location where we have disposed of hazardous materials, we may be held liable for the contamination and the amount of such liability could be material.
future bans or limitations on the use of diesel-powered vehicles or other applications could have a material adverse impact on our business over the long term.
in an effort to limit greenhouse gas emissions and combat climate change, multiple countries and cities have announced that they plan to implement a ban on the use in their countries or cities of diesel-powered products in the near or distant future. these countries include china, india and germany. in addition, california government officials have called for the state to phase out sales of diesel-powered certain vehicles by 2035. to the extent that these types of bans are actually implemented in the future on a broad basis, or in one or more of our key markets, our diesel business over the long-term could experience material adverse impacts.
business conditions / disruptions we are vulnerable to supply shortages from single-sourced suppliers, including suppliers that may be impacted by the covid-19 pandemic, and any delay in receiving critical supplies could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we single source a significant number of parts and raw materials critical to our business operations. any delay in our suppliers' deliveries may adversely affect our operations at multiple manufacturing locations, forcing us to seek alternative supply sources to avoid serious disruptions. delays may be caused by factors affecting our suppliers (including the covid-19 pandemic, capacity constraints, port congestion, labor disputes, economic downturns, availability of credit or impaired financial condition), suppliers' allocations to other purchasers, weather emergencies, natural disasters, acts of government or acts of war or terrorism. in particular, if the covid-19 pandemic continues and results in extended periods of travel, commercial and other restrictions, we could continue to incur global supply disruptions. any extended delay in receiving critical supplies could impair our ability to deliver products to our customers and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
a sustained market slowdown due to the impacts from the covid-19 pandemic, other public health crises, epidemics or pandemics or otherwise, could have a material and adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
the covid-19 pandemic triggered a significant downturn in our markets globally and these challenging market conditions could continue for an extended period of time. most global economies slowed and there is still much uncertainty as to when these global markets will fully recover. if any or all of these major markets were to endure a sustained slowdown or recession due to the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic, other public health crises, epidemics or pandemics or otherwise decline, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
our manufacturing and supply chain abilities may be materially and adversely impacted by an extended shutdown or disruption of our operations due to the covid-19 pandemic which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
the outbreak of covid-19 spread throughout the world and became a global pandemic with the resultant economic impacts evolving into a worldwide recession. the pandemic triggered a significant downturn in our markets globally, which continued to unfavorably impact market conditions throughout 2020 and these challenging market conditions could continue for an extended period of time. in an effort to contain the spread of covid-19, maintain the well-being of our employees and stakeholders, match the reduced demand from our customers and in accordance with governmental requirements, we closed or partially shut down certain office, manufacturing, distribution and technical center facilities around the world in march 2020. although most of our manufacturing, distribution and technical center facilities re-opened early in the second quarter of 2020, some operated at reduced capacities, most of our global office buildings remained closed through the remainder of 2020. despite many of our markets recovering in the second half of 2020, the ongoing spread of the virus prior to widespread vaccination presents several risks to our business, especially in the first half of 2021. while the impacts of the pandemic and the resulting global recession are expected to be temporary, the duration of the production and supply chain disruptions, and related financial impacts, cannot be estimated at this time. should the reduced manufacturing and distribution capacities continue for an extended period of time or worsen, the impact on our production and supply chain could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we face the challenge of accurately aligning our capacity with our demand.
our markets are cyclical in nature and we face periods when demand fluctuates significantly higher or lower than our normal operating levels, including covid-19 related shut-downs. accurately forecasting our expected volumes and appropriately adjusting our capacity are important factors in determining our results of operations and cash flows. we manage our capacity by adjusting our manufacturing workforce, capital expenditures and purchases from suppliers. in periods of weak demand we may face under-utilized capacity and un-recovered overhead costs, while in periods of strong demand we may experience unplanned costs and could fail to meet customer demand. we cannot guarantee that we will be able to adequately adjust our manufacturing capacity in response to significant changes in customer demand, which could harm our business. in addition, the covid-19 pandemic and related reductions in demand forced certain of our customer's facilities around the world to close or partially shut down operations, inhibiting our ability to forecast demand and caused related closures and partial shut-downs of certain of our manufacturing facilities. if we do not accurately align our manufacturing capabilities with demand it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
our truck manufacturers and oem customers discontinuing outsourcing their engine supply needs, financial distress, particularly related to the covid-19 pandemic or bankruptcy, or a change-in-control of one of our large truck oem customers could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we recognize significant sales of engines and components to a few large on-highway truck oem customers which have been an integral part of our positive business results for several years. many are truck manufacturers or oems that manufacture engines for some of their own vehicles. despite their own engine manufacturing abilities, these customers have historically chosen to outsource certain types of engine production to us due to the quality of our engine products, our emission compliance capabilities, our systems integration, their customers' preferences, their desire for cost reductions, their desire for eliminating production risks and their desire to maintain company focus. however, there can be no assurance that these customers will continue to outsource, or outsource as much of, their engine production in the future. in addition, increased levels of oem vertical integration could result from a number of factors, such as shifts in our customers' business strategies, acquisition by a customer of another engine manufacturer, the inability of third-party suppliers to meet product specifications and the emergence of low-cost production opportunities in foreign countries. any significant reduction in the level of engine production outsourcing from our truck manufacturer or oem customers, financial distress of one of our large truck oem customers due to the covid-19 pandemic or bankruptcy or a change-in-control, could likely lead to significant reductions in our sales volumes, commercial disputes, receivable collection issues, and other negative consequences that could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
a slowdown in infrastructure development and/or depressed commodity prices could adversely affect our business.
infrastructure development and strong commodity prices have been significant drivers of our historical growth, but as the pace of investment in infrastructure slowed in recent years (especially in china and brazil), commodity prices were significantly lower and demand for our products in off-highway markets was weak. weakness in commodity prices, including any negative impacts on commodity prices such as oil, gas and coal, adversely impacted mining industry participants' demand for vehicles and equipment that contain our engines and other products over the past several years. continued deterioration in infrastructure and commodities markets, including the impacts from covid-19, could adversely affect our customers' demand for vehicles and equipment and, as a result, could adversely affect our business.
a significant component of our investment in the eaton cummins automated transmission technologies joint venture related to the expected growth in automated transmission products in north america and china. while we believe we will ultimately achieve these objectives, it is possible that we will be unable to achieve our original expectations within our anticipated time frame or in the anticipated amounts. as part of the purchase accounting associated with the formation of the joint venture, significant goodwill and intangible asset balances were recorded on the consolidated balance sheet. if cash flows from the joint venture fall short of our anticipated amounts, these assets could be subject to non-cash impairment charges, negatively impacting our earnings.
we derive significant earnings from investees that we do not directly control, with more than 50 percent of these earnings from our china-based investees.
for 2020, we recognized $452 million of equity, royalty and interest income from investees, compared to $330 million in 2019. approximately half of our equity, royalty and interest income from investees is from four of our 50 percent owned joint ventures in china - beijing foton cummins engine co., ltd., dongfeng cummins engine company, ltd., chongqing cummins engine company, ltd. and dongfeng cummins emission solutions co. ltd. although a significant percentage of our net income is derived from these unconsolidated entities, we do not unilaterally control their management or their operations, which puts a substantial portion of our net income at risk from the actions or inactions of these entities. a significant reduction in the level of contribution by these entities to our net income would likely have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows.
our products are subject to recall for performance or safety-related issues. product recalls subject us to reputational risk, loss of current and future customers, reduced revenue and product recall costs. product recall costs are incurred when we decide, either voluntarily or involuntarily, to recall a product through a formal campaign to solicit the return of specific products due to known or suspected performance or safety issues. any significant product recalls could have material adverse effects on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. see note 12, "product warranty liability" to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
we are investing in new products and technologies, including electrified powertrains, hydrogen production and fuel cells, for planned introduction into certain new and existing markets. given the early stages of development of some of these new products and technologies, there can be no guarantee of the future market acceptance and investment returns with respect to our planned products, which will face competition from an array of other technologies and manufacturers. the increased adoption of electrified powertrains in some market segments could result in lower demand for current diesel or natural gas engines and components and, over time, reduce the demand for related parts and service revenues from diesel or natural gas powertrains. furthermore, it is possible that we may not be successful in developing segment-leading electrified or alternate fuel powertrains and some of our existing customers could choose to develop their own, or source from other manufacturers, and any of these factors could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
lower-than-anticipated market acceptance of our new or existing products or services could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
although we conduct market research before launching new or refreshed engines and introducing new services, many factors both within and outside our control affect the success of new or existing products and services in the marketplace. offering engines and services that customers desire and value can mitigate the risks of increasing competition and declining demand, but products and services that are perceived to be less than desirable (whether in terms of price, quality, overall value, fuel efficiency or other attributes) can exacerbate these risks. with increased consumer interconnectedness through the internet, social media and other media, mere allegations relating to poor quality, safety, fuel efficiency, corporate responsibility or other key attributes can negatively impact our reputation or market acceptance of our products or services, even if such allegations prove to be inaccurate or unfounded.
our products are exposed to variability in material and commodity costs.
our businesses establish prices with our customers in accordance with contractual time frames; however, the timing of material and commodity market price increases may prevent us from passing these additional costs on to our customers through timely pricing actions. additionally, higher material and commodity costs around the world may offset our efforts to reduce our cost structure. while we customarily enter into financial transactions and contractual pricing adjustment provisions with our customers that attempt to address some of these risks (notably with respect to copper, platinum and palladium), there can be no assurance that commodity price fluctuations will not adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. in addition, while the use of commodity price hedging instruments and contractual pricing adjustments may provide us with some protection from adverse fluctuations in commodity prices, by utilizing these instruments, we potentially forego the benefits that might result from favorable fluctuations in price. as a result, higher material and commodity costs, as well as hedging these commodity costs during periods of decreasing prices, could result in declining margins.
our business is exposed to potential product liability claims.
we face an inherent business risk of exposure to product liability claims in the event that our products' failure to perform to specification results, or is alleged to result, in property damage, bodily injury and/or death. at any given time, we are subject to various and multiple product liability claims, any one of which, if decided adversely to us, may have a material adverse effect on our reported results of operation in the period in which our liability with respect to any such claim is recognized. while we maintain insurance coverage with respect to certain product liability claims, we may not be able to obtain such insurance on acceptable terms in the future, if at all, and any such insurance may not provide adequate coverage against product liability claims. in addition, product liability claims can be expensive to defend and can divert the attention of management and other personnel for significant periods of time, regardless of the ultimate outcome. furthermore, even if we are successful in defending against a claim relating to our products, claims of this nature could cause our customers to lose confidence in our products and us.
general the covid-19 pandemic created disruptions and turmoil in global credit and financial markets and ongoing impacts could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
the covid-19 pandemic created disruptions and turmoil in the global credit and financial markets and made it more difficult and costly for us to access capital on favorable terms to meet our liquidity needs. the disruptions to the global credit and financial markets could also have material negative impacts on business operations and financial positions of our customers and suppliers, which may negatively impact our orders, sales and supply chain. if the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic on global credit and financial markets continue, or worsen, it could negatively impact our business, along with the financial condition of our customers and suppliers, and it could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
at december 31, 2020, we employed approximately 57,825 persons worldwide. approximately 20,279 of our employees worldwide were represented by various unions under collective bargaining agreements that expire between 2021 and 2025. while we have no reason to believe that we will be materially impacted by work stoppages or other labor matters, there can be no assurance that future issues with our labor unions will be resolved favorably or that we will not encounter future strikes, work stoppages, or other types of conflicts with labor unions or our employees. any of these consequences may have an adverse effect on us or may limit our flexibility in dealing with our workforce. in addition, many of our customers and suppliers have unionized work forces. work stoppages or slowdowns experienced by us, our customers or suppliers, including any work stoppages or slowdowns related to the covid-19 pandemic, could result in slowdowns or closures that would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.
we rely on our executive leadership team and other key personnel as a critical part of our human capital resources.
we depend on the skills, institutional knowledge, working relationships, and continued services and contributions of key personnel, including our executive leadership team as a critical part of our human capital resources. in addition, our ability to achieve our operating and strategic goals depends on our ability to identify, hire, train and retain qualified individuals. we compete with other companies both within and outside of our industry for talented personnel and we may lose key personnel or fail to attract, train and retain other talented personnel. any such loss or failure could have material adverse effects on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
in particular, our continued success will depend in part on our ability to retain the talents and dedication of key employees. if key employees terminate their employment or become ill as a result of the covid-19 pandemic or otherwise, our business activities may be adversely affected and our management team's attention may be diverted. in addition, we may not be able to locate suitable replacements for any key employees who leave.
the scientific consensus indicates that emissions of greenhouse gases (ghg) continue to alter the composition of earth's atmosphere in ways that are affecting, and are expected to continue to affect, the global climate. the potential impacts of climate change on our customers, product offerings, operations, facilities and suppliers are accelerating and uncertain, as they will be particular to local and customer-specific circumstances. these potential impacts may include, among other items, physical long-term changes in freshwater availability and the frequency and severity of weather events as well as customer product changes either through preference or regulation.
concerns regarding climate change may lead to additional international, national, regional and local legislative and regulatory responses. various stakeholders, including legislators and regulators, shareholders and non-governmental organizations, are continuing to look for ways to reduce ghg emissions. we could face risks to our brand reputation, investor confidence and market share due to an inability to innovate and develop new products that decrease ghg emissions. increased input costs, such as fuel and electricity, and compliance-related costs could also impact customer operations and demand for our products. as the impact of any future ghg legislative or regulatory requirements on our global businesses and products is dependent on the timing, scope and design of the mandates or standards, we are currently unable to predict its potential impact which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. the regulation of ghg emissions could also increase our operating costs through higher utility, transportation and materials costs.
our plan to reposition our portfolio of product offerings through exploration of strategic acquisitions and divestitures may expose us to additional costs and risks.
part of our strategic plan is to improve our revenue growth, gross margins and earnings by exploring the repositioning of our portfolio of product line offerings through the pursuit of potential strategic acquisitions and/or divestitures to provide future strategic, financial and operational benefits and improve shareholder value. there can be no assurance that we will be able to identify suitable candidates or consummate these transactions on favorable terms. the successful identification and completion of any strategic transaction depends on a number of factors that are not entirely within our control, including the availability of suitable candidates and our ability to negotiate terms acceptable to all parties involved, conclude satisfactory agreements and obtain all necessary regulatory approvals. accordingly, we may not be able to successfully negotiate and complete specific transactions. the exploration, negotiation and consummation of strategic transactions may involve significant expenditures by us, which may adversely affect our results of operations at the time such expenses are incurred, and may divert management's attention from our existing business. strategic transactions also may have adverse effects on our existing business relationships with suppliers and customers.if required, the financing for strategic acquisitions could result in an increase in our indebtedness, dilute the interests of our shareholders or both. any acquisition may not be accretive to us for a significant period of time following the completion of such acquisition. also, our ability to effectively integrate any potential acquisition into our existing business and culture may not be successful, which could jeopardize future financial and operational performance for the combined businesses. in addition, if an acquisition results in any additional goodwill or increase in other intangible assets on our balance sheet and subsequently becomes impaired, we would be required to record a non-cash impairment charge, which could result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition.similarly, any strategic divestiture of a product line or business may reduce our revenue and earnings, reduce the diversity of our business, result in substantial costs and expenses and cause disruption to our employees, customers, vendors and communities in which we operate.
our information technology systems and our products are exposed to potential security breaches or other disruptions which may adversely impact our competitive position, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we rely on the capacity, reliability and security of our information technology systems and data security infrastructure in connection with various aspects of our business activities. we also rely on our ability to expand and continually update these systems and related infrastructure in response to the changing needs of our business. as we implement new systems, they may not perform as expected. we face the challenge of supporting our older systems and implementing necessary upgrades. in addition, some of these systems are managed by third-party service providers and are not under our direct control. if we experience a problem with an important information technology system, including during system upgrades and/or new system implementations, the resulting disruptions could have an adverse effect on our business and reputation. as customers adopt and rely on cloud-based digital technologies and services we offer, any disruption of the confidentiality, integrity or availability of those services could have an adverse effect on our business and reputation.
the data handled by our information technology systems is vulnerable to security threats. our operations routinely involve receiving, storing, processing and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to our business, customers, dealers, suppliers, employees and other sensitive matters. while we continually work to safeguard our systems and mitigate potential risks, there is no assurance that these actions will be sufficient to prevent information technology security threats, such as security breaches, computer malware, computer viruses and other "cyber attacks," which are increasing in both frequency and sophistication, along with power outages or hardware failures. these threats could result in unauthorized public disclosures of information, create financial liability, subject us to legal or regulatory sanctions, disrupt our ability to conduct our business, result in the loss of intellectual property or damage our reputation with customers, dealers, suppliers and other stakeholders. as a result of the covid-19 pandemic and resulting government actions to restrict movement, a large percentage of our salaried employees are working remotely. this remote working environment may pose a heightened risk for security breaches or other disruptions of our information technology systems.
in addition, our products, including our engines, contain interconnected and increasingly complex systems that control various processes and these systems are potentially subject to "cyber attacks" and disruption. the impact of a significant information technology event on either of our information technology systems or our products could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we are exposed to political, economic and other risks that arise from operating a multinational business.
our business is subject to the political, economic and other risks that are inherent in operating in numerous countries. these risks include:
•the imposition of taxes on foreign income and tax rates in certain foreign countries that exceed those in the u.s.;
•the imposition of tariffs, exchange controls or other restrictions;
•required compliance with a variety of foreign laws and regulations; and
•changes in general economic and political conditions in countries where we operate, particularly in emerging markets.
as we continue to operate our business globally, our success will depend, in part, on our ability to anticipate and effectively manage these and other related risks. there can be no assurance that the consequences of these and other factors relating to our multinational operations will not have a material adverse effect upon us.
we face significant competition in the regions we serve.
the markets in which we operate are highly competitive. we compete worldwide with a number of other manufacturers and distributors that produce and sell similar products. we primarily compete with diesel engines and related diesel products; however, new technologies continue to be developed for gasoline, natural gas, electrification and other technologies and we will continue to face new competition from these expanding technologies. our products primarily compete on the basis of performance, price, total cost of ownership, fuel economy, emissions compliance, speed of delivery, quality and customer support. we also face competitors in some emerging regions who have established local practices and long standing relationships with participants in these markets. there can be no assurance that our products will be able to compete successfully with the products of other companies and in other markets.
increasing global competition among our customers may affect our existing customer relationships and restrict our ability to benefit from some of our customers' growth.
as our customers in emerging markets continue to grow in size and scope, they are increasingly seeking to export their products to other countries. this has meant greater demand for our advanced engine technologies to help these customers meet the more stringent emissions requirements of developed markets, as well as greater demand for access to our distribution systems for purposes of equipment servicing. as these emerging market customers enter into, and begin to compete in more developed markets, they may increasingly begin to compete with our existing customers in these markets. our further aid to emerging market customers could adversely affect our relationships with developed market customers. in addition, to the extent the competition does not correspond to overall growth in demand, we may see little or no benefit from this type of expansion by our emerging market customers.
we conduct operations in many areas of the world involving transactions denominated in a variety of currencies. we are subject to foreign currency exchange rate risk to the extent that our costs are denominated in currencies other than those in which we earn revenues. in addition, since our financial statements are denominated in u.s. dollars, changes in foreign currency exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and other currencies have had, and will continue to have, an impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. the u.s. dollar strengthened in recent years resulting in material unfavorable impacts on our revenues in those years. if the u.s. dollar continues strengthening against other currencies, we will experience additional volatility in our financial statements.while we customarily enter into financial transactions that attempt to address these risks and many of our supply agreements with customers include foreign currency exchange rate adjustment provisions, there can be no assurance that foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations will not adversely affect our future results of operations and cash flows. in addition, while the use of currency hedging instruments may provide us with some protection from adverse fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, by utilizing these instruments we potentially forego the benefits that might result from favorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.we also face risks arising from the imposition of foreign exchange controls and currency devaluations. foreign exchange controls may limit our ability to convert foreign currencies into u.s. dollars or to remit dividends and other payments by our foreign subsidiaries or businesses located in or conducted within a country imposing controls. currency devaluations result in a diminished value of funds denominated in the currency of the country instituting the devaluation. see management's discussion and analysis for additional information.
significant declines in future financial and stock market conditions, particularly those related to the global recession due to the covid-19 pandemic, could diminish our pension plan asset performance and adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.
we sponsor both funded and unfunded domestic and foreign defined benefit pension and other retirement plans. our pension cost and the required contributions to our pension plans are directly affected by the value of plan assets, the projected and actual rates of return on plan assets and the actuarial assumptions we use to measure our defined benefit pension plan obligations, including the discount rate at which future projected and accumulated pension obligations are discounted to a present value. we could experience increased pension cost due to a combination of factors, including the decreased investment performance of pension plan assets, decreases in the discount rate and changes in our assumptions relating to the expected return on plan assets.significant declines in current and future financial and stock market conditions related to the covid-19 pandemic could cause material losses in our pension plan assets, which could result in increased pension cost in future years and adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. depending upon the severity and length of market declines and government regulatory changes, we may be legally obligated to make pension payments in the u.s. and perhaps other countries and these contributions could be material.
we are exposed to risks arising from the price and availability of energy.
the level of demand for our products and services is influenced in multiple ways by the price and availability of energy. high energy costs generally drive greater demand for better fuel economy in almost all countries in which we operate. some of our engine products have been developed with a primary purpose of offering fuel economy improvements, and if energy costs decrease or increase less than expected, demand for these products may likewise decrease. the relative unavailability of electricity in some emerging market countries also influences demand for our electricity generating products, such as our diesel generators. if these countries add energy capacity by expanding their power grids at a rate equal to or faster than the growth in demand for energy, the demand for our generating products could also decrease or increase less than would otherwise be the case.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations organization of information the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a) was prepared to provide the reader with a view and perspective of our business through the eyes of management and should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes to those financial statements. our md&a is presented in the following sections:
•liquidity and capital resources
•contractual obligations and other commercial commitments
•application of critical accounting estimates
•recently adopted accounting pronouncements the following is the discussion and analysis of changes in the financial condition and results of operations for fiscal year 2020 compared to fiscal year 2019. the discussion and analysis of fiscal year 2018 and changes in the financial condition and results of operations for fiscal year 2019 compared to fiscal year 2018 that are not included in this form 10-k may be found in part ii, item 7 of our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2019, filed with the securities and exchange commission (sec) on february 11, 2020.
executive summary and financial highlights overview we are a global power leader that designs, manufactures, distributes and services diesel, natural gas, electric and hybrid powertrains and powertrain-related components including filtration, aftertreatment, turbochargers, fuel systems, controls systems, air handling systems, automated transmissions, electric power generation systems, batteries, electrified power systems, hydrogen production and fuel cell products. we sell our products to original equipment manufacturers (oems), distributors, dealers and other customers worldwide. we have long-standing relationships with many of the leading manufacturers in the markets we serve, including paccar inc, navistar international corporation, daimler trucks north america and stellantis n.v. (chrysler). we serve our customers through a network of over 500 wholly-owned, joint venture and independent distributor locations and over 9,000 cummins certified dealer locations with service to approximately 190 countries and territories.
our reportable operating segments consist of engine, distribution, components, power systems and new power. this reporting structure is organized according to the products and markets each segment serves. the engine segment produces engines (15 liters and smaller) and associated parts for sale to customers in on-highway and various off-highway markets. our engines are used in trucks of all sizes, buses and recreational vehicles, as well as in various industrial applications, including construction, agriculture, power generation systems and other off-highway applications. the distribution segment includes wholly-owned and partially-owned distributorships engaged in wholesaling engines, generator sets and service parts, as well as performing service and repair activities on our products and maintaining relationships with various oems throughout the world. the components segment sells filtration products, aftertreatment systems, turbochargers, electronics, fuel systems and automated transmissions. the power systems segment is an integrated power provider, which designs, manufactures and sells engines (16 liters and larger) for industrial applications (including mining, oil and gas, marine and rail), standby and prime power generator sets, alternators and other power components. the new power segment designs, manufactures, sells and supports hydrogen production solutions as well as electrified power systems ranging from fully electric to hybrid along with innovative components and subsystems, including battery and fuel cell technologies. we continue to serve all our markets as they adopt electrification and alternative power technologies, meeting the needs of our oem partners and end customers.
our financial performance depends, in large part, on varying conditions in the markets we serve, particularly the on-highway, construction and general industrial markets. demand in these markets tends to fluctuate in response to overall economic conditions. our sales may also be impacted by oem inventory levels, production schedules and stoppages. economic downturns in markets we serve generally result in reduced sales of our products and can result in price reductions in certain products and/or markets. as a worldwide business, our operations are also affected by currency, political, economic, public health crises, epidemics or pandemics and regulatory matters, including adoption and enforcement of environmental and emission standards, in the countries we serve. as part of our growth strategy, we invest in businesses in certain countries that carry high levels of these risks such as china, brazil, india, mexico, russia and countries in the middle east and africa. at the same time, our geographic diversity and broad product and service offerings have helped limit the impact from a drop in demand in any one industry or customer or the economy of any single country on our consolidated results.
covid-19 update the outbreak of covid-19 spread throughout the world and became a global pandemic with the resultant economic impacts evolving into a worldwide recession. the pandemic triggered a significant downturn in our markets globally, which continued to unfavorably impact market conditions throughout 2020 and these challenging market conditions could continue for an extended period of time. in an effort to contain the spread of covid-19, maintain the well-being of our employees and stakeholders, match the reduced demand from our customers and in accordance with governmental requirements, we closed or partially shut down certain office, manufacturing, distribution and technical center facilities around the world in march 2020. although most of our manufacturing, distribution and technical center facilities re-opened early in the second quarter of 2020, some operated at reduced capacities, most of our global office buildings remained closed through the remainder of 2020. despite many of our markets recovering in the second half of 2020, the ongoing spread of the virus prior to widespread vaccination presents several risks to our business, especially in the first half of 2021.
covid-19 vaccines are currently being administered around the world with the hope that the majority of the population will have access to the vaccine by the middle of 2021. if the distribution and the effectiveness of the vaccine are consistent with current government and health organization estimates, we anticipate the vaccine will mitigate the spread of the virus by the end of 2021 and allow a return to more normal operations in the second half of the year.
while the impacts of the pandemic and the resulting global recession are expected to be temporary, the duration of the production and supply chain disruptions, and related financial impacts, cannot be estimated at this time. should the reduced manufacturing and distribution capacities continue for an extended period of time or worsen, the impact on our production and supply chain could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. our board of directors (the board) continues to monitor and evaluate all of these factors along with the continuing impacts of the covid-19 pandemic on our business and operations.
worldwide revenues decreased 16 percent in 2020 compared to 2019, as we experienced lower demand in all major operating segments and most geographic regions due to the economic impacts of covid-19 and the anticipated 2020 down cycle in most of our markets. net sales in the u.s. and canada declined by 21 percent primarily due to covid-19 impacts resulting in decreased demand in the north american on-highway markets, which also negatively impacted our emission solutions, automated transmissions and turbo technologies businesses, reduced sales in all distribution product lines, decreased demand for power generation equipment and lower demand in off-highway markets (especially construction). international demand (excludes the u.s. and canada) declined by 7 percent compared to 2019, with lower sales in all geographic regions except china. the decrease in international sales was principally due to covid-19 impacts resulting in lower demand for industrial products (primarily international mining markets), decreased demand for power generation equipment, lower volumes in on-highway markets (mainly medium-duty truck markets), reduced demand in all distribution product lines and unfavorable foreign currency impacts of 2 percent of international sales (primarily the brazilian real and indian rupee), partially offset by higher demand in our emission solutions business in china and india and our electronics and fuel systems business in china.
the following table contains sales and ebitda (defined as earnings or losses before interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization and noncontrolling interests) by operating segment for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019. see note 22, "operating segments," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information and a reconciliation of our segment information to the corresponding amounts in our consolidated statements of net income.
of total                                                                   of total in millions                                       sales                  ebitda                    sales                    ebitda                   sales                    ebitda engine                                       $8,022                     41    %               $1,235                  $10,056                      43    %               $1,454                    (20)   %                  (15)   %
net income attributable to cummins inc. for 2020 was $1.8 billion, or $12.01 per diluted share, on sales of $19.8 billion, compared to 2019 net income attributable to cummins inc. of $2.3 billion, or $14.48 per diluted share, on sales of $23.6 billion. the decrease in net income attributable to cummins inc. and earnings per diluted share was driven by lower net sales, decreased gross margin, a higher effective tax rate and unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations (primarily the brazilian real), partially offset by prior restructuring actions, temporary salary reductions and reduced variable compensation resulting in lower overall compensation expenses, increased equity, royalty and interest income from investees primarily in china (due to stronger demand for construction equipment and trucks) and favorable adjustments related to india tax law changes in march 2020. the decrease in gross margin and gross margin percentage was mainly due to lower volumes, partially offset by prior restructuring actions, temporary salary reductions and lower variable compensation resulting in decreased compensation expenses and lower material costs. diluted earnings per common share for 2020 benefited $0.24 per share from fewer weighted-average shares outstanding, primarily due to the stock repurchase program.
we generated $2.7 billion of operating cash flows in 2020, compared to $3.2 billion in 2019. see the section titled "cash flows" in the "liquidity and capital resources" section for a discussion of items impacting cash flows.
our debt to capital ratio (total capital defined as debt plus equity) at december 31, 2020, was 31.7 percent, compared to 21.9 percent at december 31, 2019. the increase was primarily due to a $1,797 million higher total debt balance as the result of our august 2020 debt issuance. at december 31, 2020, we had $3.9 billion in cash and marketable securities on hand and access to our $3.5 billion credit facilities, if necessary, to meet currently anticipated working capital, investment and funding needs.
in the first half of 2020, we entered into additional interest rate lock agreements to reduce the variability of the cash flows of the interest payments on a total of $500 million of fixed rate debt forecast to be issued in 2023 to replace our senior notes at maturity.
in 2020, we repurchased $641 million or 3.9 million shares of common stock. see note 15, "cummins inc. shareholders' equity" to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
on august 19, 2020, we entered into an amended and restated 364-day credit agreement that allows us to borrow up to $1.5 billion of unsecured funds at any time prior to august 18, 2021. this credit agreement amended and restated the prior $1.5 billion-day credit facility that matured on august 19, 2020.
in 2020, the investment gain on our u.s. pension trust was 8.9 percent while our u.k. pension trust gain was 13.7 percent. our global pension plans, including our unfunded and non-qualified plans, were 112 percent funded at december 31, 2020. our u.s. defined benefit plan, which represents approximately 52 percent of the worldwide pension obligation, was 128 percent funded, and our u.k. defined benefit plan was 114 percent funded. we expect to contribute approximately $75 million in cash to our global pension plans in 2021. in addition, we expect our 2021 net periodic pension cost to approximate $78 million. see application of critical accounting estimates within md&a and note 13, "pensions and other postretirement benefits," to the consolidated financial statements, for additional information concerning our pension and other postretirement benefit plans.
on april 29, 2019, we announced that we were conducting a formal internal review of our emissions certification process and compliance with emission standards for our pick-up truck applications, following conversations with the u.s. environmental protection agency and california air resources board regarding certification of our engines in model year 2019 ram 2500 and 3500 trucks. we voluntarily disclosed our formal internal review to the regulators and to other government agencies, the department of justice (doj) and the sec. we fully cooperated with the doj's and the sec's information requests and inquiries and, based on recent communications with these agencies, we do not expect further inquiries. due to the continuing nature of our formal review, our ongoing cooperation with our regulators and the presence of many unknown facts and circumstances, we cannot predict the final outcome of this review and these regulatory processes, and we cannot provide assurance that the matter will not have a materially adverse impact on our results of operations and cash flows. see note 14, "commitments and contingencies," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
as of the date of this filing, our credit ratings and outlooks from the credit rating agencies remain unchanged.
equity, royalty and interest income from investees                                  452                         330                         394                        122                         37    %                    (64)                       (16)    %
sales to international markets (excluding the u.s. and canada), based on location of customers, were 42 percent of total net sales in 2020, compared with 38 percent of total net sales in 2019. a more detailed discussion of sales by segment is presented in the "operating segment results" section.
cost of sales the types of expenses included in cost of sales are the following: parts and material consumption, including direct and indirect materials; salaries, wages and benefits; depreciation on production equipment and facilities and amortization of technology intangibles; estimated costs of warranty programs and campaigns; production utilities; production-related purchasing; warehousing, including receiving and inspection; engineering support costs; repairs and maintenance; production and warehousing facility property insurance; rent for production facilities and other production overhead.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses decreased $329 million, primarily due to prior restructuring actions, temporary salary reductions and lower variable compensation resulting in decreased compensation expenses and reduced travel expenses. overall, selling, general and administrative expenses, as a percentage of sales, increased to 10.7 percent in 2020 from 10.4 percent in 2019. the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales was primarily due to sales declining faster than selling, general and administrative expenses, despite lower compensation expenses.
research, development and engineering expenses research, development and engineering expenses decreased $95 million, primarily due to prior restructuring actions, temporary salary reductions and lower variable compensation resulting in decreased compensation expenses and reduced consulting expenses. overall, research, development and engineering expenses, as a percentage of sales, increased to 4.6 percent in 2020 from 4.2 percent in 2019, primarily due to sales declining faster than research, development and engineering expenses decreased, despite lower compensation expenses. research activities continue to focus on development of new products to meet future emission standards around the world, improvements in fuel economy performance of diesel and natural gas-powered engines and related components as well as development activities around fully electric, hybrid and hydrogen powertrain solutions.
equity, royalty and interest income from investees equity, royalty and interest income from investees increased $122 million, primarily due to higher earnings at beijing foton cummins engine co., ltd., a $37 million favorable adjustment as the result of tax changes within india's 2020-2021 union budget of india (india tax law changes) passed in march 2020 and $18 million of technology fee revenue recorded in the first quarter of 2020. see note 4, "income taxes" to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on india tax law changes.
restructuring actions in the fourth quarter of 2019, we began executing restructuring actions, primarily in the form of voluntary and involuntary employee separation programs. to the extent these programs involved voluntary separations, a liability was recorded at the time offers to employees were accepted. to the extent these programs provided separation benefits in accordance with pre-existing agreements or policies, a liability was recorded once the amount was probable and reasonably estimable. we incurred a charge of $119 million ($90 million after-tax) in the fourth quarter of 2019 for these actions which impacted approximately 2,300 employees. the voluntary actions were completed by december 31, 2019 and the involuntary actions were completed by june 28, 2020. see note 21, "restructuring actions," to the consolidated financial statements, for additional information.
loss on write-off of assets                                                                    (20)                                                                    (22)                     (1)
(1) includes $19 million of the total $33 million charge related to ending production of the 5 liter isv engine for the u.s. pick-up truck market.
interest expense interest expense decreased $9 million, mainly due to lower interest rates on average outstanding short-term borrowings, partially offset by increased interest expense associated with our $2 billion senior unsecured notes issued in august of 2020.
non-service pension and opeb credit                                                                $65                                                                     $71
gain on marketable securities, net                                                                   9                                                                      11
the year ended december 31, 2020, contained $26 million, or $0.17 per share, of unfavorable net discrete tax items, primarily due to $33 million of unfavorable changes in tax reserves and $10 million of withholding tax adjustments, partially offset by $15 million of favorable changes due to the india tax law change. the india tax law change eliminated the dividend distribution tax and replaced it with a lower rate withholding tax as the burden shifted from the dividend payor to the dividend recipient for a net favorable income statement impact of $35 million. see note 4, "income taxes" to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on india tax law changes.
the year ended december 31, 2019, contained $34 million of favorable net discrete tax items, primarily due to withholding taxes and provision to return adjustments.
the change in effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2020, versus year ended december 31, 2019, was primarily due to a $60 million swing from favorable to unfavorable net discrete tax items.
our effective tax rate for 2021 is expected to approximate 22.5 percent, excluding any discrete items that may arise.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests noncontrolling interests eliminate the income or loss attributable to non-cummins ownership interests in our consolidated entities. noncontrolling interests in income of consolidated subsidiaries increased $14 million principally due to a $19 million unfavorable adjustment as the result of india tax law changes passed in march 2020. see note 4, "income taxes" to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on india tax law changes.
net income and diluted earnings per share attributable to cummins inc. decreased $471 million and $2.47 per share, respectively, primarily due to lower net sales, decreased gross margin, a higher effective tax rate and unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations (primarily the brazilian real), partially offset by prior restructuring actions, temporary salary reductions and reduced variable compensation resulting in lower overall compensation expenses, increased equity, royalty and interest income from investees primarily in china (due to stronger demand for construction equipment and trucks) and favorable adjustments related to india tax law changes in march 2020. diluted earnings per common share for 2020 benefited $0.24 per share from fewer weighted-average shares outstanding, primarily due to the stock repurchase program.
in millions                                                                  translation adjustment               primary currency driver vs. u.s. dollar                                          translation adjustment                    primary currency driver vs. u.s. dollar wholly-owned subsidiaries                                                             $23                         chinese renminbi, offset by brazilian real and british pound                     $(126)                                    british pound, chinese renminbi, indian rupee, brazilian real equity method investments                                                              58                         chinese renminbi                                                                 (21)                                      chinese renminbi, british pound consolidated subsidiaries with a noncontrolling interest                             (10)                         indian rupee                                                                     (5)                                       indian rupee total                                                                                 $71                                                                                                          $(152)
operating segment results our reportable operating segments consist of the engine, distribution, components, power systems and new power segments. this reporting structure is organized according to the products and markets each segment serves. we use segment ebitda as the primary basis for the chief operating decision maker to evaluate the performance of each of our reportable operating segments. we believe ebitda is a useful measure of our operating performance as it assists investors and debt holders in comparing our performance on a consistent basis without regard to financing methods, capital structure, income taxes or depreciation and amortization methods, which can vary significantly depending upon many factors. segment amounts exclude certain expenses not specifically identifiable to segments. see note 22, "operating segments," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information and a reconciliation of our segment information to the corresponding amounts in our consolidated statements of net income.
equity, royalty and interest income from investees                      312                         200                         238                        112                         56    %                    (38)                       (16)    %
segment ebitda (excluding restructuring actions)                      1,235                       1,472                       1,446                      (237)                       (16)    %                      26                          2    %
restructuring actions                                                     -                          18                           -                         18                        100    %                    (18)                              nm segment ebitda                                                        1,235                       1,454                       1,446                      (219)                       (15)    %                       8                          1    %
percentage points                                       percentage points segment ebitda as a percentage of total sales                          15.4   %                    14.5   %                    13.7   %                                               0.9                                                     0.8
unit shipments by engine classification (including unit shipments to power systems and off-highway engine units included in their respective classification) were as follows:
total unit shipments                  529,200                     651,900                     713,000         (122,700)                       (19)    %                  (61,100)                        (9)    %
•heavy-duty truck engine sales decreased $907 million principally due to lower volumes in north america with lower shipments of 35 percent, partially offset by stronger demand in china.
•medium-duty truck and bus sales decreased $641 million mainly due to lower demand in north america with decreased shipments of 30 percent.
•light-duty automotive sales decreased $257 million primarily due to lower pick-up sales in north america with decreased shipments of 16 percent.
segment ebitda engine segment ebitda decreased $219 million, primarily due to lower gross margin, partially offset by increased equity, royalty and interest income from investees, lower selling, general and administrative expenses and decreased research, development and engineering expenses. gross margin and gross margin as a percentage of sales decreased mainly due to lower volumes, partially offset by prior restructuring actions, temporary salary reductions and lower variable compensation resulting in lower compensation expenses and decreased material costs. selling, general and administrative expenses decreased principally due to prior restructuring actions, temporary salary reductions and lower variable compensation resulting in decreased compensation expenses, reduced consulting expenses and lower travel expenses. research, development and engineering expenses decreased principally due to prior restructuring actions, temporary salary reductions and lower variable compensation resulting in decreased compensation expenses and reduced consulting expenses. equity, royalty and interest income from investees increased largely due to higher earnings at beijing foton cummins engine co., ltd. and increased earnings at tata cummins ltd., mainly due to an $18 million favorable adjustment related to india tax law changes passed in march 2020 and $18 million of technology fee revenue recorded in the first quarter of 2020. see note 4, "income taxes" to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on india tax law changes.
equity, royalty and interest income from investees                       62                          52                          46                       10                         19    %                     6                         13    %
segment ebitda (excluding restructuring actions)                        665                         693                         563                     (28)                        (4)    %                   130                         23    %
restructuring actions                                                     -                          37                           -                       37                        100    %                  (37)                              nm segment ebitda                                                          665                         656                         563                        9                          1    %                    93                         17    %
percentage points                                     percentage points segment ebitda as a percentage of total sales                           9.3   %                     8.1   %                     7.2   %                                             1.2                                                   0.9
segment ebitda distribution segment ebitda increased $9 million, primarily due to decreased selling, general and administrative expenses, lower restructuring charges and higher equity, royalty and interest income from investees, partially offset by lower gross margin. gross margin decreased mainly due to lower volumes, partially offset by prior restructuring actions, temporary salary reductions and lower variable compensation resulting in decreased compensation expenses and favorable pricing. gross margin as a percentage of sales increased primarily due to prior restructuring actions, temporary salary reductions and lower variable compensation resulting in decreased compensation expenses and favorable pricing. selling, general and administrative expenses decreased due to prior restructuring actions, temporary salary reductions and lower variable compensation resulting in decreased compensation expenses and reduced travel expenses, partially offset by higher consulting expenses. equity, royalty and interest income from investees increased principally due to a $5 million favorable adjustment related to india tax law changes passed in march 2020. see note 4, "income taxes" to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on india tax law changes.
equity, royalty and interest income from investees                       61                          40                          54                       21                         53    %                  (14)                       (26)    %
segment ebitda (excluding restructuring actions)                        961                       1,117                       1,030                    (156)                       (14)    %                    87                          8    %
restructuring actions                                                     -                          20                           -                       20                        100    %                  (20)                              nm segment ebitda                                                          961                       1,097                       1,030                    (136)                       (12)    %                    67                          7    %
percentage points                                     percentage points segment ebitda as a percentage of total sales                          16.0   %                    15.9   %                    14.4   %                                             0.1                                                   1.5
segment ebitda components segment ebitda decreased $136 million, mainly due to lower gross margin and unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations (primarily in the brazilian real), partially offset by lower selling, general and administrative expenses, decreased research, development and engineering expenses and higher equity, royalty and interest income from investees. gross margin and gross margin as a percentage of sales decreased mainly due to lower volumes, partially offset by prior restructuring actions, temporary salary reductions and lower variable compensation resulting in decreased compensation expenses and lower material costs. selling, general and administrative expenses and research, development and engineering expenses decreased due to prior restructuring actions, temporary salary reductions and lower variable compensation resulting in decreased compensation expenses and reduced consulting expenses. equity, royalty and interest income from investees increased principally due to higher earnings at fleetguard filtration systems india pvt. driven by a $14 million favorable adjustment related to india tax law changes passed in march 2020 and increased earnings at dongfeng cummins emission solutions co., ltd. see note 4, "income taxes" to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on india tax law changes.
equity, royalty and interest income from investees                       21                          38                          56                     (17)                       (45)    %                  (18)                       (32)    %
segment ebitda (excluding restructuring actions)                        343                         524                         614                    (181)                       (35)    %                  (90)                       (15)    %
restructuring actions                                                     -                          12                           -                       12                        100    %                  (12)                              nm segment ebitda                                                          343                         512                         614                    (169)                       (33)    %                 (102)                       (17)    %
percentage points                                     percentage points segment ebitda as a percentage of total sales                           9.4   %                    11.5   %                    13.3   %                                           (2.1)                                                 (1.8)
segment ebitda power systems segment ebitda decreased $169 million, primarily due to lower gross margin and lower equity, royalty and interest income from investees, partially offset by lower selling, general and administrative expenses and decreased research, development and engineering expenses. gross margin and gross margin as a percentage of sales decreased mainly due to lower volumes, partially offset by prior restructuring actions, temporary salary reductions and lower variable compensation resulting in decreased compensation expenses, lower warranty expenses and favorable pricing. selling, general and administrative expenses decreased primarily due to prior restructuring actions, temporary salary reductions and lower variable compensation resulting in decreased compensation expenses, reduced travel expenses and lower consulting expenses. research, development and engineering expenses decreased principally due to prior restructuring actions, temporary salary reductions and lower variable compensation resulting in decreased compensation expenses, reduced consulting expenses and lower travel expenses. equity, royalty and interest income from investees decreased largely due to an $8 million loss on the sale of a joint venture and lower earnings at chongqing cummins engine co., ltd.
new power segment results the new power segment designs, manufactures, sells and supports hydrogen production solutions as well as electrified power systems ranging from fully electric to hybrid along with innovative components and subsystems, including battery and fuel cell technologies. the new power segment is currently in the development phase with a primary focus on research and development activities for our power systems, components and subsystems. financial data for the new power segment was as follows:
equity, royalty and interest loss from investees                      (4)                         -                         -                    (4)                                 nm                  -                       -         %
segment ebitda (excluding restructuring actions)                    (172)                     (148)                      (90)                   (24)                          (16)    %               (58)                       (64)      %
restructuring actions                                                   -                         1                         -                      1                           100    %                (1)                       nm segment ebitda                                                      (172)                     (149)                      (90)                   (23)                          (15)    %               (59)                       (66)      %
2021 outlook covid-19 impacts the covid-19 pandemic negatively impacted our financial performance in 2020 and may continue to do so in the future. because the magnitude and duration of the pandemic and its economic consequences are unclear, the pandemic's impact on our performance is difficult to predict.
covid-19 positive trends covid-19 vaccines are currently being administered around the world with the hope that the majority of the population will have access to the vaccine by the middle of 2021. if the distribution and the effectiveness of the vaccine are consistent with current government and health organization estimates we anticipate the vaccine will mitigate the spread of the virus by the end of 2021 and allow a return to more normal operations in the second half of the year.
covid-19 challenges the ongoing spread of the virus and increase in infections prior to widespread vaccination presents several risks to our business, especially in the first half of 2021. the three principle areas where covid-19 may negatively impact our financial performance are through its impact on customer demand, the impact on our ability to procure parts from suppliers and our ability to operate our manufacturing and distribution facilities.
customer demand - the majority of our major customers, including paccar, navistar, daimler and chrysler experienced extended production shutdowns in response to the pandemic in the first half of 2020. although many of these customers reopened their facilities and ramped up their production in the second half of 2020, levels of future production remain uncertain and will be determined by supply chain constraints, market demand and government decisions to keep economies open.
supply chain impact - supplier shutdowns may result in parts shortages and negatively impact our ability to manufacture products and meet aftermarket demand. in addition, industry parts shortages may impact the timing of when customer facilities reopen and the speed at which customers ramp up production, negatively impacting demand for our products. lower demand increases the risk that certain suppliers will face financial issues, potentially impacting their ability to supply parts.
operations impact - our manufacturing and distribution locations are generally considered critical services and the majority of our facilities remain open to meet customer demand. in an effort to contain the spread of covid-19, maintain the well-being of our employees, ensure compliance with governmental requirements or respond to declines in demand from customers, we closed or partially shut down certain office, manufacturing and distribution facilities around the world at the end of the first quarter and into the third quarter of 2020. we have taken, and will continue to take, a variety of steps to reduce the risk of employees contracting covid-19 at work. these steps include social distancing, expanded cleaning and sanitization, adjusting work hours and temperature checks. all manufacturing and distribution facilities are now open, but remain subject to future closure if deemed necessary for the safety of our employees or to comply with future government mandates.
business outlook considering potential covid-19 impacts our outlook reflects the following positive trends and challenges to our business that could impact our revenue and earnings potential in 2021. specific impacts of the covid-19 pandemic are highlighted in the above section but are reflected in our market outlook.
positive trends
•we expect demand for pick-up trucks in north america to remain strong and in line with the second half of 2020.
•our liquidity of $7.0 billion in cash, marketable securities and available credit facilities puts us in a strong position to deal with any uncertainties that may arise in 2021.
•we may close or restructure additional manufacturing and distribution facilities as we evaluate the appropriate size and structure of our manufacturing and distribution capacity, which could result in additional charges.
•uncertainty in the u.k. surrounding its ability to negotiate trade agreements as a sovereign country could have material negative impacts on our european operations in the long-term.
liquidity and capital resources key working capital and balance sheet data we fund our working capital with cash from operations and short-term borrowings, including commercial paper, when necessary. various assets and liabilities, including short-term debt, can fluctuate significantly from month to month depending on short-term liquidity needs. as a result, working capital is a prime focus of management's attention. working capital and balance sheet measures are provided in the following table:
working capital (1)                                                          $5,562                        $3,127
total debt as a percent of total capital                                       31.7      %                   21.9      %
(1) working capital includes cash and cash equivalents.
net cash provided by operating activities                                        $2,722                      $3,181                      $2,378                     $(459)                          $803
net cash used in investing activities                                             (719)                     (1,150)                       (974)                        431                         (176)
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities                                 280                     (2,095)                     (1,400)                      2,375                         (695)
net cash provided by operating activities decreased $459 million, primarily due to lower consolidated net income of $457 million, higher restructuring payments of $106 million, increased equity in income of investees, net of dividends of $91 million and lower other liabilities of $51 million, partially offset by lower working capital requirements of $396 million. during 2020, lower working capital requirements resulted in a cash inflow of $365 million compared to a cash outflow of $31 million in 2019, mainly due to higher accounts payable and accrued expenses, partially offset by a decrease in inventory and higher accounts and notes receivable.
net cash used in investing activities decreased $431 million, primarily due to the prior year acquisition of hydrogenics for $235 million, lower capital expenditures of $172 million and higher cash flows from derivatives not designated as hedges of $48 million, partially offset by higher investments in and advances to equity investees of $31 million.
net cash provided by financing activities increased $2,375 million, principally due to the issuance of $2 billion of long-term debt and lower repurchases of common stock of $630 million, partially offset by higher net payments of commercial paper of $217 million.
the effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents decreased $99 million, primarily due to favorable fluctuations in the british pound of $73 million.
for prior year liquidity comparisons see the liquidity and capital resources section of our 2019 form 10-k.
sources of liquidity we generate significant ongoing cash flow. cash provided by operations is our principal source of liquidity with $2.7 billion provided in 2020. at december 31, 2020, our sources of liquidity included:
in millions                                                                                                                                                                    total                                                                                                              u.s.                                                                                                     international                                                                           primary location of international balances cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                                  $3,401                                                                                                            $1,914                                                                                                            $1,487                                                                                    china, singapore, mexico, belgium, australia, canada marketable securities (1)                                                                                                                                     461                                                                                                                86                                                                                                               375                                                                                                                                   india total                                                                                                                                                      $3,862                                                                                                            $2,000                                                                                                            $1,862
available credit capacity revolving credit facilities (2)                                                                                                                            $3,177
international and other uncommitted domestic credit facilities                                                                                               $256
(1) the majority of marketable securities could be liquidated into cash within a few days.
(2) the five-year credit facility for $2.0 billion and the 364-day credit facility for $1.5 billion, maturing august 2023 and august 2021, respectively, are maintained primarily to provide backup liquidity for our commercial paper borrowings and general corporate purposes. at december 31, 2020, we had $323 million of commercial paper outstanding, which effectively reduced the available capacity under our revolving credit facilities to $3.2 billion.
cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities a significant portion of our cash flows are generated outside the u.s. we manage our worldwide cash requirements considering available funds among the many subsidiaries through which we conduct our business and the cost effectiveness with which those funds can be accessed. as a result, we do not anticipate any local liquidity restrictions to preclude us from funding our operating needs with local resources.
if we distribute our foreign cash balances to the u.s. or to other foreign subsidiaries, we could be required to accrue and pay withholding taxes, for example, if we repatriated cash from certain foreign subsidiaries whose earnings we have asserted are permanently reinvested outside of the u.s. foreign earnings for which we assert permanent reinvestment outside the u.s. consist primarily of earnings of our china, india and netherlands domiciled subsidiaries. at present, we do not foresee a need to repatriate any earnings from these subsidiaries for which we have asserted permanent reinvestment. however, to help fund cash needs of the u.s. or other international subsidiaries as they arise, we repatriate available cash from certain foreign subsidiaries whose earnings are not permanently reinvested when it is cost effective to do so.
debt facilities and other sources of liquidity on april 14, 2020, we were approved for the federal reserve bank of new york's commercial paper funding facility (cpff) program to assure access to the commercial paper funding markets during volatile credit market conditions. the cpff was intended to provide a liquidity backstop to u.s. issuers of commercial paper through a special purpose vehicle (spv). the facility allows us, based on our current short-term credit rating, to issue three-month unsecured commercial paper at a rate equal to a + 110 basis point spread over the three-month overnight index swap rate on the date of issuance. the maximum amount of commercial paper that we may issue at any time through this program is $1.5 billion less the total principal amount of all other outstanding commercial paper that we have issued. we retain full access to our board authorized $3.5 billion commercial paper program, as reduced by any amounts issued under this facility. the spv is currently scheduled to cease purchasing commercial paper on march 17, 2021. at december 31, 2020, there were no outstanding borrowings under the cpff program.
on august 19, 2020, we entered into an amended and restated 364-day credit agreement that allows us to borrow up to $1.5 billion of unsecured funds at any time prior to august 18, 2021. this credit agreement amended and restated the prior $1.5 billion 364-day credit facility that matured on august 19, 2020.
we have access to committed credit facilities that total $3.5 billion, including the new $1.5 billion 364-day facility that expires august 18, 2021 and our $2.0 billion five-year facility that expires on august 22, 2023. we maintain credit facilities at the current or higher aggregate amounts by renewing or replacing these facilities at or before expiration. these revolving credit facilities are maintained primarily to provide backup liquidity for our commercial paper borrowings and for general corporate purposes. both credit agreements include a financial covenant requiring that the leverage ratio of net debt of the company and its subsidiaries to the consolidated total capital of the company and its subsidiaries may not exceed 0.65 to 1.0. at december 31, 2020, our leverage ratio was 0.07 to 1.0.
we can issue up to $3.5 billion of unsecured, short-term promissory notes (commercial paper) pursuant to the board authorized commercial paper programs. the programs facilitate the private placement of unsecured short-term debt through third-party brokers. we intend to use the net proceeds from the commercial paper borrowings for general corporate purposes. at december 31, 2020, we had $323 million of commercial paper outstanding, which effectively reduced the available capacity under our revolving credit facilities to $3.2 billion. the total combined borrowing capacity under the revolving credit facilities and commercial paper programs should not exceed $3.5 billion. see note 11, "debt," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
as a well-known seasoned issuer, we filed an automatic shelf registration for an undetermined amount of debt and equity securities with the sec on february 13, 2019. under this shelf registration we may offer, from time to time, debt securities, common stock, preferred and preference stock, depositary shares, warrants, stock purchase contracts and stock purchase units.
in july 2017, the u.k.'s financial conduct authority, which regulates the london interbank offered rate (libor), announced it intends to phase out libor by the end of 2021. the cessation date for submission and publication of rates for certain tenors of libor has since been extended until mid-2023. various central bank committees and working groups continue to discuss replacement of benchmark rates, the process for amending existing libor-based contracts and the potential economic impacts of different alternatives. the alternative reference rates committee has identified the secured overnight financing rate (sofr) as its preferred alternative rate for usd libor. sofr is a measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight, collateralized by u.s. treasury securities, and is based on directly observable u.s. treasury-backed repurchase transactions. we are evaluating the potential impact of the replacement of the libor benchmark interest rate including risk management, internal operational readiness and monitoring the financial accounting standards board standard-setting process to address financial reporting issues that might arise in connection with transition from libor to a new benchmark rate. while we do not believe the change will impact us significantly, we continue to evaluate contracts throughout the company. in anticipation of libor's phase out, our revolving credit agreements include a transition mechanism for selecting a benchmark replacement rate for libor, with such benchmark replacement rate to be subject to our agreement.
supply chain financing we currently have supply chain financing programs with financial intermediaries, which provide certain vendors the option to be paid by financial intermediaries earlier than the due date on the applicable invoice. when a vendor utilizes the program and receives an early payment from a financial intermediary, they take a discount on the invoice. we then pay the financial intermediary the face amount of the invoice on the regularly scheduled due date. we do not reimburse vendors for any costs they incur for participation in the program and their participation is completely voluntary. as a result, all amounts owed to the financial intermediaries are presented as "accounts payable" in our consolidated balance sheets.
uses of cash stock repurchases in december 2019, the board authorized the acquisition of up to $2.0 billion of additional common stock upon completion of the 2018 repurchase plan. in october 2018, the board authorized the acquisition of up to $2.0 billion of additional common stock. for the year ended december 31, 2020, we made the following purchases under our stock repurchase programs:
in millions, except per share amounts                                                           shares                                          average cost                                         total cost of                                                                       remainingauthorizedcapacity (1)
(1) the remaining authorized capacity under these plans was calculated based on the cost to purchase the shares but excludes commission expenses in accordance with the authorized plan.
dividends total dividends paid to common shareholders in 2020, 2019 and 2018 were $782 million, $761 million and $718 million, respectively. declaration and payment of dividends in the future depends upon our income and liquidity position, among other factors, and is subject to declaration by the board, who meets quarterly to consider our dividend payment. we expect to fund dividend payments with cash from operations.
capital expenditures capital expenditures, including spending on internal use software, were $575 million, $775 million and $784 million in 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. we continue to invest in new product lines and targeted capacity expansions. we plan to spend an estimated $725 million to $775 million in 2021 on capital expenditures, excluding internal use software, with over 50 percent of these expenditures expected to be invested in north america. in addition, we plan to spend an estimated $60 million to $70 million on internal use software in 2021.
pensions our global pension plans, including our unfunded and non-qualified plans, were 112 percent funded at december 31, 2020. our u.s. defined benefit plan, which represents approximately 52 percent of the worldwide pension obligation, was 128 percent funded, and our u.k. defined benefit plan was 114 percent funded. the funded status of our pension plans is dependent upon a variety of variables and assumptions including return on invested assets, market interest rates and levels of voluntary contributions to the plans. in 2020, the investment gain on our u.s. pension trust was 8.9 percent while our u.k. pension trust gain was 13.7 percent. approximately 72 percent of our pension plan assets are held in highly liquid investments such as fixed income and equity securities. the remaining 28 percent of our plan assets are held in less liquid, but market valued investments, including real estate, private equity, venture capital, opportunistic credit and insurance contracts.
we sponsor funded and unfunded domestic and foreign defined benefit pension plans. contributions to the u.s. and u.k. plans were as follows:
defined benefit pension contributions                                  $92                      $121                  $37
we anticipate making total contributions of approximately $75 million to our global defined benefit pension plans in 2021. expected contributions to our defined benefit pension plans in 2021 will meet or exceed the current funding requirements.
current maturities of short and long-term debt we had $323 million of commercial paper outstanding at december 31, 2020, that matures in less than one year. the maturity schedule of our existing long-term debt does not require significant cash outflows until 2023 when our 3.65% senior notes are due. required annual long-term debt principal payments range from $23 million to $526 million over the next five years. see note 11, "debt," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
restructuring actions in the fourth quarter of 2019, we began executing restructuring actions, primarily in the form of voluntary and involuntary employee separation programs. we incurred a charge of $119 million ($90 million after-tax) in the fourth quarter of 2019 for these actions which impacted approximately 2,300 employees. restructuring payments were substantially complete at september 27, 2020. see note 21, "restructuring actions," to the consolidated financial statements, for additional information.
credit ratings our rating and outlook from each of the credit rating agencies as of the date of filing are shown in the table below.
long-term                                                                                                                                                                                                   short-term credit rating agency (1)                                                                              senior debt rating                                                                                                                                                                                          debt rating                                        outlook standard &amp; poor's rating services                                                                 a+                                                                                                                                                                                                          a1                                                 stable moody's investors service, inc.                                                                       a2                                                                                                                                                                                                          p1                                                 stable
(1) credit ratings are not recommendations to buy, are subject to change, and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. in addition, we undertake no obligation to update disclosures concerning our credit ratings, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
management's assessment of liquidity despite the global recession and volatility in the capital markets due to the pandemic, our financial condition and liquidity remain strong. our solid balance sheet and credit ratings enable us to have ready access to credit and the capital markets. we assess our liquidity in terms of our ability to generate adequate cash to fund our operating, investing and financing activities. we believe our existing cash and marketable securities, operating cash flow and revolving credit facilities provide us with the financial flexibility needed to fund working capital, common stock repurchases, acquisitions, targeted capital expenditures, dividend payments, projected pension obligations and debt service obligations through 2021 and beyond. we continue to generate significant cash from operations and maintain access to our expanded revolving credit facilities and commercial paper programs as noted above.
contractual obligations and other commercial commitments a summary of our contractual obligations and other commercial commitments at december 31, 2020, are as follows:
capital expenditures                                                             238                                   -                                   -                                   -                                 238
purchase commitments for inventory                                               799                                   1                                   -                                   -                                 800
other purchase commitments                                                       298                                  14                                   6                                  10                                 328
transitional tax liability                                                         4                                  98                                 191                                   -                                 293
other postretirement benefits                                                     21                                  39                                  35                                  71                                 166
international and other domestic letters of credit                               116                                  16                                   4                                   3                                 139
guarantees, indemnifications and other commitments                                26                                   3                                   5                                  10                                  44
the contractual obligations reported above exclude our unrecognized tax benefits of $122 million as of december 31, 2020. we are not able to reasonably estimate the period in which cash outflows relating to uncertain tax contingencies could occur. see note 4, "income taxes," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
application of critical accounting estimates a summary of our significant accounting policies is included in note 1, "summary of significant accounting policies," of our consolidated financial statements which discusses accounting policies that we have selected from acceptable alternatives.
our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the u.s. which often requires management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions regarding uncertainties that affect the reported amounts presented and disclosed in the financial statements. management reviews these estimates and assumptions based on historical experience, changes in business conditions, including the impacts of covid-19, and other relevant factors they believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. in any given reporting period, our actual results may differ from the estimates and assumptions used in preparing our consolidated financial statements.
critical accounting estimates are defined as follows: the estimate requires management to make assumptions about matters that were highly uncertain at the time the estimate was made; different estimates reasonably could have been used; or if changes in the estimate are reasonably likely to occur from period to period and the change would have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. our senior management has discussed the development and selection of our accounting policies, related accounting estimates and the disclosures set forth below with the audit committee of the board. we believe our critical accounting estimates include estimating liabilities for warranty programs, assessing goodwill impairments, accounting for income taxes and pension benefits.
warranty programs we estimate and record a liability for base warranty programs at the time our products are sold. our estimates are based on historical experience and reflect management's best estimates of expected costs at the time products are sold and subsequent adjustment to those expected costs when actual costs differ. as a result of the uncertainty surrounding the nature and frequency of product recall programs, the liability for such programs is recorded when we commit to a recall action or when a recall becomes probable and estimable, which generally occurs when management internally approves or commits to the action. our warranty liability is generally affected by component failure rates, repair costs and the point of failure within the product life cycle. future events and circumstances related to these factors could materially change our estimates and require adjustments to our liability. new product launches require a greater use of judgment in developing estimates until historical experience becomes available. product specific experience is typically available four or five quarters after product launch, with a clear experience trend evident eight quarters after launch. we generally record warranty expense for new products upon shipment using a preceding product's warranty history and a multiplicative factor based upon preceding similar product experience and new product assessment until sufficient new product data is available for warranty estimation. we then use a blend of actual new product experience and preceding product historical experience for several subsequent quarters, and new product specific experience thereafter. note 12, "product warranty liability," to our consolidated financial statements contains a summary of the activity in our warranty liability account for 2020, 2019 and 2018 including adjustments to pre-existing warranties.
goodwill impairment we are required to make certain subjective and complex judgments in assessing whether a goodwill impairment event has occurred, including assumptions and estimates used to determine the fair value of our reporting units. we test for goodwill impairment at the reporting unit level and our reporting units are the operating segments or the components of operating segments that constitute businesses for which discrete financial information is available and is regularly reviewed by management.
we have the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform an annual quantitative goodwill impairment test. we have elected this option on certain reporting units. the following events and circumstances are considered when evaluating whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount:
•macroeconomic conditions, such as a deterioration in general economic conditions, including covid-19 impacts, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and/or other developments in equity and credit markets;
•industry and market considerations, such as a deterioration in the environment in which an entity operates, material loss in market share and significant declines in product pricing;
•other relevant entity-specific events, such as material changes in management or key personnel and
•events affecting a reporting unit, such as a change in the composition or carrying amount of its net assets including acquisitions and dispositions.
the examples noted above are not all-inclusive, and we consider other relevant events and circumstances that affect the fair value of a reporting unit in determining whether to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test.
our goodwill recoverability assessment is based on our annual strategic planning process. this process includes an extensive review of expectations for the long-term growth of our businesses and forecasted future cash flows. in order to determine the valuation of our reporting units, we use either the market approach or the income approach using a discounted cash flow model. our income approach method uses a discounted cash flow model in which cash flows anticipated over several periods, plus a terminal value at the end of that time horizon, are discounted to their present value using an appropriate rate of return. our estimates are based upon our historical experience, our current knowledge from our commercial relationships and available external information about future trends.
the discounted cash flow model requires us to make projections of revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, working capital investment and fixed asset additions for the reporting units over a multi-year period. additionally, management must estimate a weighted-average cost of capital, which reflects a market rate, for each reporting unit for use as a discount rate. the discounted cash flows are compared to the carrying value of the reporting unit and, if less than the carrying value, the difference is recorded as a goodwill impairment loss. in addition, we also perform a sensitivity analysis to determine how much our forecasts can fluctuate before the fair value of a reporting unit would be lower than its carrying amount. we perform the required procedures as of the end of our fiscal third quarter. while none of our reporting units recorded a goodwill impairment in 2020, we determined the automated transmission business is our only reporting unit with material goodwill where the estimated fair value does not substantially exceed the carrying value. the estimated fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount of $1.1 billion by approximately 18 percent. total goodwill in this reporting unit is $544 million. since this reporting unit is made up of only one business, our joint venture with eaton corporation plc (eaton cummins automated transmission technologies), acquired in 2017, we did not expect the estimated fair value would exceed the carrying value by a significant amount. we valued this reporting unit primarily using an income approach based on its expected future cash flows. the critical assumptions that factored into the valuation are the projected future revenues and ebitda margins of the business as well as the discount rate used to present value these future cash flows. a 100 basis point increase in the discount rate would result in a 16 percent decline in the fair value of the reporting unit.
accounting for income taxes we determine our income tax expense using the asset and liability method. under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax effects of temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. future tax benefits of net operating loss and credit carryforwards are also recognized as deferred tax assets. we evaluate the recoverability of our deferred tax assets each quarter by assessing the likelihood of future profitability and available tax planning strategies that could be implemented to realize our net deferred tax assets. at december 31, 2020, we recorded net deferred tax assets of $154 million. the assets included $382 million for the value of net operating loss and credit carryforwards. a valuation allowance of $346 million was recorded to reduce the tax assets to the net value management believed was more likely than not to be realized. in the event our operating performance deteriorates, future assessments could conclude that a larger valuation allowance will be needed to further reduce the deferred tax assets.
in addition, we operate within multiple taxing jurisdictions and are subject to tax audits in these jurisdictions. these audits can involve complex issues, which may require an extended period of time to resolve. we accrue for the estimated additional tax and interest that may result from tax authorities disputing uncertain tax positions. we believe we made adequate provisions for income taxes for all years that are subject to audit based upon the latest information available. a more complete description of our income taxes and the future benefits of our net operating loss and credit carryforwards is disclosed in note 4, "income taxes," to our consolidated financial statements.
pension benefits we sponsor a number of pension plans globally, with the majority of assets in the u.s. and the u.k. in the u.s. and the u.k., we have several major defined benefit plans that are separately funded. we account for our pension programs in accordance with employers' accounting for defined benefit pension plans, which requires that amounts recognized in financial statements be determined using an actuarial basis. as a result, our pension benefit programs are based on a number of statistical and judgmental assumptions that attempt to anticipate future events and are used in calculating the expense and liability related to our plans each year at december 31. these assumptions include discount rates used to value liabilities, assumed rates of return on plan assets, future compensation increases, employee turnover rates, actuarial assumptions relating to retirement age, mortality rates and participant withdrawals. the actuarial assumptions we use may differ significantly from actual results due to changing economic conditions, participant life span and withdrawal rates. these differences may result in a material impact to the amount of net periodic pension cost to be recorded in our consolidated financial statements in the future.
the expected long-term return on plan assets is used in calculating the net periodic pension cost. we considered several factors in developing our expected rate of return on plan assets. the long-term rate of return considers historical returns and expected returns on current and projected asset allocations. projected returns are based primarily on broad, publicly traded passive fixed income and equity indices and forward-looking estimates of the value added by active investment management. at december 31, 2020, based upon our target asset allocations, it is anticipated that our u.s. investment policy will generate an average annual return over the 30-year projection period equal to or in excess of 6.25 percent, including the additional positive returns expected from active investment management.
the one-year return for our u.s. plans was 8.9 percent for 2020. our u.s. plan assets averaged annualized returns of 9.12 percent over the prior ten years and resulted in approximately $443 million of actuarial gains in accumulated other comprehensive loss (aocl) in the same period. based on the historical returns and forward-looking return expectations as plan assets continue to be de-risked, consistent with our investment policy, we believe continuing our investment return assumption of 6.25 percent per year in 2021 for u.s. pension assets is reasonable.
the methodology used to determine the rate of return on pension plan assets in the u.k. was based on establishing an equity-risk premium over current long-term bond yields adjusted based on target asset allocations. at december 31, 2020, based upon our target asset allocations, it is anticipated that our u.k. investment policy will generate an average annual return over the 20-year projection period equal to or in excess of 4 percent. the one-year return for our u.k. plans was 13.7 percent for 2020. we generated average annualized returns of 9.20 percent over ten years, resulting in approximately $724 million of actuarial gains in aocl. our strategy with respect to our investments in pension plan assets is to be invested with a long-term outlook. based on the historical returns and forward-looking return expectations as the plan assets continue to be de-risked, we believe continuing our investment return assumption of 4.0 percent in 2021 for u.k. pension assets is reasonable. our pension plan asset allocations at december 31, 2020 and 2019 and target allocation for 2021 are as follows:
liability matching                                 68.0       %                      66.0      %                               69.2      %                        56.5       %                      57.0      %                               53.4      %
pension accounting offers various acceptable alternatives to account for the differences that eventually arise between the estimates used in the actuarial valuations and the actual results. it is acceptable to delay or immediately recognize these differences. under the delayed recognition alternative, changes in pension obligations (including those resulting from plan amendments) and changes in the value of assets set aside to meet those obligations are not recognized in net periodic pension cost as they occur but are recognized initially in aocl and subsequently amortized as components of net periodic pension cost systematically and gradually over future periods. in addition to this approach, we may also adopt immediate recognition of actuarial gains or losses. immediate recognition introduces volatility in financial results. we have chosen to delay recognition and amortize actuarial differences over future periods. if we adopted the immediate recognition approach, we would record a loss of $989 million ($772 million after-tax) from cumulative actuarial net losses for our u.s. and u.k. pension plans.
the difference between the expected return and the actual return on plan assets is deferred from recognition in our results of operations and under certain circumstances, such as when the difference exceeds 10 percent of the greater of the market value of plan assets or the projected benefit obligation, the difference is amortized over future years of service. this is also true of changes to actuarial assumptions. under the delayed recognition alternative, the actuarial gains and losses are recognized and recorded in aocl. at december 31, 2020, we had net pension actuarial losses of $714 million and $250 million for the u.s. and u.k. pension plans, respectively. as these amounts exceed 10 percent of their respective plan assets, the excess is amortized over the average remaining service lives of participating employees. net actuarial losses decreased our shareholders' equity by $63 million after-tax in 2020. the loss is primarily due to lower discount rates in the u.s. and u.k, partially offset by strong asset returns in the u.s. and u.k.
the discount rate enables us to state expected future cash payments for benefits as a present value on the measurement date. the guidelines for setting this rate suggest the use of a high-quality corporate bond rate. we used bond information provided by moody's investor services, inc. and standard & poor's rating services. all bonds used to develop our hypothetical portfolio in the u.s. and u.k. were deemed high-quality, non-callable bonds (aa or better) at december 31, 2020, by at least one of the bond rating agencies.
our model called for projected payments until near extinction for the u.s. and the u.k. for both countries, our model matches the present value of the plan's projected benefit payments to the market value of the theoretical settlement bond portfolio. a single equivalent discount rate is determined to align the present value of the required cash flow with the value of the bond portfolio. the resulting discount rate is reflective of both the current interest rate environment and the plan's distinct liability characteristics.
discount rate used to value liabilities
the above sensitivities reflect the impact of changing one assumption at a time. a higher discount rate decreases the plan obligations and decreases our net periodic pension cost. a lower discount rate increases the plan obligations and increases our net periodic pension cost. it should be noted that economic factors and conditions often affect multiple assumptions simultaneously and the effects of changes in key assumptions are not necessarily linear. note 13, "pensions and other postretirement benefits," to our consolidated financial statements provides a summary of our pension benefit plan activity, the funded status of our plans and the amounts recognized in our consolidated financial statements.
recently adopted accounting pronouncements see note 1, "summary of significant accounting policies", to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.