item 1a.    risk factors you should carefully consider each of the following risks described below and all of the other information in this annual report on form 10-k in evaluating us. our business, financial condition, cash flows and/or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. the trading price of our common stock could decline due to any of these risks. this annual report on form 10-k also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the risks faced by us described below and elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. see "special note regarding forward-looking statements," which immediately follows the risks below.
summary the following is a summary of the most important risks that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and/or results of operations, and should be read together with the more detailed description of risks that follow:
•the covid-19 pandemic: the pandemic has reshaped the economy and consumer behavior at a previously unimaginable pace and has brought with it or magnified a host of widespread and systemic risks that have and could continue to have a material adverse effect on our business.
•strategic: we must successfully compete against firms that are larger than us and have more resources than us as well as firms that are smaller and potentially disruptive to our industry as we manage the unique risks associated with each of our product offerings.
•credit, market and liquidity: we must effectively manage our desire to grow our loan portfolio against the risk that those loans will not be repaid, while ensuring that we manage the underlying cost of the funds we use to make those loans and sources of funding we rely on to fund those loans.
•operational and other risks: we must remain operationally effective and manage operational and reputational risks such as fraud and cybersecurity, while continuing to monitor and effectively respond to an external environment that may negatively impact the utilization or desirability of our products and services.
the covid-19 pandemic the covid-19 pandemic has and is expected to continue to have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
the covid-19 pandemic has had an unprecedented impact on a global scale. as a result of the covid-19 pandemic and the measures implemented to contain the pandemic, economic activity has declined both on a national and global level and unemployment has risen at a record pace and remains at historically high levels. the depth and duration of this economic contraction is unknown and currently unpredictable. federal and state governments and agencies have put in place programs to mitigate and respond to the impact of the pandemic. it is unclear whether the measures employed to date are exhaustive, or whether federal and state governments and agencies may take additional action that could impact our business.
the impact of the covid-19 pandemic and the resulting economic contraction has adversely impacted and is expected to continue to adversely impact our businesses, results of operations and financial condition. as consumers grow increasingly uncertain about the economy, lose their jobs or are unable to find work due to the covid-19 pandemic or the implementation of measures to slow the spread of covid-19, they may become increasingly unable or unwilling to repay their loans on time and may be less inclined to borrow or spend. in addition, consumers may be more inclined to reduce their debts and repay their loans at a greater rate than they would have previously. the duration of the pandemic and the measures to contain it and the long-term negative economic impact and increased unemployment could lead to increased customer delinquencies and charge-offs, which would cause an increase to our allowance for credit losses and would adversely affect our profitability. we had put various programs in place to assist affected borrowers during the initial onset of the pandemic. the programs generally provided borrowers with flexibility to make monthly payments, including allowing customers to skip (i.e., defer) payments without penalty, or in certain cases, accrual of interest. the ultimate effect of these programs as well as federal stimulus programs on our credit losses will not be known for some time. the impact on the united states economy and the consumer credit environment may continue after the covid-19 pandemic has subsided; the pace of recovery is uncertain and unpredictable and
dependent on a number of complex and interconnected factors. the speed at which vaccinations are rolled out coupled with the resurgence of covid-19 in areas where the pandemic previously appeared to have subsided or been contained only adds to the uncertainty and unpredictability of the pace of recovery. additionally, in connection with the economic contraction due to the covid-19 pandemic, we have decreased our marketing activities, which may adversely impact our ability to attract new customers and grow market share.
given the nature of the crisis, our financial and economic models may be unable to accurately predict and respond to the impact of the economic contraction or lasting changes to consumer behaviors, which may limit our ability to manage credit risk and avoid higher charge-off rates. additionally, due to the nature and novelty of the crisis, our credit and economic models may not be able to adequately predict or forecast credit losses, sales, receivables or other financial metrics during and after the crisis, which could result in our reserves being too large or insufficient. for more information see the risk factor entitled "- our risk management framework and models for managing risks may not be effective in mitigating our risk of loss."
measures to contain the pandemic that close businesses and/or require their employees work from home and discourage or otherwise prohibit people generally from leaving their homes have had a material adverse effect on our sales volume, credit card loan growth, interchange revenue and network-to-network volume and may continue to do so even after such measures have been lifted. the economic contraction and associated slowdown in travel and transaction volume may have a material adverse impact on the financial condition of some of our diners club franchises. in the past, we have extended financial support to franchises experiencing financial stress.
beginning march 13, 2020, we have transitioned nearly all of our employees and non-employee contractors to working from home. previously, only a small portion of employees and non-employee contractors worked primarily from a location other than one of our offices. we have re-opened some of our physical locations with appropriate health safety measures and capacity limitations, including our corporate headquarters. however, we have informed employees that they may continue to work from home and will not be required to return to our physical locations until june 2021, at the earliest. as we continue to adapt to this new way of working, we may become less effective and as a result our ability to design and implement new products, services or features may be adversely impacted. additionally, in the event that a significant portion of our call center agents become ill due to covid-19 or are otherwise unable to work effectively, our ability to meet our internal measures for customer service may be adversely affected. the pandemic has required us and our third-party vendors to activate certain business continuity programs and make ongoing adjustments to operations. to the extent that these plans and back-up servicing and other strategies and adjustments are either not available, insufficient or cannot be implemented in whole or in part, we may be exposed to legal, regulatory, reputational, operational, information security or financial risk. for example, if we are unable to send our customers certain required statements or disclosures due to disruptions in staffing and personnel or our back-up servicing plans, we may be exposed to legal and regulatory risk. finally, while nearly all of our employees are working from home, we are increasingly reliant on a handful of vendors, including those we have no direct relationship with such as our employees' internet service providers, to maintain reliable high speed access to our internal network. failure by such third-party providers would impact our operations. efforts by us, our vendors and their vendors to continue to adapt operations to this new environment may introduce additional vulnerabilities to our operations and information security programs and systems in ways we have not previously contemplated or otherwise prepared for.
current economic and regulatory environment economic conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
as a provider of consumer financial services, our business, results of operations and financial condition are subject to the united states and global economic environment. as the overall economic environment in the united states experiences material disruption due to the covid-19 pandemic, our borrowers may experience difficulties in repaying their loans. accordingly, the level of our nonperforming loans, charge-offs and delinquencies could rise and require
additional provision for credit losses. a customer's ability and willingness to repay us can be impacted by not only economic conditions but also a customer's other payment obligations.
economic conditions also can reduce the usage of credit cards in general and the average purchase amount of transactions industry-wide, including our cards, which reduces interest income and transaction fees. we rely heavily on interest income from our credit card business to generate earnings. our interest income from credit card loans was $9.0 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020, which was 81% of net revenues (defined as net interest income plus other income), compared to $9.7 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019, which was 85% of net revenues. economic conditions combined with a competitive marketplace could slow loan growth, resulting in reduced revenue growth from our core digital banking business.
financial regulatory developments have and will continue to significantly impact the environment for the financial services industry, which could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition.
the final rules implementing the tailoring requirements of 2018's economic growth, regulatory relief, and consumer protection act ("egrrcpa") became effective on december 31, 2019. under the final rules, discover is considered a category iv institution and therefore subject to the least stringent category of enhanced prudential standards for domestic bank holding companies with at least $100 billion in total assets. however, many of the core components of these regulations remain in place. beginning in 2020, discover was subject to slightly more tailored requirements for capital stress testing, liquidity risk management and resolution planning.
meanwhile, the majority of the provisions of the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act ("dodd-frank act") were unchanged by the egrrcpa and remain law, including provisions governing the practices and oversight of institutions engaged in financial services activities. due to the leadership changes resulting from the 2020 election, further legislative changes and regulatory impacts are uncertain. the impact of the evolving regulatory environment on our business and operations depends upon a number of factors, including (i) the legislative priorities of the united states congress, (ii) priorities and actions of the federal reserve, fdic and cfpb, (iii) implications resulting from our competitors and other marketplace participants and (iv) changing consumer behavior.
regulatory and legislative developments, findings and actions have and could continue to negatively impact our business strategies or require us to: limit, exit or influence our business practices and product offerings, restructure our products in unanticipated ways, invest more management time and resources in compliance efforts, limit the fees we charge for services, impact the value of our assets, or limit our ability to pursue certain innovations and business opportunities and obtain related required regulatory approvals. for additional information regarding bank regulatory limitations on acquisitions and investments, see "business - supervision and regulation - acquisitions and investments." furthermore, see note 19: litigation and regulatory matters to our consolidated financial statements for more information on recent matters affecting discover. it is possible that any new regulatory measures or legislation may disproportionately affect discover due to our size, structure or product offerings, among other things.
compliance expectations and expenditures have steadily and significantly increased for discover and other financial services firms, and are expected to continue to increase as regulators escalate their focus on controls and operational processes. we may face additional compliance and regulatory risks if we introduce new products and services or enter into new business arrangements with third-party service providers, alternative payment providers, or other industry participants. ongoing or additional regulatory requirements may generate additional expenses or require significant time and resources to ensure compliance.
for more information regarding the regulatory environment and developments potentially impacting discover, see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - regulatory environment and developments."
strategic business risk we face competition in the credit card market from other consumer financial services providers and we may not be able to compete effectively, which could result in fewer customers, lower account balances and could materially adversely affect our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
the consumer financial services business is highly competitive. we compete with other consumer financial services providers, including non-traditional providers of financing and payment services such as financial technology firms, on the basis of a number of factors, including brand, reputation, customer service, product offerings, incentives, pricing, e-wallet participation and other terms. competition in credit cards is also based on merchant acceptance and
the value provided to the customer by rewards programs and other innovations. many credit card issuers have instituted rewards programs that are similar to ours, and, in some cases, could be viewed as more attractive to customers than our programs. these competitive factors affect our ability to attract and retain customers, increase usage of our products and maximize the revenue generated by our products. in addition, because most domestically-issued credit cards, other than those issued by american express, are issued on the visa and mastercard networks, most other card issuers benefit from the dominant position and marketing and pricing power of visa and mastercard. the competitive marketplace could result in slower loan growth, resulting in reduced revenue growth from our core digital banking business. if we are unable to compete successfully, or if competing successfully requires us to take aggressive actions in response to competitors' actions, our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
we incur considerable cost in competing with other consumer financial services providers and many of our competitors have greater financial resources than we do, which may place us at a competitive disadvantage and negatively affect our financial results.
we incur considerable cost in competing with other consumer financial services providers to attract and retain customers and increase usage of our products. a substantial portion of this cost relates to marketing expenditures and rewards programs. since 2013 our rewards rate, which represents rewards cost divided by discover card sales volume, has increased from less than 1% to 1.35% in 2020. we expect the competitive intensity in the rewards space to continue, which could result in a continued increase in the rewards rate. our consumer financial services products compete primarily on the basis of pricing, terms and service. because of the highly competitive nature of the credit card-issuing business, a primary method of competition among credit card issuers, including us, has been to offer rewards programs, low introductory interest rates, attractive standard purchase rates and balance transfer programs that offer a favorable annual percentage rate or other financial incentives for a specified length of time on account balances transferred from another credit card.
competition is intense in the credit card industry and customers may frequently switch credit cards or transfer their balances to another card. we expect to continue to invest in initiatives to remain competitive in the consumer financial services industry, including the launch of new cards and features, brand awareness initiatives, targeted marketing, online and mobile enhancements, e-wallet participation, customer service improvements, credit risk management and operations enhancements and infrastructure efficiencies. there can be no assurance that any of the cost we incur or incentives we offer to attempt to acquire and maintain accounts and increase usage of our products will be effective. in addition, to the extent that we offer new products, features or services to remain competitive, we may be subject to increased operational or other risks.
furthermore, many of our competitors are larger than we are, have greater financial resources than we do, have more breadth in banking products, have lower funding costs than we have and expect to have and have assets, such as branch locations and co-brand relationships, that may be appealing to certain customers. for example, larger credit card issuers, which have greater resources than we do, may be better positioned to fund appealing rewards, marketing and advertising programs. we may be at a competitive disadvantage as a result of the greater financial resources, diversification and scale of many of our competitors.
our costs directly affect our earnings results. many factors can influence the amount of our costs, as well as how quickly it may increase. our ongoing investments in infrastructure, which may be necessary to maintain a competitive business, integrate newly-acquired businesses and establish scalable operations, increase our costs. in addition, as our business develops, changes or expands, additional costs can arise as a result of a reevaluation of business strategies, management of outsourced services, asset purchases, structural reorganization, compliance with new laws or regulations or the acquisition of new businesses. if we are unable to successfully manage our costs, our financial results will be negatively affected.
we face competition from other operators of payment networks and alternative payment providers and we may not be able to compete effectively, which could result in reduced transaction volume, limited merchant acceptance of our cards, limited issuance of cards on our networks by third parties and materially reduced earnings from our payment services business.
we face substantial and increasingly intense competition in the payments industry, both from traditional players and new, emerging alternative payment providers. for example, we compete with other payment networks to attract network partners to issue credit and debit cards and other card products on the discover, pulse and diners club networks, collectively the discover global network. competition with other operators of payment networks is generally
based on issuer fees, fees paid to networks (including switch fees), merchant acceptance, network size and functionality, technological capabilities and other economic terms. competition is also based on customer perception of service quality, brand image, reputation and market share. further, we are facing increased competition from alternative payment providers, who may create innovative network or other arrangements with our primary competitors, large merchants or other industry participants, which could adversely impact our costs, transaction volume and ability to grow our business.
many of our competitors are well established, larger than we are and/or have greater financial resources or scale than we do. these competitors have provided financial incentives to card issuers, such as large cash signing bonuses for new programs, funding for and sponsorship of marketing programs and other bonuses. visa and mastercard each enjoy greater merchant acceptance and broader global brand recognition than we do. although we have made progress in merchant acceptance, we have not achieved global market parity with visa and mastercard. in addition, visa and mastercard have entered into long-term arrangements with many financial institutions that may have the effect of discouraging those institutions from issuing cards on the discover network or issuing debit cards on the pulse network. some of these arrangements are exclusive, or nearly exclusive, which further limits our ability to conduct material amounts of business with these institutions. if we are unable to remain competitive on issuer fees and other incentives, we may be unable to offer adequate pricing to network partners while maintaining sufficient net revenues.
we also face competition as merchants put pressure on transaction fees. increasing merchant fees or acquirer fees could adversely affect our effort to increase merchant acceptance of credit cards issued on the discover global network and may cause merchant acceptance to decrease. this, in turn, could adversely affect our ability to attract and retain network partners who may seek out more cost-effective alternatives from both traditional and non-traditional payment services providers, which may limit our ability to maintain or grow revenues from our proprietary network. in addition, competitors' settlements with merchants and related actions, including pricing pressures and/or surcharging, could negatively impact our business practices. competitor actions related to the structure of merchant and acquirer fees and merchant and acquirer transaction routing strategies have adversely affected and are expected to continue to adversely affect our pulse network's business practices, network transaction volume, revenue and prospects for future growth and entry into new product markets. visa has entered into arrangements with some merchants and acquirers that have, and are expected to continue to have, the effect of discouraging those merchants and acquirers from routing debit transactions to pulse. in addition, the dodd-frank act's network participation requirements and competitor actions negatively impact pulse's ability to enter into exclusivity arrangements, which affects pulse's business practices and may materially adversely affect its network transaction volume and revenue. pulse has a pending lawsuit against visa with respect to these competitive concerns. pulse's transaction processing revenue was $195 million and $197 million for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
american express is also a strong competitor, with international acceptance, high transaction fees and an upscale brand image. internationally, american express competes in the same market segments as diners club. we may face challenges in increasing international acceptance on our networks, particularly if third parties that we rely on to issue diners club cards, increase card acceptance and market our brands do not perform to our expectations.
in addition, if we are unable to maintain sufficient network functionality to be competitive with other networks, or if our competitors develop better data security solutions or more innovative products and services than we do, our ability to retain and attract network partners and maintain or increase the revenues generated by our proprietary card-issuing business or our pulse business may be materially adversely affected. additionally, competitors may develop data security solutions, which as a consequence of the competitors' market power, we may be forced to use. in which case, our business may be adversely affected as they may be better positioned to absorb the costs over higher volumes or a larger customer base.
our business depends upon relationships with issuers, merchant acquirers, other payment enablers and licensees, many of whom are financial institutions. the economic and regulatory environment and increased consolidation in the financial services industry decrease our opportunities for new business and may result in the termination of existing business relationships if a business partner is acquired or goes out of business. in addition, as a result of this environment, financial institutions may have decreased interest in engaging in new card issuance opportunities or expanding existing card issuance relationships, which would inhibit our ability to grow our payment services business. we continue to face substantial and intense competition in the payments industry, which impacts our revenue margins, transaction volume and business strategies.
our international network business depends upon the cooperation, support and continuous operation of the network licensees that issue diners club cards and that maintain a merchant acceptance network. as is the case for other card payment networks, our diners club network does not issue cards or determine the terms and conditions of cards issued by the network licensees. if we are unable to continue our relationships with network licensees or if the network licensees are unable to continue their relationships with merchants, our ability to maintain or increase revenues and to remain competitive would be adversely affected due to the potential deterioration in customer relationships and related demand that could result. if one or more licensees were to experience a significant impairment of their business or were to cease doing business for economic, regulatory or other reasons, we would face the adverse effects of business interruption in a particular market, including loss of volume, acceptance and revenue and exposure to potential reputational risk. if such conditions arise in the future, we may deploy resources and incur expenses in order to sustain network acceptance. additionally, interruption of network licensee relationships could have an adverse effect on the acceptance of discover cards when they are used on the diners club network outside of north america.
also, as we have a non-amortizable intangible asset that resulted from the purchase of diners club, if we are unable to maintain or increase revenues due to the reasons described above, we may be exposed to an impairment loss on the diners club acquisition that, when recognized, could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. for example, we determined that the trade names and international transaction processing rights were impaired in the second quarter of 2020 and recognized a charge in other expense on the consolidated statements of income of $36 million and $23 million, respectively. the long-term success of our international network business depends upon achieving meaningful global card acceptance, which has included and may continue to include higher overall costs or longer timeframes than anticipated.
the success of our student loan strategy depends upon our ability to manage the risks of our student loan portfolio and the student lending environment. if we fail to do so, we may be unable to sustain and grow our student loan portfolio.
the long-term success of our student loan strategy depends upon our ability to manage the credit risk, pricing, funding, operations, including the transition away from london interbank offered rate ("libor"), and expenses of our student loan portfolio, as well as grow student loan originations. our student loan strategy is also impacted by external factors such as the overall economic environment, a competitive marketplace and a challenging regulatory environment for private student loans and student loans generally. for more information on the regulatory environment, see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - regulatory environment and developments" and note 19: litigation and regulatory matters to our consolidated financial statements. there are several challenges to managing and growing our private student loan business in the future, including (i) economic weakness, (ii) changes from legislation, government and regulatory focus on higher education costs, student lending and student loan servicing; and (iii) competitive factors, such as competition from non-traditional lenders including financial technology firms. an example of these challenges is recent legislative focus on forgiveness of federal student loan debt and tuition-free public colleges and universities. these challenges may require us to restructure our private student loan products in ways that we may not currently anticipate. in addition, changes that adversely affect the private student loan market generally may negatively impact the profitability and growth of our student loan portfolio.
acquisitions or strategic investments that we pursue may not be successful and could disrupt our business, harm our financial condition or reduce our earnings.
we may consider or undertake strategic acquisitions of, or material investments in, businesses, products, portfolios of loans or technologies in the future. we may not be able to identify suitable acquisition or investment candidates, or even if we do identify suitable candidates, they may be difficult to finance, expensive to fund and there is no guarantee that we can obtain any necessary regulatory approvals or complete the transactions on terms that are favorable to us. we generally must receive federal regulatory approvals before we can acquire a bank, bank holding company, deposits or certain assets or businesses. for additional information regarding bank regulatory limitations on acquisitions and investments, see "business - supervision and regulation - acquisitions and investments."
to the extent we pay the purchase price of any strategic acquisition or investment in cash, it may have an adverse effect on our financial condition. similarly, if the purchase price is paid with our stock, it may be dilutive to our stockholders. in addition, we may assume liabilities associated with a business acquisition or investment, including unrecorded liabilities that are not discovered at the time of the transaction. the repayment or settlement of those liabilities may have an adverse effect on our financial condition.
we may not be able to successfully integrate the personnel, operations, businesses, products, or technologies of an acquisition or investment. integration may be particularly challenging if we enter into a line of business in which we have limited experience and the business operates in a difficult legal, regulatory or competitive environment. we may find that we do not have adequate operations or expertise to manage the new business. the integration of any acquisition or investment may divert management's time and resources from our core business, which could impair our relationships with our current employees, customers and strategic partners and disrupt our operations. additionally, any acquisition or investment may expose us to increased information security risk as we integrate new systems that we may not be as familiar with or bring them in line with the requirements of our information security and business continuity programs. acquisitions and investments also may not perform to our expectations for various reasons, including the loss of key personnel, customers or vendors. if we fail to integrate acquisitions or investments or realize the expected benefits, we may lose the return on these acquisitions or investments or incur additional transaction costs. as a result, our business, reputation and financial condition may be harmed.
credit, market and liquidity risk our business depends on our ability to manage our credit risk and failing to manage this risk successfully may result in high delinquency and charge-off rates, which would materially adversely affect our business, profitability and financial condition.
we seek to grow our loan receivables while maintaining quality credit performance. as a lender, we are exposed to the risk that our borrowers will be unable or unwilling to repay the principal of, or interest on, loans in accordance with their terms. our success depends on our ability to manage our credit risk while attracting new customers with profitable usage patterns. we select our customers, manage their accounts and establish terms and credit limits using externally developed and proprietary scoring models and other analytical techniques that are designed to set terms and credit limits to appropriately compensate us for the credit risk we accept, while encouraging customers to use their available credit. the models and approaches we use may not accurately predict future charge-offs due to, among other things, inaccurate assumptions. while we continually seek to improve our assumptions and models, we may make modifications that unintentionally cause them to be less predictive or we may incorrectly interpret the data produced by these models in setting our credit policies.
our ability to manage credit risk and avoid high charge-off rates may be adversely affected by economic conditions that may be difficult to predict. at december 31, 2020 and 2019, $1.0 billion, or 1.08%, and $1.3 billion, or 1.32%, of our loan receivables were non-performing (defined as loans over 90 days delinquent and accruing interest plus loans not accruing interest). as the overall economic climate in the united states experiences material disruption due to the covid-19 pandemic, our borrowers may experience difficulties in repaying their loans. accordingly, the level of our nonperforming loans, charge-offs and delinquencies could rise and require additional provision for credit losses. there can be no assurance that our underwriting and portfolio management strategies will permit us to avoid high charge-off levels, or that our allowance for credit losses will be sufficient to cover actual losses.
a customer's ability and willingness to repay us can be impacted by changes in their employment status, increases in their payment obligations to other lenders and by restricted availability of credit to consumers generally. our collection operations may not compete effectively to secure more of customers' diminished cash flow than our competitors. in addition, we may fail to quickly identify customers who are likely to default on their payment obligations and reduce our exposure by closing credit lines and restricting authorizations, which could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. our ability to manage credit risk also may be adversely affected by legal or regulatory changes (such as restrictions on collections, bankruptcy laws, minimum payment regulations and re-age guidance), competitors' actions and consumer behavior, as well as inadequate collections staffing, resources, techniques and models.
a customer's ability and willingness to repay private student loans, personal loans and home loans may be impacted by other debts or increases in their payment obligations to other lenders. additionally, a customer's ability to repay private student loans, personal loans and home loans may be significantly impaired by the unavailability of consumer credit generally. there can be no assurance that we will be able to grow these products in accordance with
our strategies, manage our credit and other risks associated with these products, or generate sufficient revenue to cover our expenses in these markets. our failure to manage our credit and other risks may materially adversely affect our profitability and our ability to grow these products, limiting our ability to further diversify our business.
adverse market conditions or an inability to effectively manage our liquidity risk could negatively impact our ability to meet our liquidity and funding needs, which could materially adversely impact our business, results of operations and overall financial condition.
we must effectively manage the liquidity risk to which we are exposed. we require liquidity in order to meet cash requirements such as day-to-day operating expenses, extensions of credit on our consumer loans and required payments of principal and interest on our borrowings. our primary sources of liquidity and funding are payments on our loan receivables, deposits and proceeds from securitization transactions and securities offerings. we may maintain too much liquidity, which can be costly, or we may be too illiquid, which could limit financial flexibility and result in financial distress during a liquidity stress event. our liquidity portfolio had a balance of approximately $24.4 billion as of december 31, 2020, compared to $16.6 billion as of december 31, 2019. our total contingent liquidity sources amounted to $63.3 billion as of december 31, 2020, compared to $56.3 billion as of december 31, 2019. as of december 31, 2020, our total contingent liquidity sources consisted of $24.4 billion in our liquidity portfolio, $32.9 billion in incremental federal reserve discount window capacity and $6.0 billion of undrawn capacity in private securitizations.
in the event that our current sources of liquidity do not satisfy our needs, we would be required to seek additional financing. the availability of additional financing will depend on a variety of factors such as market conditions, the general availability of credit to the financial services industry, new regulatory restrictions and requirements and our credit ratings. disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the capital, credit or deposit markets, such as the volatility experienced in the capital and credit markets during the covid-19 pandemic, may limit our ability to repay or replace maturing liabilities in a timely manner. as such, we may be forced to delay the acquisition of additional funding or be forced to issue or raise funding at undesirable terms and/or costs, which could decrease profitability and significantly reduce financial flexibility. further, in disorderly financial markets or for other reasons, it may be difficult or impossible to liquidate some of our investments to meet our liquidity needs.
there can be no assurance that significant disruption and volatility in the financial markets will not occur in the future. likewise, adverse developments with respect to financial institutions and other third parties with whom we maintain important financial relationships could negatively impact our funding and liquidity. if we are unable to continue to fund our assets through deposits or access capital markets on favorable terms, or if we experience an increase in our borrowing costs or otherwise fail to manage our liquidity effectively, our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected.
an inability to accept or maintain deposits in the future could materially adversely affect our liquidity position and our ability to fund our business.
a major source of our funds is customer deposits, primarily in the form of savings accounts, certificate of deposits, money market accounts and checking accounts. we obtain deposits from consumers either directly or through affinity relationships and through third-party securities brokerage firms that offer our deposits to their customers. we had $63.5 billion in deposits acquired directly or through affinity relationships and $13.4 billion in deposits originated through securities brokerage firms as of december 31, 2020, compared to $54.4 billion and $18.3 billion, respectively, as of december 31, 2019. our ability to attract and maintain deposits, as well as our cost of funds, has been, and will continue to be, significantly affected by general economic conditions. competition from other financial services firms that use deposit funding, the rates and services we offer on our deposit products and our ability to maintain a high-quality customer experience may affect deposit renewal rates, costs or availability. changes we make to the rates offered on our deposit products may affect our profitability (through funding costs) and our liquidity (through volumes raised). in addition, our ability to maintain existing or obtain additional deposits may be impacted by various factors, including factors beyond our control, such as perceptions about our reputation, brand, financial strength; quality of deposit servicing or branchless banking generally, which could reduce the number of consumers choosing to place deposits with us; third parties continuing or entering into affinity relationships or marketing arrangements with us; disruptions in technology services or the internet, generally; or third-party securities brokerage firms continuing to offer our deposit products. furthermore, while there are limitations on withdrawal frequency on certain deposit accounts, customers may withdraw deposits to ensure that their deposits are fully insured or make investments that have a higher yield. if our customers withdraw their deposits, our funding costs may increase, which may reduce our net interest income and net income.
our ability to obtain deposit funding and offer competitive interest rates on deposits is also dependent on capital levels of our bank subsidiary. in certain circumstances, the fdia prohibits insured banks, such as our subsidiary discover bank, from accepting brokered deposits (as defined in the fdia) and applies other restrictions, such as a cap on interest rates we may pay. see "business - supervision and regulation" and note 17: capital adequacy to our consolidated financial statements for more information. while discover bank met the fdic's definition of "well-capitalized" as of december 31, 2020 and has no restrictions regarding acceptance of brokered deposits or setting of interest rates, there can be no assurance that it will continue to meet this definition. additionally, our regulators can adjust the requirements to be "well-capitalized" at any time and have authority to place limitations on our deposit businesses, including the interest rate we pay on deposits.
if we are unable to securitize our credit card receivables, it may have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, cost of funds and overall financial condition.
we use the securitization of credit card receivables, which involves the transfer of credit card receivables to a trust, the transfer of the beneficial interest in those credit card receivables to a second trust through a special purpose entity and the issuance by the second trust of notes to third-party investors collateralized by the beneficial interest in the transferred credit card receivables, as a significant source of funding as well as for contingent liquidity. our average level of credit card securitized borrowings from third parties was $12.2 billion and $14.4 billion for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. there can be no assurance that we will be able to complete additional credit card securitization transactions if the credit card securitization market experiences significant and prolonged disruption or volatility.
our ability to raise funding through the securitization market also depends, in part, on the credit ratings of the securities we issue from our securitization trusts. if we are not able to satisfy rating agency requirements to confirm the ratings of asset-backed securities issued by our trusts at the time of a new issuance of securities, it could limit our ability to access the securitization markets. additional factors affecting the extent to which we may securitize our credit card receivables in the future include the overall credit quality of our credit card receivables, the costs of securitizing our credit card receivables, the demand for credit card asset-backed securities and the legal, regulatory, accounting or tax rules affecting securitization transactions and asset-backed securities, generally.
a prolonged inability to securitize our credit card receivables, or an increase in the costs of such issuances that would make such activities economically infeasible, may require us to seek alternative funding sources, which may be less efficient and more expensive than raising capital via securitization transactions and may have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, cost of funds and overall financial condition.
the occurrence of events that result in the early amortization of our existing credit card securitization transactions or an inability to delay the accumulation of principal collections for our existing credit card securitization transactions would materially adversely affect our liquidity.
our liquidity and cost of funds would be materially adversely affected by the occurrence of events that could result in the early amortization of our existing credit card securitization transactions. our credit card securitization transactions are structured as "revolving transactions" that do not distribute to securitization investors their share of monthly principal payments received on the underlying receivables during the revolving period and instead use those principal payments to fund the purchase of new credit card receivables. the occurrence of an "early amortization event" may result in termination of the revolving periods of one or more of our securitization transactions, which would require us to repay the affected outstanding securitized borrowings out of principal collections without regard to the original payment schedule. early amortization events include, for example, insufficient cash flows in the securitized pool of credit card receivables to meet contractual requirements (i.e., excess spread less than zero) and certain breaches of representations, warranties or covenants in the agreements relating to the securitization transactions. for more information on excess spread, see note 5: credit card and student loan securitization activities to our consolidated financial statements. an early amortization event would negatively impact our liquidity and require us to rely on alternative funding sources, which may or may not be available at the time or may be less efficient and more expensive. an early amortization event also could impact our ability to access the undrawn secured credit facilities that we maintain for contingent liquidity purposes. additionally, the occurrence of an early amortization event with respect to any of our securitization transactions may adversely impact investor demand for notes issued in our future credit card securitization transactions.
our credit card securitization structure includes a requirement that we accumulate principal collections into a restricted account in the amount of scheduled maturities on a pro rata basis over the 12 months prior to a security's
maturity date. we have the option under our credit card securitization documents to shorten this accumulation period, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions. historically, we have exercised this option to shorten the accumulation period to one month prior to maturity. if we were to determine that the payment rate on the underlying credit card receivables would not support a one-month accumulation period, we would need to begin accumulating principal cash flows earlier than we have historically. a lengthening of the accumulation period would negatively impact our liquidity, requiring management to implement mitigating measures. during periods of significant maturity levels, absent management actions, the lengthening of the accumulation period could materially adversely affect our financial condition.
a downgrade in the credit ratings of our or our subsidiaries' securities could have a materially adversely effect on our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition.
we, along with discover bank, are regularly evaluated by the ratings agencies. their ratings for our long-term debt and other securities, including asset-backed securities issued by our securitization trusts, are based on a number of factors that may change from time to time, including our financial strength as well as factors that may not be within our control. factors that affect our unsecured credit ratings include, but are not limited to, the macroeconomic environment in which we operate and the credit ratings of the united states government, the credit quality and performance of our assets, the amount and quality of our capital, the level and stability of our earnings and the structure and amount of our liquidity. in addition to these factors, the ratings of our asset-backed securities are also based on the quality of the underlying receivables and the credit enhancement structure of the trusts. downgrades in our ratings, those of discover bank or our trusts could occur at any time and without notice by any of the rating agencies, which could, among other things, materially adversely affect our cost of funds, access to capital and funding and overall financial condition. there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our current credit ratings or that our credit ratings will not be lowered or withdrawn.
we may not be successful in managing the investments in our liquidity investment portfolio and investment performance may deteriorate due to market fluctuations, which would adversely affect our business and financial condition.
we must effectively manage the risks of the investments in our liquidity investment portfolio, which is comprised of cash and cash equivalents and high-quality liquid investments. the value of our investments may be adversely affected by market fluctuations including changes in interest rates, prices, prepayment rates, credit risk premiums and overall market liquidity. also, investments backed by collateral could be adversely impacted by changes in the value of the underlying collateral. in addition, economic conditions may cause certain of the obligors, counterparties and underlying collateral on our investments to incur losses of their own or default on their obligations to us due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure or other reasons, thereby increasing our credit risk exposure to these investments. these risks could result in a decrease in the value of our investments, which could negatively impact our financial condition. these risks could also restrict our access to funding. while the securities in our investment portfolio are currently limited to obligations of high-quality sovereign and government-sponsored issuers, we may choose to expand the range of our investments over time, which may result in greater fluctuations in market value. while we expect these investments to be readily convertible into cash and do not believe they present a material increase to our risk profile or will have a material impact on our risk-based capital ratios, they are subject to certain market fluctuations that may reduce the ability to fully convert them into cash.
changes in interest rates cause our net interest income to increase or decrease, as some of our assets and liabilities carry interest rates that fluctuate with market benchmarks. the current near-zero levels of short-term benchmark rates may persist for a while as the federal reserve is taking an accommodative stance to its monetary policy. however, improvement in economic conditions and resurgence of inflation may prompt the federal reserve to tighten monetary policy, resulting in higher interest rates and increased cost of borrowing for consumers, businesses and governments. higher interest rates could negatively impact discover's customers as total debt service payments would increase, impede discover's ability to grow its consumer lending businesses and increase the cost of our funding, which would put discover at a disadvantage as compared to some of our competitors that have less expensive funding sources.
rate as our floating-rate borrowings (which are indexed to libor) or may be subject to a cap, subjecting us to interest-rate risk. if the one-month libor rate were to increase without a corresponding increase in the prime rate, our earnings would be negatively impacted. in addition, we utilize deposits as a significant source of funds. while the majority of our existing certificates of deposit bear interest at fixed rates that do not fluctuate with market benchmarks, we may use derivative instruments to hedge the fixed rates associated with some of these certificates of deposit. however, the costs of new deposits fluctuate with interest rates. moreover, although certificates of deposit we issue directly to consumers are subject to early withdrawal penalties, these penalties may not fully mitigate early withdrawal behavior in a rising interest rate environment.
on july 27, 2017, the uk financial conduct authority ("fca") announced that it would no longer encourage or compel banks to continue to contribute quotes and maintain libor after 2021. on november 30, 2020, the intercontinental exchange's benchmark administration ("iba") announced consultation on the possible extension of the publication of usd libor for key tenors through june 30, 2023, to allow certain legacy libor-indexed contracts to mature without disruption. while this decision was supported by the fca, united kingdom and united states regulators remain committed to transitioning off of libor as soon as possible, as they noted in statements following the iba announcement. in order to support a smooth transition away from libor, the federal reserve and the federal reserve bank of new york convened the alternative reference rates committee ("arrc"), a group of private-market participants tasked with ensuring a successful transition from usd libor to a more robust reference rate. the arrc has identified the secured overnight financing rate ("sofr") as the alternative reference rate for usd libor. additionally, the arrc has established several priorities and milestones in 2020 to support the use of sofr; develop contractual fallback language for capital markets and consumer products; provide clarity on legal, tax, accounting and regulatory matters; and promote broad outreach and education efforts around the libor transition.
we have and continue to offer floating-rate private student loans that are based on libor. these loans comprise approximately 42% of our student loan portfolio, or approximately 5% of our overall loan portfolio. to mitigate libor-transition risks, we are incorporating the arrc recommended fallback language for new private student loan originations and capital market debt issuances.
our floating-rate borrowings are indexed to libor and limited to asset-backed securities issued by our securitization trusts. while uncertainty persists with respect to floating-rate debt instruments based on libor that do not contain provisions that contemplate the cessation of libor, the arrc and industry participants are pursuing potential legislative relief for legacy contracts that may be otherwise difficult to amend. fca and united states regulators have reinforced the need to cease entering into new libor contracts as soon as practicable and in any event by december 31, 2021. the transition process is still ongoing and there can be no assurance that significant challenges related to fallback solutions, operational implementation or other factors will not arise.
interest rates may also adversely impact our delinquency and charge-off rates. many consumer lending products bear interest rates that fluctuate with certain base lending rates published in the market, such as the prime rate and libor. as a result, higher interest rates often lead to higher payment requirements by consumers under obligations to us and other lenders, which may reduce their ability to remain current on their obligations to us and thereby lead to loan delinquencies and additions to our credit loss provision, which could materially adversely affect our earnings.
we continually monitor interest rates and have a number of tools, including the composition of our investments, liability terms and interest rate derivatives, to manage our interest rate risk exposure. changes in market assumptions regarding future interest rates could significantly impact our interest rate risk strategy, our financial position and results of operations. if our interest rate risk management strategies are not appropriately monitored or executed, these activities may not effectively mitigate our interest rate sensitivity or have the desired impact on our results of operations or financial condition. for information related to interest rate risk sensitivities, see "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
operational and other risk our risk management framework and models for managing risks may not be effective in mitigating our risk of loss.
our risk management framework seeks to identify and mitigate risk and appropriately balance risk and return. we have established processes and procedures intended to identify, measure, manage, monitor and report the types of risk to which we are subject, including credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, compliance and legal risk and strategic risk. we seek to monitor and control our risk exposure through a framework of policies, procedures, limits and reporting requirements.
management of our risks in some cases depends upon the use of analytical and/or forecasting models. we use a variety of models to manage and inform decision-making with respect to customers and for the measurement of risk including credit, market and operational risks and for our finance and treasury functions. models used by discover can vary in their complexity and are designed to identify, measure and mitigate risks at various levels such as loan-level, portfolio segments, entire portfolios and products. these models use a set of computational rules to generate numerical estimates of uncertain values to be used for assessment of price, financial forecasts and estimates of credit, interest rate, market and operational risk. these models and the quality of their outputs are dependent on the quality of the data loaded into the models. to the extent that the integrity of that data is compromised, the models and the resulting estimates may be inadequate. all models carry some level of uncertainty that introduces risks in the estimates.
if the models that we use to mitigate risks are inadequate, we may incur increased losses. in addition, there may be risks that exist, or that develop in the future, that we have not appropriately anticipated, identified or mitigated. if our risk management framework and models do not effectively identify or mitigate our risks, we could suffer unexpected losses and our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
if the security of our systems, or those of third parties, containing information about us, our customers or third parties with which we do business is compromised, our business could be disrupted and we may be subject to significant financial exposure, liability and damage to our reputation.
our digital banking and network operations rely heavily on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential or sensitive information about us, our customers and third parties with which we do business. information security risks for financial institutions have increased and continue to increase in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, the use of the internet and cloud, mobile and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, activists, hackers, terrorist organizations, nation state actors and other external parties. those parties may also attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers or other users of our systems (including third parties) to disclose confidential or sensitive information in order to gain access to our data or that of our customers.
our technologies, systems, networks and software, those of other financial institutions and other firms (such as hardware vendors, cloud providers and others), have been, and are likely to continue to be, the target of increasingly frequent cyber-attacks, malicious code, ransomware, denial of service attacks, phishing and other social engineering, other remote access attacks and physical attacks that could result in unauthorized access, misuse, loss, unavailability or destruction of data (including confidential customer information), account takeovers, identity theft and fraud, unavailability of service or other events. these types of threats may derive from human error, fraud or malice on the part of external or internal parties or may result from technological failure or otherwise. further, the risk of these types of threats may be increased to the extent employees work from home as part of our response to the covid-19 pandemic.
despite our efforts to ensure the integrity of our systems through our information security and business continuity programs, we may not be able to anticipate or to implement effective preventive measures against all known and unknown security threats, attacks or breaches or events of these types, especially because the techniques used change frequently and are becoming increasingly more sophisticated or are not recognized until launched or vulnerabilities in software or hardware are unknown or are unable to be entirely addressed even after becoming known, and because:
•security attacks can originate from a wide variety of sources and geographic locations and may be undetected for a period of time.
•we rely on many third-party service providers and network participants, including merchants, and, as such, a security breach or cyber-attack affecting one of these third parties could impact us. for example, the financial services industry continues to see attacks against the environments where personal and identifiable information is handled. for additional information see the risk factor "- we rely on third parties to deliver services. if we face difficulties managing our relationships with third-party service providers, our revenue or results of operations could be materially adversely affected."
•our customers may use computers and mobile devices that are beyond our security control systems to access our products and services.
we are subject to increasing risk related to information and data security as we increase acceptance of the discover card internationally, expand our suite of online digital banking products, enhance our mobile payment technologies, acquire new or outsource some of our business operations, expand our internal usage of web-based
products and applications, and otherwise attempt to keep pace with rapid technological changes in the financial services industry. our efforts to mitigate this risk increase our expenses. while we continue to invest in our information security defenses (including cybersecurity defenses), if our security systems or those of third parties are penetrated or circumvented such that the confidentiality, integrity or availability of information about us, our customers, transactions processed on our networks or on third-party networks on our behalf or third parties with which we do business is compromised, we could be subject to significant liability that may not be covered by insurance, including significant legal and financial exposure, actions by our regulators, damage to our reputation, or a loss of confidence in the security of our systems, products and services that could materially adversely affect our business.
cyber-attacks that are successful, or are perceived to be successful, in compromising the data or disrupting the services of other peer financial institutions, whether or not we are impacted, could lead to a general loss of customer confidence, which could negatively impact market perception of our products and services. media reports of attempted cyber-attacks, service disruptions or vulnerabilities in our information systems or security procedures or those of any of the third-party service providers we engage, could cause significant legal and financial exposure, lead to regulatory and legislative intervention and cause an overall negative effect in our business. for additional information on risks in this area, see the risk factors below regarding fraudulent activity, the introduction of new products and services, the use of third parties for outsourcing, technology generally, and laws and regulations addressing consumer privacy and data use and security.
if we cannot remain organizationally effective, we will be unable to address the opportunities and challenges presented by our strategy and the increasingly dynamic and competitive economic and regulatory environment.
to remain organizationally effective, we must effectively empower, integrate and deploy our management and operational resources and incorporate global and local business, regulatory and consumer perspectives into our decisions and processes. in order to execute on our objective to be the leading consumer bank and payments partner, we must develop and implement innovative and efficient technology solutions and marketing initiatives while effectively managing legal, regulatory, compliance, security, operational and other risks as well as expenses. examples include the implementation of a broader rollout of our checking product and a structure for a more competitive global network business. if we fail to develop and implement these solutions, we may be unable to expand quickly and the results of our expansion may be unsatisfactory. in addition, if we are unable to make decisions quickly, assess our opportunities and risks, execute our strategy and implement new governance, managerial and organizational processes as needed in this increasingly dynamic and competitive economic and regulatory environment, our financial condition, results of operations, relationships with our business partners, banking regulators, customers and shareholders, and ultimately our prospects for achieving our long-term strategies, may be negatively impacted.
we may be unable to increase or sustain discover credit card usage, which could impair growth in, or lead to diminishing, average balances and total revenue.
a key element of our business strategy is to increase the usage of the discover credit card by our customers, including making it their primary credit card, and thereby increase our revenue from transaction and service fees and interest income. however, our customers' use and payment patterns may change because of social, legal and economic factors, and customers may decide to use debit cards or other payment products instead of credit cards, not increase credit card usage, or pay their balances within the grace period to avoid finance charges. we face challenges from competing card products in our attempts to increase credit card usage by our existing customers. our ability to increase credit card usage also is dependent on customer satisfaction, which may be adversely affected by factors outside of our control, including competitors' actions and legislative/regulatory changes. existing legal and regulatory restrictions limit pricing changes that may impact an account throughout its lifecycle, which may reduce our capability to offer lower price promotions to drive account usage and customer engagement. as part of our strategy to increase usage, we have been increasing the number of merchants who accept credit cards issued on the discover network. if we are unable to continue increasing merchant acceptance or fail to improve awareness of existing merchant acceptance of our credit cards, our ability to grow usage of discover credit cards may be hampered. as a result of these factors, we may be unable to increase or sustain credit card usage, which could impair growth in or lead to diminishing average balances and total revenue.
our transaction volume is concentrated among large merchants and a reduction in the number of large merchants that accept cards on the discover network or pulse network or the rates they pay could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
discover card net transaction dollar volume was concentrated among our top 100 merchants in 2020, with our largest merchant accounting for approximately 6% of that net transaction volume. transaction volume on the pulse network was also concentrated among the top 100 merchants in 2020, with our largest merchant accounting for approximately 19% of pulse transaction volume. these merchants could seek to negotiate better pricing or other financial incentives by conditioning their continued participation in the discover network and/or pulse network on a change in the terms of their economic participation. loss of acceptance at our largest merchants would decrease transaction volume, negatively impact our brand and could cause customer attrition. in addition, some of our merchants, primarily our remaining small- and mid-size merchants, are not contractually committed to us for any period of time and may cease to participate in the discover network at any time on short notice.
actual or perceived limitations on acceptance of credit cards issued on the discover network or debit cards issued on the pulse network could adversely affect the use of discover cards by existing customers and the attractiveness of discover cards to prospective customers. also, we may have difficulty attracting and retaining network partners if we are unable to add or retain acquirers or merchants who accept cards issued on the discover or pulse networks. as a result of these factors, a reduction in the number of our merchants or the rates they pay could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by merchants' increasing focus on the fees charged by credit card and debit card networks.
merchant acceptance and fees are critical to the success of both our card-issuing and payment processing businesses. merchants are concerned with the fees charged by credit card and debit card networks. they seek to negotiate better pricing or other financial incentives as a condition of continued participation in the discover network and pulse network. during the past few years, merchants and their trade groups have filed numerous lawsuits against visa, mastercard, american express and their card-issuing banks, claiming that their practices toward merchants, including issuer fees, violate federal antitrust laws. there can be no assurance that they will not in the future bring legal proceedings against other credit card and debit card issuers and networks, including us. merchants also may promote forms of payment with lower fees, such as ach-based payments, or seek to impose surcharges at the point of sale for use of credit or debit cards. merchant groups have also promoted federal and state legislation that would restrict issuer practices or enhance the ability of merchants, individually or collectively, to negotiate more favorable fees. the heightened focus by merchants on the fees charged by credit card and debit card networks, together with the dodd-frank act and recent industry litigation, which would allow merchants to encourage customers to use other payment methods or cards and may increase merchant surcharging, could lead to reduced transactions on, or merchant acceptance of, discover network or pulse network cards or reduced fees, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
political, economic or other instability in a country or geographic region, or other unforeseen or catastrophic events, could adversely affect our international business activities and reduce our revenue.
natural disasters or other catastrophic events, including terrorist attacks and pandemics, may have a negative effect on our business and infrastructure, including our information technology systems. our diners club network, concentrated primarily on serving the global travel industry, could be adversely affected by a number of factors including international conditions, travel restrictions, pandemics or negative perceptions about the safety of travel that may result in an indefinite decline in consumer or business travel activity. armed conflict, public health emergencies, natural disasters, political instability or terrorism may have a significant and prolonged negative effect on travel activity and related revenue. the covid-19 pandemic has adversely affected, among other things, our diners club network, travel activity and related revenue. although a regionalized event or condition may primarily affect one of our network participants, it may also affect our overall network and card activity and our resulting revenue. overall network and card transaction activity may decline as a result of concerns about safety or disease or may be limited because of economic conditions that result in spending on travel to decline. the impact of such events and other catastrophes on the overall economy may also adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations.
fraudulent activity associated with our products or our networks could cause our brands to suffer reputational damage, the use of our products to decrease and our fraud losses to be materially adversely affected.
we are subject to the risk of fraudulent activity associated with merchants, customers and other third parties handling customer information. the risk of fraud continues to increase for the financial services industry in general. credit and debit card fraud, identity theft and electronic-transaction related crimes are prevalent and perpetrators are growing ever more sophisticated. while we have policies and procedures designed to address such risk, there can be no assurance that losses will not occur. our resources, customer authentication methods and fraud prevention tools may be insufficient to accurately predict, prevent or detect fraud. we incurred fraud losses and other charges of $96 million during each of the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019.
our risk of fraud continues to increase as third parties that handle confidential consumer information suffer security breaches, acceptance of the discover card grows internationally and we expand our digital banking business and introduce new products and features. our financial condition, the level of our fraud charge-offs and other results of operations could be materially adversely affected if fraudulent activity were to significantly increase. furthermore, high-profile fraudulent activity could negatively impact our brand and reputation. in addition, significant increases in fraudulent activity could lead to regulatory intervention (such as mandatory card reissuance) and reputational and financial damage to our brands, which could negatively impact the use of our deposit accounts, cards and networks and thereby have a material adverse effect on our business. further, fraudulent activity may result in lower license fee revenue from our diners club licensees.
technological changes continue to significantly impact the financial services and payment services industries. for example, we may be unsuccessful in deploying new technologies to strengthen our credit underwriting capabilities, enhance the effectiveness of our marketing efforts, ensure acceptance with new payment technologies, enhance customer service, drive efficiencies in back-office functions or reduce fraud. the increasingly competitive mobile, e-wallet and tokenization spaces are expected to continue to bring risks and opportunities to both our digital banking and payment services businesses.
the effect of technological changes on our business is both rapid and unpredictable. we depend, in part, on third parties for the development of and access to new technologies. we expect that new services and technologies relating to the payments business will continue to appear in the market and these new services and technologies may be superior to, or render obsolete, the technologies that we currently use in our products and services. rapidly evolving technologies and new entrants in mobile and emerging payments pose a risk to discover both as a card issuer and to the payments business. as a result, our future success may be dependent on our ability to identify and adapt to technological changes and evolving industry standards and to provide payment solutions for our customers, merchants and financial institution customers.
the process of developing new products and services or enhancing our existing products and services is complex, costly and uncertain. difficulties or delays in the development, production, testing and marketing of new products or services may be caused by a number of factors including, among other things, operational, capital and regulatory constraints. additionally, the work-from-home environment caused by the covid-19 pandemic may inhibit our ability to design and implement new products, services, or features effectively. the occurrence of such difficulties may affect the success of our products or services. developing unsuccessful products and services could result in financial losses as well as decreased capital availability. in addition, the new products and services offered may not be adopted by consumers, merchants or financial institution customers. also, the success of a new product or service may depend upon our ability to deliver it on a large scale, which may require a significant capital investment that we may not be in a position to make. if we are unable to successfully introduce and support new income-generating products and services while also managing our expenses, it may impact our ability to compete effectively and materially adversely affect our business and earnings.
we rely on third parties to deliver services. if we face difficulties managing our relationships with third-party service providers, our revenue or results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
we depend on third-party service providers for many aspects of the operation of our business. for example, we depend on third parties for software and systems development, the timely transmission of information across our data transportation network and for other telecommunications, processing, remittance, technology-related and other services
in connection with our digital banking and payment services businesses. if a service provider fails to provide the services that we require or expect, or fails to meet contractual requirements, such as service levels, security requirements or compliance with applicable laws, the failure could negatively impact our business by adversely affecting our ability to process customers' transactions in a secure, consistent, timely and accurate manner, otherwise hampering our ability to serve our customers, or subjecting us to litigation and regulatory risk for poor vendor oversight. such a failure could adversely affect the perception of the reliability of our networks and services, and the quality of our brands, and could have a materially adverse effect on our reputation, revenues and/or our results of operations.
beginning march 13, 2020, we transitioned nearly all of our employees and non-employee contractors to working from home. as a result, we have grown increasingly dependent on third-party service providers, including those with which we have no direct relationship, such as our employees' internet service providers. furthermore, a majority of our third party vendors transitioned to working from home. if these third-parties experience disruptions due to the covid-19 pandemic or government measures taken in response to the pandemic, or terminate their agreements due to force majeure drivers related to covid-19, our operations may be interrupted or negatively impacted.
we rely on technology to deliver services. if key technology platforms become obsolete, or if we experience disruptions, including difficulties in our ability to process transactions, our revenue or results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
our ability to deliver services to our customers and run our business in compliance with applicable laws and regulations may be affected by the functionality of our technology systems. the implementation of technology changes as well as patches and upgrades to maintain current and integrated systems may result in compliance issues and may, at least temporarily, cause disruptions to our business, including, but not limited to, systems interruptions, transaction processing errors and system conversion delays, all of which could have a negative impact on us. in addition, our transaction processing systems and other operational systems may encounter service interruptions at any time due to system or software failure, natural disaster or other reasons. such services could be disrupted at any of our primary or back-up facilities or our other owned or leased facilities. third parties to whom we outsource the maintenance and development of certain technological functionality may experience errors or disruptions that could adversely impact us and over which we may have limited control. in addition, there is no assurance that we will be able to sustain our investment in new technology to avoid obsolescence of critical systems and applications. a failure to maintain current technology, systems and facilities or to control third-party risk, could cause disruptions in the operation of our business, which could materially adversely affect our transaction volumes, revenues, reputation and/or our results of operations.
our success is dependent, in part, upon our executive officers and other key employees. if we are unable to recruit, retain and motivate key officers and employees to drive our business, our business could be materially adversely affected.
our success depends, in large part, on our ability to recruit, retain and motivate key officers and employees to manage and grow our business. our senior management team has significant industry experience and would be difficult to replace. we believe we are in a critical period of competition in the financial services and payments industry. the market for qualified individuals is highly competitive and we may not be able to attract and retain qualified personnel or candidates to replace or succeed members of our senior management team or other key personnel or it may be expensive to do so. we may be subject to restrictions under future legislation or regulation limiting executive compensation. for example, the federal banking agencies have previously issued proposed rulemaking on incentive compensation practices for certain employees at banking organizations, including executives, and may issue additional rules relating to such activities in the future. these requirements could negatively impact our ability to compete with other companies in attracting, hiring and retaining key personnel and offer incentives that motivate our key personnel to perform and may require us to extensively restructure certain of our existing incentive compensation practices. additionally, the market for individuals with skills in fields such as technology, analytics and payments is increasingly competitive and we may not be able to attract and retain persons with the desired skill set or experience. if we are unable to recruit, retain and motivate key personnel to manage and grow our business well, our business could be materially adversely affected.
merchant defaults may adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
as an issuer and merchant acquirer in the united states on the discover network and as a holder of certain merchant agreements internationally for the diners club network, we may be contingently liable for certain disputed credit card sales transactions that arise between customers and merchants. if a dispute is resolved in the customer's favor, we will cause a credit or refund of the amount to be issued to the customer and charge back the transaction to
the merchant or merchant acquirer. if we are unable to collect this amount from the merchant or merchant acquirer, we will bear the loss for the amount credited or refunded to the customer. where the purchased product or service is not provided until some later date following the purchase, such as an airline ticket, the likelihood of potential liability increases. losses related to merchant chargebacks were not material for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019.
in recent years, financial services companies have experienced increased reputational risk as consumers protest and regulators scrutinize business and compliance practices of such companies. maintaining a positive reputation is critical to attracting and retaining customers, investors and employees. damage to our reputation can therefore cause significant harm to our business and prospects. harm to our reputation can arise from numerous sources, including, among others, employee misconduct; a breach of our or our service providers' cybersecurity defenses; litigation or regulatory outcomes; failing to deliver minimum standards of service and quality; compliance failures; and the activities of customers, business partners and counterparties. social media also can cause harm to our reputation. by its very nature, social media can reach a wide audience in a very short amount of time, which presents unique corporate communications challenges. negative or otherwise undesirable publicity generated through unexpected social media coverage can damage discover's reputation and brand. negative publicity regarding us, whether or not true, may result in customer attrition and other harm to our business prospects. there has also been increased focus on topics related to environmental, social and corporate governance policies, and criticism of our policies in these areas could also harm our reputation and/or potentially limit our access to some forms of capital or liquidity.
the discover, pulse and diners club brands have substantial economic and intangible value. our success is dependent on our ability to promote and protect these brands and our other intellectual property. our ability to attract and retain customers is highly dependent upon the external perception of our company and brands. our brands are licensed for use to business partners and network participants, some of whom have contractual obligations to promote and develop our brands. for example, the discover card brand is now being issued by certain diners club licensees in their local markets. if our business partners do not adhere to contractual standards, engage in improper business practices, or otherwise misappropriate, use or diminish the value of our brands or our other intellectual property, we may suffer reputational and financial damage. if we will not be able to adequately protect our brands, our proprietary information and other intellectual property, our business success may be adversely affected. in addition, third parties may allege that our marketing, processes or systems may infringe upon their intellectual property rights. given the potential risks and uncertainties of such claims, our business could be adversely affected by having to pay significant monetary damages, technology development expenses or licensing fees, and we may have to alter our business practices or be prevented from competing effectively.
laws, regulations and supervisory guidance and practices, or the application thereof, may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we must comply with an array of banking, consumer lending and payment services laws and regulations in all of the jurisdictions in which we operate as described more fully in "business - supervision and regulation" and "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - regulatory environment and developments." regulatory developments and supervisory findings and ratings could negatively impact our business strategies or require us to: limit or change our business practices, restructure our products in ways that we may not currently anticipate, limit our product offerings, invest more management time and resources in compliance efforts, limit the fees we can charge for services, or limit our ability to pursue certain business opportunities and obtain related required regulatory approvals. for additional information regarding bank regulatory limitations on acquisitions and investments, see "business - supervision and regulation - acquisitions and investments." see note 19: litigation and regulatory matters to our consolidated financial statements for more information on recent matters affecting discover and the third risk factor in this section regarding the regulatory environment for the businesses in which we engage.
in addition, we are subject to inquiries and enforcement actions from states' attorney general offices and regulation by the federal trade commission, state banking regulators and the united states department of justice, as well as the sec and new york stock exchange in our capacity as a public company. we also are subject to the requirements of entities that set and interpret the accounting standards (such as the financial accounting standards board ("fasb"), the sec, banking regulators and our independent registered public accounting firm), which may add
new requirements or change their interpretations on how standards should be applied. guidance not yet issued could potentially have a material impact on business lines, as well as how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations, and could have an impact on regulatory capital.
failure to comply with laws, regulations and standards could lead to adverse consequences such as financial, structural, reputational and operational penalties, including receivership, litigation exposure and disgorgement and fines (as described further below). for example, failure to comply with anti-corruption laws, including the foreign corrupt practices act and other laws regarding corporate conduct, can expose us and/or individual employees to potentially severe criminal and civil penalties.
legislative, regulatory and tax code changes could impact the profitability of our business activities, alter consumer behavior in ways we did not anticipate, require us to limit or change our business practices or our product offerings, or expose us to additional costs (including increased compliance costs). significant changes in laws and regulations may have a more adverse effect on our results of operations than on the results of our competitors or may disproportionately benefit our competitors.
current and proposed laws and regulations addressing consumer privacy and data use and security could affect the competitiveness of our products and increase our costs.
legal or regulatory pronouncements relating to consumer privacy, data use and security affect our business. we are subject to a number of laws concerning consumer privacy and data use and security such as the european union's general data privacy regulation and the california consumer privacy act. due to recent consumer data compromise events in the united states, which resulted in unauthorized access to millions of customers' data, these areas continue to be a focus of the united states executive branch and congress, state legislators and attorneys general and other regulators. developments in this area, such as new laws, regulations, regulatory guidance, litigation or enforcement actions, could result in new or different requirements on discover and other card issuers or networks that could increase costs or adversely affect the competitiveness of our credit card or debit card products. see the discussion on recent security developments in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - regulatory environment and developments" for more information. in addition, failure to comply with the privacy and data use and security laws and regulations to which we are subject, including by reason of inadvertent disclosure of confidential information or the failure to provide timely notification of a disclosure, could result in litigation, fines, sanctions, penalties or other adverse consequences and loss of consumer confidence, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations, overall business and reputation.
litigation and regulatory actions could subject us to significant fines, penalties and/or requirements resulting in increased expenses, oversight and reputation risk.
consumer banking and payment services institutions have historically been subject to significant legal actions, both from private and government litigants. in addition to regulatory actions, private litigants may include class action lawsuits and commercial, shareholder and patent litigation. many of these actions have included claims for substantial compensatory, statutory or punitive damages. in addition, we have been and may again be involved in various actions or proceedings brought by governmental regulatory and enforcement agencies, which could cause reputational harm, require changes to business activities and product offerings, or subject us to significant fines, penalties, customer restitution or other requirements, resulting in increased expenses. see note 19: litigation and regulatory matters to our consolidated financial statements for more information on current matters affecting discover.
historically, we have offered customers an arbitration clause in agreements to quickly and economically resolve disputes. the arbitration clause has, in some cases, also limited our exposure to consumer class action litigation, while still being able to resolve individual customer disputes. however, there is no guarantee that we will be able to continue to offer arbitration clauses in the future or that we will be successful in enforcing the arbitration clause in court. legal challenges to the enforceability of these clauses have led card issuers, and may cause us, to discontinue their use, however some issuers have revived the use of arbitration clauses. in addition to court enforceability uncertainty, there have been bills pending in the united states congress to directly or indirectly prohibit the use of pre-dispute arbitration clauses in some or all consumer banking products. additionally, the cfpb's 2017 anti-arbitration rule effectively banned pre-dispute arbitration, but was overturned by congress. there is a risk that congressional action prohibiting arbitration could prompt the cfpb to again exert power over arbitration.
we may be limited in our ability to pay dividends on and repurchase our stock.
we kept our quarterly common stock dividend consistent throughout 2020 at $0.44 per share and repurchased approximately 1.4% of our outstanding common stock under our old share repurchase program. the declaration and payment of future dividends, as well as the amount thereof, are subject to the discretion of our board of directors. the amount and size of any future dividends and share repurchases will depend upon regulatory limitations imposed by the federal reserve and our results of operations, financial condition, capital levels, cash requirements, future prospects, regulatory review and other factors as further described in "business - supervision and regulation - capital, dividends and share repurchases." holders of our shares of common stock are subject to the prior dividend rights of holders of our preferred stock or the depositary shares representing such preferred stock outstanding. no dividend may be declared or paid on or set aside for payment on our common stock if full dividends have not been declared and paid on all outstanding shares of our preferred stock in any dividend period. banking laws and regulations and our banking regulators may limit or prohibit our payment of dividends on or our repurchase of our stock at any time. there can be no assurance that we will declare and pay any dividends on or repurchase our stock in the future.
discover financial services, our parent holding company, depends on dividends, distributions and other payments from its subsidiaries, particularly discover bank, to fund dividend payments, share repurchases, payments on its obligations, including debt obligations, and to provide funding and capital as needed to its operating subsidiaries. banking laws and regulations and our banking regulators may limit or prohibit our transfer of funds freely, either to or from our subsidiaries, at any time. these laws, regulations and rules may hinder our ability to access funds that we may need to make payments on our obligations or otherwise achieve strategic objectives. for more information, see "business - supervision and regulation - capital, dividends and share repurchases."
special note regarding forward-looking statements this annual report on form 10-k and materials we have filed or will file with the sec (as well as information included in our other written or oral statements) contain or will contain certain statements that are forward-looking within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. these statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. actual outcomes and results may differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, our forward-looking statements. words such as "expects," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "forecasts," and other similar expressions or future or conditional verbs such as "will," "should," "would," and "could," are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. you should not rely solely on the forward-looking statements and should consider all uncertainties and risks throughout this annual report on form 10-k, including those described under "risk factors." the statements are only as of the date they are made and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement.
•the effect of the covid-19 pandemic and measures taken to mitigate the pandemic, including their impact on our credit quality and business operations as well as their impact on general economic and financial markets;
•changes in economic variables, such as the availability of consumer credit, the housing market, energy costs, the number and size of personal bankruptcy filings, the rate of unemployment, the levels of consumer confidence and consumer debt and investor sentiment;
•the impact of current, pending and future legislation, regulation, supervisory guidance and regulatory and legal actions, including, but not limited to, those related to accounting guidance, tax reform, financial regulatory reform, consumer financial services practices, anti-corruption and funding, capital and liquidity;
•the actions and initiatives of current and potential competitors;
•our ability to manage our expenses;
•our ability to successfully achieve card acceptance across our networks and maintain relationships with network participants and merchants;
•our ability to sustain our card, private student loan and personal loan growth;
•our ability to increase or sustain discover card usage or attract new customers;
•difficulty obtaining regulatory approval for, financing, closing, transitioning, integrating or managing the expenses of acquisitions of or investments in new businesses, products or technologies;
•our ability to manage our credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, compliance and legal risk and strategic risk;
•the availability and cost of funding and capital;
•access to deposit, securitization, equity, debt and credit markets;
•the level and volatility of equity prices, commodity prices and interest rates, currency values, investments, other market fluctuations and other market indices;
•limits on our ability to pay dividends and repurchase our common stock;
•limits on our ability to receive payments from our subsidiaries;
•fraudulent activities or material security breaches of our or others' key systems;
•our ability to remain organizationally effective;
•the effect of political, economic and market conditions, geopolitical events and unforeseen or catastrophic events;
•our ability to introduce new products or services;
•our ability to manage our relationships with third-party vendors;
•our ability to maintain current technology and integrate new and acquired systems and technology;
•our ability to collect amounts for disputed transactions from merchants and merchant acquirers;
•our ability to attract and retain employees;
•our ability to protect our reputation and our intellectual property; and
•new lawsuits, investigations or similar matters or unanticipated developments related to current matters.
we routinely evaluate and may pursue acquisitions of or investments in businesses, products, technologies, loan portfolios or deposits, which may involve payment in cash or our debt or equity securities.
the foregoing review of important factors should not be construed as exclusive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in this annual report on form 10-k. these factors expressly qualify all subsequent oral and written forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf. except for any ongoing obligations to disclose material information as required under united states federal securities laws, we do not have any intention or obligation to update forward-looking statements after we distribute this annual report on form 10-k, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis constitutes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. actual results could differ materially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed below and elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k particularly under "risk factors" and "special note regarding forward-looking statements," which immediately follows "risk factors." unless otherwise specified, references to notes to our consolidated financial statements are to the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements as of december 31, 2020 and 2019 and for years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018.
introduction and overview discover financial services ("dfs") is a digital banking and payment services company. we provide digital banking products and services and payment services through our subsidiaries. we offer our customers credit card loans, private student loans, personal loans, home loans and deposit products. we also operate the discover network, the pulse network ("pulse") and diners club international ("diners club"). the discover network processes transactions for discover-branded credit and debit cards and provides payment transaction processing and settlement services. pulse operates an electronic funds transfer network, providing financial institutions issuing debit cards on the pulse network with access to atms domestically and internationally, as well as merchant acceptance throughout the united states for debit card transactions. diners club is a global payments network of licensees, which are generally financial institutions, that issue diners club branded credit and charge cards and/or provide card acceptance services.
our primary revenues consist of interest income earned on loan receivables and fees earned from customers, financial institutions, merchants and issuers. the primary expenses required to operate our business include funding costs (interest expense), credit loss provisions, customer rewards and expenses incurred to grow, manage and service our loan receivables and networks. our business activities are funded primarily through consumer deposits, securitization of loan receivables and the issuance of unsecured debt.
change in accounting principle financial accounting standards board ("fasb") accounting standards update ("asu") no. 2016-13, financial instruments-credit losses (topic 326): measurement of credit losses on financial instruments became effective for us on january 1, 2020. the standard significantly amended accounting principles generally accepted in the united states ("gaap") by replacing the incurred loss model with the current expected credit loss ("cecl") approach. the cecl approach requires our allowance for credit losses to be based on an estimate of all anticipated credit losses over the remaining expected life of all of the loans, as opposed to an estimate of incurred losses as of the balance sheet date. for additional information on cecl, see note 1: background and basis of presentation to our consolidated financial statements.
the asu required modified-retrospective application, meaning a cumulative-effect adjustment was recorded on january 1, 2020, without adjusting comparative prior periods. this cumulative-effect adjustment did not reflect the economic disruption resulting from the coronavirus disease 2019 ("covid-19") pandemic since the global disruption occurred subsequent to january 1, 2020. as a result of adoption, we recorded:
•a $2.5 billion increase to the allowance for credit losses on loan receivables primarily representing the adjustment for recording reserves for expected losses, not simply those deemed to be already incurred, and extending the loss estimate period over the entire life of the loan;
•a $0.6 billion increase to other assets related to deferred tax assets on the larger allowance for credit losses;
•the carrying value of purchased credit-deteriorated ("pcd") loans and related accrued interest reflected in other assets; and
•accrued expenses and other liabilities to record reserves for unfunded commitments.
as required by the asu, financial statement results and balances prior to january 1, 2020, have not been retrospectively adjusted to reflect the amendments in asu no. 2016-13. therefore, current period results and balances are not comparable to prior period amounts, particularly with regard to the provision and allowance for credit losses (and their related subtotals).
additional information for comparability to help investors understand our year-over-year performance, we are providing adjusted prior year allowance for credit losses and related allowance build figures using the cecl approach for comparative purposes. these adjusted prior year figures are non-gaap financial measures and should be viewed in addition to, not as a substitute for, our reported results. we believe that these adjusted figures are useful to investors since credit losses were estimated using the incurred loss approach prior to adoption of asu no. 2016-13 on january 1, 2020. the adjusted allowance and related build figures provide investors with comparable amounts to understand our results.
the following table provides a reconciliation of prior year allowance for credit losses figures as reported (using the incurred loss approach) to adjusted allowance for credit losses using the cecl approach, as well as related allowance build figures (dollars in millions):
allowance for credit losses - as reported (incurred)             $3,383                           $3,299                         $3,202                       $3,134              $3,041
allowance for credit losses - as adjusted (cecl)                 $5,844                           $5,739                         $5,602                       $5,542              $5,417
(2)calculated as the change in the allowance for credit losses as reported using the incurred loss approach.
(3)calculated as the change in the allowance for credit losses as adjusted using the cecl approach.
refer to "- critical accounting estimates - allowance for credit losses on loan receivables" for more details on our estimation process and key assumptions requiring significant judgment and to "- loan quality - provision and allowance for credit losses" for discussion of drivers of current period changes in the allowance for credit losses.
covid-19 pandemic response and impact the covid-19 pandemic has continued to have a widespread and unprecedented impact on a global scale. the health crisis continues to have a severe effect on the economy and unemployment. the impact of covid-19 continues to evolve rapidly. its future effects are uncertain and it may be difficult to assess or predict the extent of the impacts of the pandemic on us as many factors are beyond our control and knowledge. for a discussion of the risks we face with respect to the covid-19 pandemic, the associated economic uncertainty, the steps taken to mitigate the pandemic and the resulting economic contraction, see "item 1a - risk factors" in part i of this annual report on form 10-k. this section includes a discussion of significant areas of potential impact on us of the covid-19 pandemic and certain actions we are taking or expect to take in this time of uncertainty caused by the covid-19 pandemic.
outlook and financial results the pandemic has adversely impacted our financial results for the year ended december 31, 2020. during the year we saw a decrease in sales volume and credit card loan growth as well as an increase in our estimate of life of loan expected credit losses. due to the economic environment and the resulting pressure on earnings in 2020, we successfully executed our strategy and implemented approximately $400 million of cost reductions off of previously provided guidance from the fourth quarter 2019 earnings release, by targeting areas such as account acquisition costs and marketing expenses. offsetting these executed cost reductions were several non-recurring expense items in the fourth quarter of 2020 that were unrelated to the covid-19 pandemic. outbreaks of covid-19 have resulted in state and local governments implementing, or in some cases re-implementing, measures to try to contain the virus such as travel bans and restrictions, shutdowns and quarantines. we anticipate these measures as well as the related economic uncertainty will continue to negatively impact consumer and business spending habits and the consumer credit
environment, including the ability of consumers to repay their loans. while certain parts of the united states have lifted these measures, the resurgence of covid-19 has, and may continue to result in, governments re-imposing restrictions that may remain in place for a significant period of time.
we expect the economic uncertainty associated with the covid-19 pandemic to continue in 2021. the level of impact on our business depends on the timing and shape of the economic recovery. we anticipate modest loan growth during 2021, the size of which will be dependent on payment rate trends and the timing and pace of the broad economic recovery. regarding net interest margin, we expect to see continued benefit from lower deposit rates and the maturity of higher rate funding. in terms of credit performance, we expect losses to increase in the second half of 2021. the timing and magnitude of losses could be impacted by any additional government stimulus or material shifts in the economic environment. we remain committed to disciplined expense management and will continue to make investments for profitable long-term growth, including increased marketing as well as investments in core technology capabilities and efficiency improvements.
regulatory and legislative federal, state and local governments, including the united states congress, the executive branch and independent banking agencies have taken extraordinary measures to support the united states economy and mitigate the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic on the economy and on society at large. these policies have included regulatory relief and flexibility to financial institutions, liquidity to capital markets and financial support to businesses and consumers, including financial stimulus, payment forbearance, small business lending programs, increased unemployment payments and other forms of assistance. lawmakers continue to offer additional proposals in an attempt to mitigate harm to the economy and consumers. the effects of these programs are broad and very complex and depend upon a wide variety of factors some of which are yet to be identified. thus, the ultimate impact of these programs and policies on our business, results of operations and financial condition is difficult to quantify and may not be known for some time. for more information, see "- regulatory environment and developments" below.
loan receivables in our loan portfolio, we continue to lend to customers, but have tightened standards for new accounts and for growing existing accounts. currently, we are providing support to our customers impacted by covid-19 across all of our loan products to help our customers during this period of economic difficulty. over the course of the year, we materially increased our allowance for credit losses in anticipation of higher credit losses caused by deterioration in the macroeconomic outlook. our estimate of expected loss reflected in our allowance for credit losses includes the risk associated with all loans and considers the effects of all loan modifications, including tdrs, loan modifications exempt from tdr status under the coronavirus aid, relief, and economic security act ("cares act") and skip-a-pay (payment deferral) programs. the reserve for the year ended december 31, 2020, also took into account our best estimate for the impact of programs put in place by federal and state governments and agencies to mitigate the economic impact of the pandemic. it is unclear whether the measures employed to date are complete or whether federal and state governments and agencies may take additional action that could impact our business. refer to "- loan quality - impact of covid-19 on loan quality" for more details on the current period allowance for credit losses.
capital and liquidity we entered the covid-19 pandemic in march 2020 with strong capital and liquidity position sized to allow us to maintain normal operations during extended periods of financial market stress and disruptions to wholesale and retail funding sources. our reserves of high-quality liquid assets and access to diverse funding channels allowed us to refrain from issuing debt while certain wholesale funding markets experienced disruptions and wider credit spreads, particularly during the second quarter. moreover, our direct-to-consumer balance increased substantially during the second and third quarters as investors sought safer assets. consequently, our cash and other liquid assets balances have increased materially since the onset of the covid-19 pandemic, curtailing our need for wholesale funding.
we remain well-capitalized with capital ratios in excess of regulatory minimums and have taken prudent actions to preserve capital and augment our capital when the macroeconomic and operating environment turned uncertain. of note, we suspended our plans to purchase shares of our common stock through the end of 2020, took actions to reduce our exposure to higher-risk segments of our credit portfolio and issued preferred stock during the second quarter of 2020. we have also completed numerous stress tests to assess the impact of a severe economic downturn on our capital and liquidity and maintain ample amounts of both to ensure we remain well-capitalized and funded while continuing to serve our customers and extend special accommodations to those who need it.
for purposes of calculating regulatory capital, we have elected to defer recognition of the estimated impact of cecl on regulatory capital for two years in accordance with the interim final rule announced by federal banking regulators on march 27, 2020. pursuant to the interim final rule, the estimated impact of cecl on regulatory capital will be phased in over a three-year period beginning in 2022. for more information on the impact of covid-19 on liquidity and capital, see "- liquidity and capital resources - impact of covid-19 on liquidity and capital."
payment services as governments across the united states and the world have taken steps to minimize the transmission of covid-19, the number of transactions processed on the discover global network has declined overall despite increases in certain categories. certain negatively impacted categories such as travel make up a small portion of the transactions processed but may have an outsized impact on some of our diners club franchisees. the current crisis may result in lasting changes in consumer payment behaviors, such as a shift from credit to debit, a decline in the use of cash, increasing online sales and rapid adoption of contactless payment. as economic uncertainty persists, these shifts may continue to result in changes to the payment services segment's results of operations.
fair value and impairments with the uncertain nature of the pandemic's overall impact to the economy, we continue to assess the impact of the covid-19 pandemic with respect to our goodwill and intangible assets, investment securities and other long-term assets and determined that there were no material impairments necessary during the quarter ended december 31, 2020. for more information on the impact of covid-19 on intangible assets, see note 7: goodwill and intangible assets to our consolidated financial statements.
business continuity and operations we have re-opened some of our physical locations with appropriate health safety measures and capacity limitations, including our corporate headquarters. however, we have informed employees that they may continue to work from home and will not be required to return to our physical locations until june 2021, at the earliest. notwithstanding the shift to work-from-home, our operations continue largely unaffected due to the successful implementation of certain of our business continuity plans. operational changes necessitated by the rapid shift in employee location have not thus far had a material adverse effect on us or our financial condition; however, the shift has caused us to grow increasingly dependent on third-party service providers, including those with which we have no relationship such as our employees' internet service providers. for more information on the risks associated with reliance on third-party service providers and the shift to work from home, see our risk factors disclosed in "item 1a - risk factors" in part i of this annual report on form 10-k.
regulatory environment and developments the covid-19 pandemic continues to dramatically impact the u.s. and global economies. we continue to work with our customers to address their unique financial situations, while balancing safety and soundness requirements. we are in contact with our regulators, who continue to proactively encourage banks to work with borrowers during this time of stress. among other actions, the federal banking agencies have taken the following measures to proactively address the economic disruptions caused by the covid-19 outbreak and provide flexibility for banking organizations to work with impacted businesses and consumers:
•market stabilization: the federal reserve reduced short-term interest rates to near zero and launched numerous programs and facilities, including the term asset-backed securities loan facility, to increase market liquidity and promote stability;
•capital & liquidity flexibility: regulatory agencies issued statements urging banks to use their capital and liquidity buffers to continue lending during the crisis;
•cecl: a joint agency final rule on cecl provided banks, such as discover, with the option to delay cecl's impact on regulatory capital for two years, followed by a three year phase-in of those impacts. the united states department of the treasury subsequently released a study on cecl impacts, noting the need to continue to assess and potentially make changes to the standard or regulatory capital requirements;
•flexibility to work with consumers: the agencies issued joint guidance encouraging banks to work with borrowers and provided guidelines for prudent relief programs. the agencies worked with the fasb to provide accounting-classification flexibility for certain short-term loan modifications. subsequently, the
federal financial institutions examination council ("ffiec") issued a statement emphasizing the need for institutions to utilize "prudent risk management and consumer protection principles...while working with borrowers as loans near the end of initial loan accommodation periods";
•pandemic planning: the ffiec released updated guidance to remind banks of actions they should be taking to minimize potential adverse effects of the pandemic on business continuity; and
•supervisory flexibility: regulatory agencies have indicated willingness to work with institutions to provide flexibility and minimize burdens of supervisory activities, including extending deadlines for data collections.
in addition to the above regulatory actions, legislative action was taken to address the economic disruptions caused by the covid-19 outbreak:
•cares act: enactment of the cares act in march 2020 provided expanded unemployment benefits and direct payments to impacted consumers, and offered relief to consumers through changes to credit reporting requirements and mandated forbearance on certain federally-backed mortgages and federal student loans. the cares act provided the option for financial institutions, including discover, to temporarily suspend certain accounting requirements related to troubled debt restructurings ("tdrs") and delay the effective date of cecl for the duration of the national emergency. see "- banking - capital standards and stress testing" and "- loan quality - impact of covid-19 on loan quality" below for more information.
•omnibus and covid relief and response act: enactment of additional covid relief in the 2021 appropriations bill, h.r. 133, in december 2020 provided additional stimulus payments, increased unemployment benefits, increased small business funding under the payment protection program and extended many cares act provisions, including those related to cecl and tdrs.
as the pandemic continues into its second year, additional legislative and regulatory action may be proposed and could include provisions that significantly impact our prospects and business practices. the impact of these legislative and regulatory initiatives on us, the economy and the united states consumer will depend upon a wide variety of factors some of which are yet to be identified.
banking capital standards and stress testing discover is subject to mandatory supervisory stress tests every other year and is required to submit annual capital plans to the federal reserve based on internal forward-looking analysis of income and capital levels under expected and stressful conditions. discover is also subject to capital buffer requirements, including the stress capital buffer ("scb"), which requires maintenance of regulatory capital levels above a threshold that is established based on the results of supervisory stress tests after accounting for planned dividend payments.
on june 25, 2020, we received results of the federal reserve's supervisory stress tests and preliminary scb requirement. the notice indicated that discover's capital ratios remain above all required minimums under each of the supervisory scenarios and based on the stress test results our preliminary scb requirement was set at 3.5%, which was announced as final in a public notice issued by the federal reserve on august 10, 2020. however, in addition to the stress test and scb results, the federal reserve also notified discover that it and all other firms that participated in the 2020 comprehensive capital analysis and review ("ccar") exercise would be required to submit a revised capital plan to be assessed by the federal reserve under newly developed scenarios incorporating economic stresses reflecting the ongoing covid-19 pandemic. the federal reserve notified all firms subject to ccar that they would be subject to temporary restrictions on capital distributions in the third and fourth quarter of 2020 that restricted most share repurchases and limited dividends based on a formula that takes into account the firm's average net income over the preceding four quarters.
on november 2, 2020, discover submitted its revised capital plan as part of the ccar resubmission process and the federal reserve publicly announced results of its analysis on december 18, 2020. the results indicate that discover's regulatory capital ratios remained above all minimum requirements under each of the stress test scenarios. however, due to ongoing economic uncertainty, the federal reserve has extended the temporary restrictions on capital distributions, with modifications, for all firms subject ccar through at least the first quarter of 2021. for the first quarter of 2021, provided discover does not increase the amount of its common stock dividends, discover may pay common stock dividends and make share repurchases that, in the aggregate, do not exceed an amount equal to the average of discover's net income for the four preceding quarters. the federal reserve has not yet indicated whether it
will use the recent stress test results to adjust discover or other firms' scb requirement. we will continue to conduct forward-looking sensitivity analysis and stress tests to assess the potential impact of economic changes resulting from the covid-19 pandemic on capital planning and provide this information to our board of directors as well as our regulators.
on january 19, 2021, the federal reserve finalized regulatory amendments that make targeted changes to the capital planning, regulatory reporting and scb requirements for firms subject to category iv standards to be consistent with the federal reserve's regulatory the tailoring framework. the final rules generally align to instructions that had previously been provided by the federal reserve to category iv firms for recent capital plan submissions. the amended rules also provides category iv firms with the option to submit to supervisory stress tests during off years if they wish to have the stress test portion of their scb reset. the federal reserve had solicited comment on the need for possible changes to regulatory guidance related to the capital planning process. in connection with the final rulemaking, the federal reserve revised the scope of application of its existing regulatory guidance for capital planning to align to the tailoring framework. however, the timing and substance of any additional changes to existing guidance is uncertain.
consumer financial services the consumer financial protection bureau (the "cfpb") regulates consumer financial products and services and examines certain providers of consumer financial products and services, including discover. the cfpb's authority includes preventing "unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices" and ensuring that consumers have access to fair, transparent and competitive financial products and services. the cfpb has rulemaking, supervision and enforcement powers with respect to federal consumer protection laws. historically, the cfpb's policy priorities focused on several financial products of the type we offer (e.g. credit cards and other consumer lending products). in addition, the cfpb is required by statute to undertake certain actions including its biennial review of the consumer credit card market. in december 2020, certain of our subsidiaries entered into a consent order with the cfpb regarding certain student loan servicing practices. see note 19: litigation and regulatory matters to our consolidated financial statements for more information.
president biden has announced that he intends to nominate federal trade commissioner rohit chopra to serve as the director of the cfpb. until mr. chopra is confirmed by the united states senate, president biden has appointed david uejio to serve as acting director of the cfpb. under mr. chopra's leadership, the cfpb's priorities are expected to focus on, among other things, vigorous enforcement of existing consumer protection laws, with a particular focus on unfair, deceptive and abusive acts and practices, student lending and servicing, fair lending and debt collection. these changes to the cfpb's strategies and priorities and any resulting regulatory developments, findings, potential supervisory or enforcement actions and ratings could negatively impact our business strategies, require us to limit or change our business practices, limit our product offerings, invest more management time and resources in compliance efforts, limit the fees we can charge for services, or limit our ability to pursue certain business opportunities and obtain related required regulatory approvals. the additional expense, time and resources needed to comply with ongoing or new regulatory requirements may adversely impact our business and results of operations.
president biden's nomination of a new cfpb director as well as a new head of the office of the comptroller of the currency will also change the composition of the board of directors of the federal deposit insurance corporation ("fdic"). although the term of the fdic's chair does not expire until 2024, the board may not adopt and approve her priorities for the fdic.
data security and privacy policymakers at the federal and state levels remain focused on measures to enhance data security and data breach incident response requirements. furthermore, regulations and legislation at various levels of government have been proposed and enacted to augment data privacy standards. for example, the california consumer privacy act ("ccpa") creates a broad set of privacy rights and remedies modeled in part on the european union's general data protection regulation ("gdpr"). the ccpa went into effect on january 1, 2020, and the final california attorney general regulations became effective on august 14, 2020. california attorney general enforcement for ccpa began on july 1, 2020. the california privacy rights act ("cpra"), a ballot measure led by the original proponent of the ccpa, passed on november 3, 2020, and largely enters into force on january 1, 2023. the cpra amends the ccpa to enhance consumer privacy protections and overall brings california's privacy law closer to the gdpr. the cpra also creates a new california privacy protection agency. while the cpra retains an exemption for information collected, processed, sold, or disclosed subject to the gramm-leach-bliley act, we continue to evaluate the impact of the cpra on
segments we manage our business activities in two segments, digital banking and payment services, based on the products and services provided. for a detailed description of the operations of each segment, as well as the allocation conventions used in our business segment reporting, see note 22: segment disclosures to our consolidated financial statements.
digital banking interest income credit card                                     $8,985                          $9,690                          $8,835
provision for credit losses(1)                   5,134                           3,233                           3,035
provision for credit losses                          -                             (2)                               -
(1)prior to adoption of asu no. 2016-13 on january 1, 2020, credit losses were estimated using the incurred loss approach.
credit card volume discover card volume(3)                            $153,943                          $160,283                          $152,826
(3)represents discover card activity related to sales net of returns, balance transfers, cash advances and other activity.
(4)represents discover card activity related to sales net of returns.
digital banking our digital banking segment reported pretax income of $1.3 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020, as compared to $3.6 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019.
net interest income decreased for the year ended december 31, 2020, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2019, primarily driven by lower yields and lower volume on credit card loans, partially offset by lower funding costs. interest income decreased over the prior year primarily due to lower yields on credit cards loans, which was the result of lower market rates, and lower volume. interest expense decreased compared to the prior year due to lower average market rates and lower funding costs.
for the year ended december 31, 2020, the provision for credit losses increased as compared to the year ended december 31, 2019, which primarily reflects the impact of life of loan reserving under cecl and a significant adverse change in the economic outlook due to the covid-19 pandemic. for a detailed discussion on provision for credit losses, see "- loan quality - provision and allowance for credit losses."
total other income for the digital banking segment decreased for the year ended december 31, 2020, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2019, primarily driven by a decrease in discount and interchange revenue, other income and loan fee income. net discount and interchange revenue decreased as a result of a decline in sales volume due to the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic. other income decreased due to a non-recurring write-down of certain real estate facilities. loan fee income decreased primarily due to lower late fees and cash advance fees.
total other expense was relatively flat for the year ended december 31, 2020, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2019. employee compensation and benefits increased as a result of higher average salaries, a larger headcount base, and a voluntary early retirement program which was initiated in the fourth quarter of 2020. information processing and communications increased due to non-recurring software write-offs and investments in infrastructure. this was offset by a decrease in marketing costs due to covid-19 related expense reductions in brand advertising for card.
payment services our payment services segment reported pretax income of $172 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, as compared to pretax income of $189 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the decrease in segment pretax income was primarily due to an increase in segment pretax expense driven by a covid-19 related non-cash impairment charge on the diners club business in the second quarter of 2020, partially offset by gains on equity investment sales during the year.
critical accounting estimates in preparing our consolidated financial statements in conformity with gaap, management must make judgments and use estimates and assumptions about the effects of matters that are uncertain. for estimates that involve a high degree of judgment and subjectivity, it is possible that different estimates could reasonably be derived for the same period. for estimates that are particularly sensitive to changes in economic or market conditions, significant changes to the estimated amount from period to period are also possible. management believes the current assumptions and other considerations used to estimate amounts reflected in our consolidated financial statements are appropriate. however, if actual experience differs from the assumptions and other considerations used in estimating amounts in our consolidated financial statements, the resulting changes could have a material effect on our consolidated results of operations and, in certain cases, could have a material effect on our consolidated financial condition. management has identified the estimates related to our allowance for credit losses as a critical accounting estimate.
allowance for credit losses we base our allowance for credit losses on several analyses that help us estimate credit losses anticipated over the remaining expected life of loan receivables as of the balance sheet date. in deriving this estimate, we consider the collectability of principal, interest and fees associated with our loan receivables. we also consider expected recoveries of amounts that were either previously charged-off or are expected to be charged-off. our estimation process includes models that predict customer losses based on risk characteristics and portfolio attributes, macroeconomic variables and historical data and analysis. there is a significant amount of judgment applied in selecting inputs and analyzing the results produced to determine the allowance. the allowance for credit losses for each loan product type is based on: (i) a reasonable and supportable forecast period, (ii) a reversion period and (iii) a post-reversion period based on historical information covering the remaining life of the loan. for credit card loans, we use a modeling framework that includes the following components: (i) probability of default, (ii) exposure at default and (iii) loss given default, as well as estimated recoveries, for estimating expected credit losses. for student loans and personal loans, we use vintage-based models that estimate expected credit losses net of recoveries over the life of the loans. the considerations in these models include past and current loan performance, loan growth and seasoning, risk management practices, account collection strategies, economic conditions, bankruptcy filings, policy changes and forecasting uncertainties. given the same information, others may reach different reasonable estimates.
the key assumptions requiring significant judgment in the allowance for credit losses estimate on a quarterly basis include determination of the lengths of the reasonable and supportable forecast and reversion periods, as well as the macroeconomic variables selected for use in loss forecast models. the lengths of the reasonable and supportable forecast and reversion periods can vary and are subject to a quarterly assessment that considers the economic outlook and level of variability among macroeconomic forecasts. generally, a straight-line method is used to revert from the reasonable and supportable forecast period to the post-reversion period, but in certain stressed scenarios, a weighted approach may be deemed more appropriate. the specific macroeconomic variables most significant to the loss forecast models may change over time, but generally include measures of consumer indebtedness, unemployment, personal income and housing-related metrics.
the overall economic environment directly impacts both the reasonable and supportable forecast and reversion periods, as well as the macroeconomic variables that are used in the loss forecast models. if management used different assumptions about the economic environment in estimating expected credit losses, the impact to the allowance for credit losses could have a material effect on our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. in addition, if we experience a rapidly changing economic environment, as experienced recently under the covid-19 pandemic, the uncertainty around the credit loss forecasts may increase, both due to the uncertainty of the economic forecasts and the challenges our models may have in incorporating them. see "- loan quality" and note 4: loan receivables to our consolidated financial statements for further details about our allowance for credit losses.
provision for credit losses(1)                                  5,134                           3,231                           3,035                       1,903                            59    %                  196                       6   %
net interest income after provision for credit losses           4,096                           6,232                           5,719                     (2,136)                          (34)    %                  513                       9   %
(1)prior to the adoption of asu no. 2016-13 on january 1, 2020, credit losses were estimated using the incurred loss approach.
net interest income the tables that follow this section have been provided to supplement the discussion below and provide further analysis of net interest income, net interest margin and the impact of rate and volume changes on net interest income. net interest income represents the difference between interest income earned on our interest-earning assets and the interest expense incurred to finance those assets. we analyze net interest income in total by calculating net interest margin (net interest income as a percentage of average total loan receivables) and net yield on interest-earning assets (net interest income as a percentage of average total interest-earning assets). we also separately consider the impact of the level of loan receivables and the related interest yield and the impact of the cost of funds related to each of our funding sources, along with the income generated by our liquidity portfolio, on net interest income.
our interest-earning assets consist of: (i) cash and cash equivalents primarily related to amounts on deposit with the federal reserve bank of philadelphia; (ii) restricted cash; (iii) other short-term investments; (iv) investment securities; and (v) loan receivables. our interest-bearing liabilities consist primarily of deposits, both direct-to-consumer and brokered and long-term borrowings, including amounts owed to securitization investors. net interest income is influenced by the following:
•the level and composition of loan receivables, including the proportion of credit card loans to other loans, as well as the proportion of loan receivables bearing interest at promotional rates as compared to standard rates;
•the credit performance of our loans, particularly with regard to charge-offs of finance charges, which reduce interest income;
•the terms of long-term borrowings and certificates of deposit upon initial offering, including maturity and interest rate;
•the interest rates necessary to attract and maintain direct-to-consumer deposits;
•the level and composition of other interest-earning assets, including our liquidity portfolio and interest-bearing liabilities;
net interest income decreased for the year ended december 31, 2020, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2019, primarily driven by lower yields and lower volume on credit card loans, partially offset by lower funding costs. interest income decreased over the prior year primarily due to lower yields on credit cards loans, which was the result of lower market rates, and lower volume. interest expense decreased compared to the prior year due to lower average market rates and lower funding costs.
investment securities                                     11,431                            2.21     %                  252                         7,603                            2.35     %                  179                       1,910                         2.08     %                   40
credit card(2)                                            71,447                           12.58     %                8,985                        72,740                           13.32     %                9,690                      67,953                        13.00     %                8,835
allowance for credit losses(3)                           (7,301)                                                                                  (3,167)                                                                                (2,776)
liabilities and stockholders' equity interest-bearing liabilities interest-bearing deposits time deposits                                            $32,226                            2.40     %                  772                       $33,870                            2.57     %                  869                     $31,236                         2.22     %                  695
money market deposits(4)                                   7,774                            1.10     %                   85                         7,069                            2.09     %                  148                       6,798                         1.81     %                  123
other interest-bearing savings deposits                   35,077                            1.06     %                  374                        28,209                            2.02     %                  570                      23,886                         1.76     %                  420
total interest-bearing deposits(5)                        75,077                            1.64     %                1,231                        69,148                            2.30     %                1,587                      61,920                         2.00     %                1,238
securitized borrowings(4)(6)                              12,521                            1.44     %                  181                        14,572                            2.92     %                  425                      16,218                         2.67     %                  433
total interest-bearing liabilities                        99,618                            1.87     %                1,865                        94,781                            2.67     %                2,530                      88,371                         2.42     %                2,139
other liabilities and stockholders' equity                15,231                                                                                   16,209                                                                                 15,470
total liabilities and stockholders' equity              $114,849                                                                                 $110,990                                                                               $103,841
(2)interest income on credit card loans includes $298 million, $281 million and $241 million of amortization of balance transfer fees for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
(3)prior to the adoption of asu no. 2016-13 on january 1, 2020, credit losses were estimated using the incurred loss approach.
(5)includes the impact of federal deposit insurance corporation ("fdic") insurance premiums and large institution surcharge. as of october 2018, the fdic no longer assesses a large institution surcharge.
(9)interest rate spread represents the difference between the rate on total interest-earning assets and the rate on total interest-bearing liabilities.
investment securities                                                     84                            (11)                              73                       133                             6                           139
loan receivables credit card                                                            (171)                           (534)                           (705)                       634                           221                           855
interest-bearing liabilities interest-bearing deposits time deposits                                                           (41)                            (56)                            (97)                        61                           113                           174
money market deposits                                                     15                            (78)                            (63)                         5                            20                            25
other interest-bearing savings deposits                                  116                           (312)                           (196)                        83                            67                           150
total interest-bearing deposits                                           90                           (446)                           (356)                       149                           200                           349
securitized borrowings                                                  (53)                           (191)                           (244)                      (46)                            38                           (8)
loan quality impact of the covid-19 pandemic on loan quality the covid-19 pandemic and its impact to the economy has had a significant effect on our sales volume and credit card loan growth during 2020. while we continue to lend to customers, we have tightened standards for new accounts and for growing existing accounts across all products.
in response to the covid-19 pandemic, we expanded borrower relief offerings to include skip-a-pay (payment deferral) and other loan modification programs, complementing the assistance already available through our existing loan modification programs. the accounts using these modifications as a result of the pandemic impact were evaluated for potential exclusion from tdr status either due to the insignificance of the concession or because they qualified for exemption pursuant to the cares act. while we continue to support and provide assistance to all customers impacted by the covid-19 pandemic, we are no longer offering enrollments in the skip-a-pay (payment deferral) programs or loan modifications developed specifically for covid-19 as of august 31, 2020. while the skip-a-pay (payment deferral) programs were active, we enrolled approximately 699 thousand customers and $5.5 billion in receivables in total. as of december 31, 2020, accounts actively enrolled in the skip-a-pay (payment deferral) programs were immaterial. the skip-a-pay (payment deferral) programs provided only an insignificant delay in payment on the enrolled accounts or loans and therefore those deferrals were not classified as tdrs.
the utilization of these skip-a-pay (payment deferral) programs had a favorable impact on reported credit performance because, pursuant to regulatory guidelines, accounts enrolled in the skip-a-pay (payment deferral) programs did not advance through delinquency cycles in the same time frame as would have occurred without the programs. specifically, current accounts enrolled in the skip-a-pay (payment deferral) programs did not advance to delinquency and delinquent accounts enrolled in the skip-a-pay (payment deferral) programs did not advance to the next delinquency cycle or to charge-off. this impact was most pronounced in the second quarter of 2020 when the skip-a-pay (payment deferral) programs were initially offered; the impact dissipated as enrollments tapered off significantly after the initial months of the covid-19 pandemic. by the fourth quarter of 2020, there was no material impact to delinquencies from these payment deferrals since delinquent loans were advancing through the delinquency cycles or to charge-off as appropriate after these payment deferrals ceased being offered.
additionally, certain customer accounts entering loan modification programs during the pandemic were excluded from being reported as tdrs due to relief provided by the cares act. as a result, fewer loan modifications were reported as tdrs at december 31, 2020, than otherwise would have been. the payment status of modified accounts excluded from tdr status pursuant to the cares act is reflected in our delinquency reporting.
number of accounts                                                balances                                     number of accounts                                          balances credit card loans             152,055                                                           $1,022                                       208,566                                                     $1,539
the following table provides the number of accounts that exited a temporary loan modification program that were exempt from tdr designation pursuant to the cares act and corresponding outstanding balances along with the amount of the outstanding balances that were delinquent (30 or more days past due) upon exiting the temporary loan modification program (dollars in millions):
credit card loans                         32,089                                      $235                           $29
(1)includes balances charged-off at the end of the month the account exited the temporary loan modification program. the balances charged-off were not meaningful for the year ended december 31, 2020.
the omnibus and covid relief and response act extended the loan modification relief provided by the cares act through the earlier of january 1, 2022, or the date that is 60 days after the termination of the national emergency declared by the president of the united states of america on march 13, 2020, under the national emergencies act related to the outbreak of covid-19. as such, reported tdrs are expected to remain lower than they otherwise would have been.
our estimate of expected loss reflected in our allowance for credit losses includes the risk associated with all loans and considers the effects of all loan modifications, including tdrs, loan modifications exempt from tdr status under the cares act and skip-a-pay (payment deferral) programs. despite the lower delinquency and tdr trends we have seen in 2020, we believe we have appropriately reflected the risk presented by the accounts using these programs as well as the economic impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our customers in the allowance for credit losses. since the adoption of cecl on january 1, 2020, the increases in the allowance for credit losses during 2020 are indicative of the deterioration in consumer credit we expect related to the pandemic. the year-to-date build in the allowance of $4.8 billion, which includes the $2.5 billion cumulative-effect adjustment for the adoption of cecl, is largely attributable to card loans but includes increases associated with all loan products. labor markets, historically indicative of trends in credit losses, have been significantly stressed by the covid-19 pandemic with unemployment reaching levels that are elevated by historical standards. the higher allowance for credit losses reflects our view of this economic impact on our customers. refer to note 4: loan receivables to our consolidated financial statements for more details on modification programs, tdrs and the allowance for credit losses.
credit card loans                        $71,472                 $77,181                 $72,876                 $67,291                 $61,522
allowance for credit losses(1)           (8,226)                 (3,383)                 (3,041)                 (2,621)                 (2,167)
(1)prior to adoption of asu no. 2016-13 on january 1, 2020, credit losses were estimated using the incurred loss approach.
provision and allowance for credit losses provision for credit losses is the expense related to maintaining the allowance for credit losses at an appropriate level to absorb the estimate of credit losses anticipated over the remaining expected life of loan receivables at each period end date. in deriving the estimate of expected credit loss, we consider the collectability of principal, interest and fees associated with our loan receivables. we also consider expected recoveries that were either previously charged-off or are expected to be charged-off. establishing the estimate for expected losses requires significant management judgment. the factors that influence the provision for credit losses include:
•changes in consumer spending, payment and credit utilization behaviors;
•the level of originations and maturities; and
•changes in the overall mix of accounts and products within the portfolio;
•the credit quality of the loan portfolio, which reflects our credit granting practices and the effectiveness of collection efforts, among other factors;
•the impact of general economic conditions on the consumer, including national and regional conditions, unemployment levels, bankruptcy trends and interest rate movements;
for more details on how we estimate the allowance for credit losses, refer to "- critical accounting estimates - allowance for credit losses on loan receivables" and note 4: loan receivables to our consolidated financial statements. the following tables provide changes in our allowance for credit losses (dollars in millions):
credit card loans                     private student                   personal loans                   other loans                   total loans loans balance at december 31, 2019(1)                                 $2,883                                $148                              $348                             $4                        $3,383
additions provision for credit losses(3)                                   4,379                                 251                               476                             11                         5,117
credit card loans                     private student                   personal loans                   other loans                   total loans loans balance at december 31, 2018(1)                                 $2,528                                $169                              $338                             $6                        $3,041
additions provision for credit losses(1)                                   2,849                                  51                               332                            (1)                         3,231
credit card loans                     private student                   personal loans                   other loans                   total loans loans balance at december 31, 2017                                    $2,147                                $162                              $301                            $11                        $2,621
additions provision for credit losses(1)                                   2,594                                  95                               345                              1                         3,035
(1)prior to the adoption of asu no. 2016-13 on january 1, 2020, credit losses were estimated using the incurred loss approach.
(2)represents the adjustment to the allowance for credit losses as a result of the adoption of asu no. 2016-13 on january 1, 2020.
(3)excludes a $17 million build of the liability for expected credit losses on unfunded commitments for the year ended december 31, 2020, as the liability is recorded in accrued expenses and other liabilities in our consolidated statements of financial condition.
credit card loans                     private student                   personal loans               other loans                       total loans loans balance at december 31, 2016(1)               $1,790                                $158                              $200                      $19                              $2,167
additions provision for credit losses(1)                 2,159                                  93                               332                      (5)                               2,579
credit card loans                     private student                   personal loans               other loans                       total loans loans balance at december 31, 2015(1)               $1,554                                $143                              $155                      $17                              $1,869
additions provision for credit losses(1)                 1,579                                  82                               196                              2                         1,859
(1)prior to the adoption of asu no. 2016-13 on january 1, 2020, credit losses were estimated using the incurred loss approach.
the allowance for credit losses was $8.2 billion at december 31, 2020, which reflects a $4.8 billion build over the amount of the allowance for credit losses at december 31, 2019. the allowance build across all loan products was due to (i) a $2.5 billion cumulative-effect adjustment for the adoption of cecl on january 1, 2020, and (ii) a $2.3 billion build that primarily reflects an economic outlook that included the covid-19 pandemic and resulting economic stress.
in estimating the allowance at december 31, 2020, we used a macroeconomic forecast that projected (i) a peak unemployment rate of 8.7%, recovering to 8.2% by the end of 2021with slow recovery over the next few years and (ii) a 2.7% growth in gross domestic product in 2021. we also considered the uncertainties associated with some of the assumptions used in the macroeconomic forecast, including the amount and timing of additional government stimulus. furthermore, the estimate contemplated the impact of previous government stimulus programs and other loan modification programs on borrower payment trends. the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on the economy continues to cause uncertainty in assumptions surrounding factors such as length and depth of economic stresses and longer term impacts on borrower behavior, which has required significant management judgment in estimating the allowance for credit losses.
the forecast period we deemed to be reasonable and supportable was 18 months for all periods since the adoption of cecl except for the estimate as of march 31, 2020. the decrease to 12 months as of march 31, 2020, was due to the uncertainty caused by the rapidly changing economic environment resulting from the covid-19 pandemic. the return to an 18-month reasonable and supportable forecast period was based on the view that the present macroeconomic conditions will last for a longer period than previously expected. the reversion period was 12 months for all quarters since the adoption of cecl. during the first quarter of 2020, a straight-line method was used to revert to appropriate historical information. in the second quarter of 2020, the high degree of economic stress led us to apply a weighted reversion method for credit card loans that puts more emphasis on the loss forecast model rather than
lower historical losses. for similar reasons, we determined it was appropriate to apply a weighted reversion method for all loans in the third and fourth quarter.
the provision for credit losses is the amount of expense realized after considering the level of net charge-offs in the period and the required amount of allowance for credit losses at the balance sheet date. for the year ended december 31, 2020, the provision for credit losses increased by $1.9 billion, or 58%, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2019. the provision for credit losses was determined under separate methodologies for these two periods based on the timing of the adoption of asu no. 2016-13 on january 1, 2020; however, the largest driver of the increase in provision between the two periods was the significant adverse change in economic outlook due to the covid-19 pandemic.
net charge-offs our net charge-offs include the principal amount of losses charged off less principal recoveries and exclude charged-off and recovered interest and fees and fraud losses. charged-off and recovered interest and fees are recorded in interest income and loan fee income, respectively, which is effectively a reclassification of the provision for credit losses, while net fraud losses are recorded in other expense.
credit card loans                   $2,438              3.41   %               $2,494              3.43   %               $2,213              3.26   %               $1,802              2.91   %               $1,343              2.34   %
the net charge-offs on credit card loans for the year ended december 31, 2020, decreased when compared to the year ended december 31, 2019, due to decreased loan receivables, government stimulus and disaster relief programs. the net charge-offs on private student loans for the year ended december 31, 2020, decreased when compared to the year ended december 31, 2019, due to the impacts of government stimulus and disaster relief programs. the net charge-offs on personal loans for the year ended december 31, 2020, decreased when compared to the year ended december 31, 2019, due to improved underwriting, government stimulus and disaster relief programs.
the net charge-off rate on our credit card loans remained relatively flat for the year ended december 31, 2020, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2019, as a result of the decrease in receivables year-over-year offset by the impact of improved underwriting, government stimulus and disaster relief programs. the net charge-off rate on our private student loans decreased for the year ended december 31, 2020, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2019, due to the impacts of government stimulus and disaster relief programs. the net charge-off rate on our personal loans decreased for the year ended december 31, 2020, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2019, due to improved underwriting and the impacts of government stimulus and disaster relief programs.
delinquencies delinquencies are an indicator of credit quality at a point in time. a loan balance is considered delinquent when contractual payments on the loan become 30 days past due.
loans 30 or more days delinquent credit card loans                            $1,478              2.07   %               $2,019              2.62   %               $1,772              2.43   %               $1,532              2.28   %               $1,252              2.04   %
credit card loans                              $739              1.03   %               $1,020              1.32   %                 $887              1.22   %                 $751              1.12   %                 $597              0.97   %
loans restructured in tdr programs credit card loans(3)(4)(5)
total credit card loans                      $1,673              2.34   %               $3,362              4.35   %               $2,248              3.08   %               $1,316              1.96   %               $1,085              1.76   %
(2)credit card loans that were 90 or more days delinquent at december 31, 2020, included $44 million in modified loans exempt from tdr status under the cares act. within private student loans and personal loans that were 90 or more days delinquent at december 31, 2020, the respective amounts associated with modifications exempt from tdr status under the cares act were immaterial.
(3)we estimate that interest income recognized on credit card loans restructured in tdr programs was $221 million, $347 million, $180 million, $107 million and $88 million for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. we do not separately track interest income on loans in tdr programs. this amount was estimated by applying an average interest rate to the average loans in the various tdr programs.
(4)we estimate that the incremental interest income that would have been recorded in accordance with the original terms of credit card loans restructured in tdr programs was $181 million, $202 million, $137 million, $86 million and $77 million, for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. we do not separately track the amount of incremental interest income that would have been recorded if the loans in tdr programs had not been restructured and interest had instead been recorded in accordance with the original terms. this amount was estimated by applying the difference between the average interest rate earned on non-modified loans and the average interest rate earned on loans in the tdr programs to the average loans in the tdr programs.
(5)credit card loans restructured in tdr programs include $94 million, $184 million, $124 million, $74 million and $60 million at december 31, 2020, 2019, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively, which are also included in loans 90 or more days delinquent.
the 30-day and 90-day delinquency rates in the table above include all loans, including tdrs, modified loans exempt from tdr status and prior modifications which are no longer required to be reported as tdrs. the 30-day and 90-day delinquency rates for credit card loans at december 31, 2020, decreased as compared to december 31, 2019, primarily due to government stimulus and disaster relief programs. the 30-day and 90-day delinquency rates for personal loans decreased at december 31, 2020, compared to december 31, 2019, as a result of improved underwriting, government stimulus and disaster relief programs. the 30-day and 90-day delinquency rates for student loans decreased at december 31, 2020, compared to december 31, 2019, due to government stimulus and disaster relief programs.
the balance of credit card loans reported as tdrs decreased at december 31, 2020, as compared to december 31, 2019, due to customer usage of loan modification programs subject to tdr exclusion pursuant to the cares act as well as the exclusion of customer accounts that had previously been classified as a tdr for which the account has been subsequently restructured to a market interest rate and the customer has demonstrated financial stability. as of december 31, 2020, there were approximately $1.1 billion, or 1.61%, of credit card loan receivables currently enrolled in a loan modification program that were exempt from tdr designation pursuant to the cares act. to provide additional clarity with respect to credit card loans classified as tdrs, the table above presents loans that are currently enrolled in modification programs separately from loans that have exited those programs but retain that classification.
modified and restructured loans for information regarding modified and restructured loans, see "- delinquencies," "- impact of covid-19 on loan quality, "- covid-19 pandemic response and impact - loan receivables" and note 4: loan receivables to our consolidated financial statements.
maturities and sensitivities of loan receivables to changes in interest rates our loan portfolio had the following maturity distribution(1) (dollars in millions):
at december 31, 2020                 due one                  due after                  due after           total year or                   one year                 five years less                    through five years credit card loans               $21,269                   $37,982                    $12,221           $71,472
gains (losses) on equity investments                   80                             (3)                               -                        83                         (2,767)    %                (3)                             -    %
total other income decreased $138 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2019, which was primarily driven by a decrease in discount and interchange revenue, other income and loan fee income, partially offset by gains on equity investments. net discount and interchange revenue decreased as a result of a decline in sales volume due to the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic. other income decreased due to a non-recurring write-down of certain real estate facilities. loan fee income decreased primarily due to lower late fees and cash advance fees. gains on equity investments increased primarily from sales during the year.
employee compensation and benefits                 $1,894                          $1,738                          $1,627                    $156                             9    %               $111                       7   %
total other expense increased $126 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase was primarily driven by employee compensation and benefits, information processing and communications and other expense. employee compensation and benefits increased as a result of higher average salaries, a larger headcount base, and a voluntary early retirement program which was initiated in the fourth quarter of 2020. the increase in information processing and communications was due to non-recurring software write-offs and investments in infrastructure. the increase in other expense was primarily due to a covid-19 related non-cash impairment charge on the diners club business in the second quarter of 2020 and charges for penalties and restitution in connection with the student loan business. this was offset by a decrease in marketing costs due to covid-19 related expense reductions in brand advertising for card.
income tax expense the following table reconciles our effective tax rate to the united states federal statutory income tax rate:
united states federal statutory income tax rate                                                                21.0    %                     21.0    %                     21.0    %
united states state, local and other income taxes, net of united states federal income tax benefits             3.4                           3.5                           3.6
tax credits                                                                                                   (4.4)                         (1.4)                         (1.3)
for the year ended december 31, 2020, income tax expense decreased $584 million, or 66.5%, and the effective income tax rate decreased 2.4 percentage points percent as compared to the year ended december 31, 2019. the decrease in income tax expense was primarily driven by a decrease in pretax income. the effective tax rate decreased primarily due to tax credits having a higher rate benefit on lower pretax income.
liquidity and capital resources impact of covid-19 on liquidity and capital we entered the covid-19 pandemic in march 2020 with strong capital and liquidity positions sized to allow us to maintain normal operations during extended periods of financial market stress and disruptions to wholesale and retail funding sources. our reserves of high-quality liquid assets and access to diverse funding channels allowed us to refrain from issuing debt while certain wholesale funding markets experienced disruptions and wider credit spreads, particularly during the second quarter of 2020. moreover, our direct-to-consumer deposit balance increased substantially during the second and third quarters of 2020 as investors sought safe-haven assets. consequently, our cash and other liquid assets balances have increased materially since the onset of the pandemic, curtailing our need for wholesale funding.
we remain well-capitalized with capital ratios in excess of regulatory minimums and took prudent actions to preserve and augment our capital when the macroeconomic and operating environment turned uncertain. of note, we suspended our plans to purchase shares of our common stock through the end of 2020, took actions to reduce our exposures to higher-risk segments of our credit portfolio and issued preferred stock during the second quarter of 2020. we have also completed numerous stress tests to assess the impact of a severe economic downturn on our capital and liquidity and maintain ample amounts of both to ensure we remain well-capitalized and funded while continuing to serve our customers and extend special accommodations to those who need it.
the united states' economy is recovering from a severe recession as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. considerable uncertainty exists about the path of recovery as the virus continues to spread throughout the united states while vaccines are not yet widely available. as a result, we plan to maintain prudent liquid asset and capital buffers as long as heightened uncertainty around the macroeconomic and financial operating environment persists.
funding and liquidity we seek to maintain stable, diversified and cost-effective funding sources and a strong liquidity profile in order to fund our business and repay or refinance our maturing obligations under both normal operating conditions and periods of economic or financial stress. in managing our liquidity risk, we seek to maintain a prudent liability maturity profile and ready access to an ample store of primary and contingent liquidity sources. our primary funding sources include direct-to-consumer and brokered deposits, public term asset-backed securitizations and other short- and long-term borrowings. our primary liquidity sources include a liquidity portfolio comprised of highly liquid, unencumbered assets, including cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and investment securities and secured borrowing capacity through private term asset-backed securitizations and federal home loan bank advances. in addition, we have unused borrowing capacity with the federal reserve discount window, which provides another source of contingent liquidity.
funding sources deposits we offer deposit products to customers through two channels: (i) through direct marketing, internet origination and affinity relationships ("direct-to-consumer deposits") and (ii) indirectly through contractual arrangements with securities brokerage firms ("brokered deposits"). direct-to-consumer deposits include online savings accounts, certificates of deposit, money market accounts, ira certificates of deposit and checking accounts, while brokered deposits include certificates of deposit and sweep accounts. at december 31, 2020, we had $63.5 billion of direct-to-consumer deposits and $13.4 billion of brokered and other deposits.
credit card securitization financing we securitize credit card receivables as a source of funding. we access the asset-backed securitization market using the discover card master trust i ("dcmt") and the discover card execution note trust ("dcent"). in connection with our securitization transactions, credit card receivables are transferred to dcmt. dcmt has issued a certificate representing the beneficial interest in its credit card receivables to dcent. we issue dcent discoverseries notes in both public and private transactions through dcent, which are collateralized by the beneficial interest certificate held by dcent. from time to time, we may add credit card receivables to dcmt to create sufficient funding capacity for future securitizations while managing seller's interest. we retain significant exposure to the performance of the securitized credit card receivables through holdings of the seller's interest and subordinated classes of dcent discoverseries notes. at december 31, 2020, we had $10.6 billion of outstanding public asset-backed securities and $6.1 billion of outstanding subordinated asset-backed securities that had been issued to our wholly-owned subsidiaries.
the securitization structures include certain features designed to protect investors. the primary feature relates to the availability and adequacy of cash flows in the securitized pool of receivables to meet contractual requirements, the insufficiency of which triggers early repayment of the securities. we refer to this as "economic early amortization," which is based on excess spread levels. excess spread is the amount by which income received with respect to the securitized credit card receivables during a collection period, including interest collections, fees and interchange, exceeds the fees and expenses of dcent during such collection period, including interest expense, servicing fees and charged-off receivables. in the event of an economic early amortization, which would occur if the excess spread fell below 0% on a three-month rolling average basis, we would be required to repay all outstanding securitized borrowings using available collections received with respect to the securitized credit card receivables. for the three months ended december 31, 2020, the discoverseries three-month rolling average excess spread was 13.71%. the period of ultimate repayment would be determined by the amount and timing of collections received.
through our wholly-owned indirect subsidiary, discover funding llc, we are required to maintain an interest in a contractual minimum level of receivables in dcmt in excess of the face value of outstanding investors' interests. this minimum interest is referred to as the minimum seller's interest. the required minimum seller's interest in the pool of trust receivables is set at approximately 7% in excess of the total investors' interests, which includes interests held by third parties as well as those interests held by us. if the level of receivables in dcmt were to fall below the required minimum, we would be required to add receivables from the unrestricted pool of receivables, which would increase the amount of credit card receivables restricted for securitization investors. a decline in the amount of the excess seller's interest could occur if balance repayments and charge-offs exceeded new lending on the securitized accounts or as a result of changes in total outstanding investors' interests. seller's interest exhibits seasonality as higher receivable balance repayments tend to occur in the first calendar year quarter. if we could not add enough receivables to satisfy the minimum seller's interest requirement, an early amortization (or repayment) of investors' interests would be triggered.
an early amortization event would impair our liquidity and may require us to utilize our available non-securitization related contingent liquidity or rely on alternative funding sources, which may or may not be available at the time. we have several strategies we can deploy to prevent an early amortization event. for instance, we could add additional receivables to dcmt, which would reduce our available borrowing capacity at the federal reserve discount window. as of december 31, 2020, there were $27.3 billion of credit card receivables in dcmt and no accounts were added to those restricted for securitization investors for the year ended december 31, 2020. alternatively, we could employ structured discounting, which was used effectively in 2009 to bolster excess spread and mitigate early amortization risk.
the following table summarizes expected contractual maturities of the investors' interests in credit card securitizations, excluding those that have been issued to our wholly-owned subsidiaries (dollars in millions):
at december 31, 2020                                                                               total           less than         one year          four years        after five one year          through           through           years three years       five years scheduled maturities of long-term borrowings - owed to credit card securitization investors        $10,710         $3,455            $5,918            $1,337            $-
the "aaa(sf)" and "aaa(sf)" ratings of the dcent discoverseries class a notes issued to date has been based, in part, on an fdic rule, which created a safe harbor that provides that the fdic, as conservator or receiver, will not use its power to disaffirm or repudiate contracts, seek to reclaim or recover assets transferred in connection with a securitization, or recharacterize assets transferred in connection with a securitization as assets of the insured depository institution, provided such transfer satisfies the conditions for sale accounting treatment under previous gaap. although the implementation of fasb accounting standards codification topic 860, transfers and servicing, no longer qualified certain transfers of assets for sale accounting treatment, the fdic approved a final rule that preserved the safe-harbor treatment applicable to revolving trusts and master trusts, including dcmt, so long as those trusts would have satisfied the original fdic safe harbor if evaluated under gaap pertaining to transfers of financial assets in effect prior to december 2009. other legislative and regulatory developments may, however, impact our ability or desire to issue asset-backed securities in the future.
federal home loan bank advances during the fourth quarter of 2020, discover bank became a member bank of the federal home loan bank of chicago, one of 11 federal home loan banks (fhlbs) that, along with the office of finance, compose the federal home loan bank system. the fhlbs are government-sponsored enterprises of the united states of america chartered to improve the availability of funds to support home ownership. as such, senior debt obligations of the fhlbs feature the same credit ratings as united states treasury securities and are considered high-quality liquid assets for bank regulatory purposes. consequently, the fhlbs enjoy consistent capital markets access during nearly all macroeconomic and financial market conditions and low funding costs, which they pass on to their member banks when they borrow advances. thus, we consider fhlb advances a stable and reliable funding source for discover bank for both normal and contingency purposes. we intend to pledge our home loans to the federal home loan bank of chicago and periodically borrow advances against them. under certain stressed conditions, we could also pledge our liquidity portfolio securities and borrow against them at a modest reduction to their value.
other long-term borrowings-student loans at december 31, 2020, $130 million of remaining principal balance was outstanding on securitized debt assumed as part of our acquisition of the student loan corporation. principal and interest payments on the underlying student loans will reduce the balance of these secured borrowings over time.
short-term borrowings as part of our regular funding strategy, we may from time to time borrow short-term funds in the federal funds market or the repurchase ("repo") market through repurchase agreements. federal funds are short-term, unsecured loans between banks or other financial entities with a federal reserve account. funds borrowed in the repo market are short-term, collateralized loans, usually secured with highly-rated investment securities such as united states treasury bills or notes, or federal agency mortgage bonds or debentures. at december 31, 2020, there were no outstanding balances in the federal funds market or under repurchase agreements.
additional funding sources private asset-backed securitizations we have access to committed borrowing capacity through privately placed asset-backed securitizations. at december 31, 2020, we had total committed capacity of $6.0 billion, none of which was drawn. while we may utilize funding from these private securitizations from time to time for normal business operations, their committed nature also makes them a reliable contingency funding source. therefore, we reserve some undrawn capacity, informed by our liquidity stress test results, for potential contingency funding needs. we also seek to ensure the stability and reliability of these securitizations by staggering their maturity dates, renewing them approximately one year prior to their scheduled maturity dates and periodically drawing them in operational tests and for seasonal funding needs.
federal reserve discover bank has access to the federal reserve bank of philadelphia's discount window. as of december 31, 2020, discover bank had $32.9 billion of available borrowing capacity through the discount window based on the amount and type of assets pledged, primarily consumer loans. we have no borrowings outstanding under the discount window and reserve this capacity as a source of contingent liquidity.
funding uses our primary uses of funds include the extensions of loans and credit, primarily through discover bank; the purchase of investment securities for our liquidity portfolio; working capital; and debt and capital service. we assess funding uses and liquidity needs under stressed and normal operating conditions, considering primary uses of funding, such as on-balance sheet loans and contingent uses of funding, such as the need to post additional collateral for derivatives positions. in order to anticipate funding needs under stress, we conduct liquidity stress tests to assess the impact of idiosyncratic, systemic and hybrid (idiosyncratic and systemic) scenarios with varying levels of liquidity risk reflecting a range of stress severity.
credit ratings our borrowing costs and capacity in certain funding markets, including those for securitizations and unsecured senior and subordinated debt, may be affected by the credit ratings of dfs, discover bank and the securitization trusts. downgrades in these credit ratings could result in higher interest expense on our unsecured debt and asset securitizations, as well as higher credit enhancement requirements for both our public and private asset securitizations. in addition to increased funding costs, deterioration in credit ratings could reduce our borrowing capacity in the unsecured debt and asset securitization capital markets.
we also maintain agreements with certain of our derivative counterparties that contain provisions that require dfs and discover bank to maintain an investment grade credit rating from specified major credit rating agencies. if its credit ratings were to fall below investment grade, discover bank would be required to post additional collateral, which would have been $0 million as of december 31, 2020. dfs (parent company) had no outstanding derivatives as of december 31, 2020, and therefore, no collateral was required.
in light of the covid-19 pandemic, rating agencies have cited their expectation that the banking industry will experience heightened loan delinquencies and charge-offs given recent deterioration in the labor market. during the second quarter of 2020, moody's, standard and poor's and fitch ratings affirmed our credit ratings; standard and poor's and fitch changed the outlook on our senior unsecured credit ratings from "stable," to "negative," while moody's retained a "stable" outlook on our credit ratings. our credit ratings and outlooks on our debt have not changed since. a rating outlook reflects an agency's opinion regarding the likely rating direction over the medium term-often a period of about a year-but also indicates the agency's belief that the issuer's credit profile is consistent with its current rating level at that point in time. the table below reflects our current credit ratings and outlooks:
moody's investors service        standard &amp; poor's         fitch ratings discover financial services senior unsecured debt                                                baa3                             bbb-                          bbb+
a credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities, may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating.
liquidity we seek to ensure that we have adequate liquidity to sustain business operations, fund asset growth and satisfy debt obligations under stressed and normal operating conditions. in addition to the funding sources discussed in the previous section, we also maintain highly liquid, unencumbered assets in our liquidity portfolio that we expect to be able to convert to cash quickly and with little loss of value using either the repo market or outright sales.
we maintain a liquidity risk and funding management policy, which outlines the overall framework and general principles we follow in managing liquidity risk across our business. the policy is approved by the board of directors with implementation responsibilities delegated to the asset and liability management committee (the "alco"). additionally, we maintain a liquidity management framework document, which outlines the general strategies, objectives and principles we utilize to manage our liquidity position and the various liquidity risks inherent in our business model. we seek to balance the trade-offs between maintaining too much liquidity, which may be costly, with having too little liquidity, which could cause financial distress. liquidity risk is centrally managed by the alco, which is chaired by our treasurer and has cross-functional membership. the alco monitors the liquidity risk profiles of dfs and discover bank and oversees any actions corporate treasury may take to ensure that we maintain ready access to our funding sources and sufficient liquidity to meet current and projected needs. in addition, the alco and our board of directors regularly review our compliance with our liquidity limits at dfs and discover bank, which are established in accordance with the liquidity risk appetite set by our board of directors.
we employ a variety of metrics to monitor and manage liquidity. we utilize early warning indicators ("ewis") to detect emerging liquidity stress events and a reporting and escalation process that is designed to be consistent with regulatory guidance. the ewis include both idiosyncratic and systemic measures and are monitored on a daily basis and reported to the alco regularly. a warning from one or more of these indicators triggers prompt review and decision-making by our senior management team and, in certain instances, may lead to the convening of a senior-level response team and activation of our contingency funding plan.
in addition, we conduct liquidity stress tests regularly and ensure contingency funding is in place to address potential liquidity shortfalls. we evaluate a range of stress scenarios that are designed in accordance with regulatory requirements, including idiosyncratic, systemic and a combination of such events that could impact funding sources and our ability to meet liquidity needs. these scenarios measure the projected liquidity position at dfs and discover bank
across a range of time horizons by comparing estimated contingency funding needs to available contingent liquidity.
our primary contingent liquidity sources include our liquidity portfolio securities, which we could sell, repo or borrow against at the federal home loan bank of chicago, and private securitizations with unused borrowing capacity. in addition, we have unused borrowing capacity with the federal reserve discount window, which provides an additional source of contingent liquidity. we seek to maintain sufficient liquidity to be able to satisfy all maturing obligations and fund business operations for at least 12 months in a severe stress environment. in such an environment, we may also take actions to curtail the size of our balance sheet, which would reduce the need for funding and liquidity.
at december 31, 2020, our liquidity portfolio is comprised of highly liquid, unencumbered assets, including cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and investment securities. cash and cash equivalents were primarily in the form of deposits with the federal reserve and united states treasury bills. short-term investments were primarily comprised of united states treasury bills with contractual maturities greater than 90 days but less than one year at the time of acquisition. investment securities primarily included debt obligations of the united states treasury and residential mortgage-backed securities ("rmbs") issued by united states government housing agencies or government-sponsored enterprises. these investments are considered highly liquid and we expect to have the ability to raise cash by selling them, utilizing repurchase agreements or pledging certain of these investments to access secured funding. the size and composition of our liquidity portfolio may fluctuate based upon the size of our balance sheet as well as operational requirements, market conditions and interest rate risk management policies. for instance, our liquidity portfolio grew materially during 2020 as our customer deposits increased and our loan balances declined, reflecting consumers' response to the covid-19 pandemic.
at december 31, 2020, our liquidity portfolio and undrawn credit facilities were $63.3 billion, which was $7.0 billion higher than the balance at december 31, 2019. during the year ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, the average balance of our liquidity portfolio was and $24.6 billion and $18.1 billion, respectively.
liquidity portfolio cash and cash equivalents(1)                                     $12,675                          $6,406
investment securities(2)                                           9,536                          10,202
total liquidity portfolio                                         24,411                          16,608
private asset-backed securitizations(3)                            6,000                           5,500
primary liquidity sources                                         30,411                          22,108
total liquidity portfolio and undrawn credit facilities          $63,341                         $56,328
(1)cash in the process of settlement and restricted cash are excluded from cash and cash equivalents for liquidity purposes.
(2)excludes $117 million and $121 million of united states treasury securities that have been pledged as swap collateral in lieu of cash as of december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
(3)see "- additional funding sources" for additional information.
bank holding company liquidity the primary uses of funds at the unconsolidated dfs level include debt service obligations (interest payments and return of principal) and capital service and management activities, which include dividend payments on capital instruments and the periodic repurchase of shares of our common stock. our primary sources of funds at the bank holding company level include the proceeds from the issuance of unsecured debt and capital securities, as well as dividends from our subsidiaries, particularly discover bank. under periods of idiosyncratic or systemic stress, the bank holding company could lose or experience impaired access to the capital markets. in addition, our regulators have the discretion to restrict dividend payments from discover bank to the bank holding company.
maturity schedule to minimize the amount of debt maturing within a short period of time. see note 9: long-term borrowings to our consolidated financial statements for further information regarding our debt.
capital our primary sources of capital are the earnings generated by our businesses and the proceeds from issuances of capital securities. we seek to manage capital to a level and composition sufficient to support the growth and risks of our businesses and to meet regulatory requirements, rating agency targets and debt investor expectations. within these constraints, we are focused on deploying capital in a manner that provides attractive returns to our stockholders. the level, composition and utilization of capital are influenced by changes in the economic environment, strategic initiatives and legislative and regulatory developments.
under regulatory capital requirements adopted by the federal reserve and the fdic, dfs, along with discover bank, must maintain minimum levels of capital. failure to meet minimum capital requirements can result in the initiation of certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could limit our business activities and have a direct material effect on our financial position and operating results. we must meet specific capital requirements that involve quantitative measures of assets, liabilities and certain off-balance sheet items, as calculated under regulatory guidance and regulations. current or future legislative or regulatory reforms, such as the impacts of cecl, may require us to hold more capital or adversely impact our capital level. we consider the potential impacts of these reforms in managing our capital position.
dfs and discover bank are subject to regulatory capital requirements that became effective january 2015 under final rules issued by the federal reserve and the fdic to implement the provisions under the basel committee's december 2010 framework ("basel iii rules"). the basel iii rules require dfs and discover bank to maintain minimum risk-based capital and leverage ratios and define what constitutes capital for purposes of calculating those ratios. under basel iii rules for regulatory capital, dfs and discover bank are classified as "standardized approach" entities, defined as united states banking organizations with consolidated total assets over $50 billion but not exceeding $250 billion and consolidated total on-balance sheet foreign exposures less than $10 billion.
as of january 1, 2019, thresholds within the basel iii rules are fully phased in with the exception of certain transition provisions that were frozen pursuant to regulations issued in november 2017. pursuant to a final rule issued in july 2019, the transition provisions that were previously frozen will be replaced with new permanent thresholds as discussed below. additionally, on march 27, 2020, federal bank regulatory agencies announced an interim and now final rule that allows banks that have implemented cecl the option to delay for two years the estimated impact of cecl on regulatory capital, followed by a three-year transition period. for purposes of calculating regulatory capital, we have elected to defer recognition of the estimated impact of cecl on regulatory capital for two years in accordance with the final rule; after that period of deferral, the estimated impact of cecl on regulatory capital will be phased in over a three-year period beginning in 2022. we estimate that electing this option raised our common equity tier 1 ("cet1") capital ratios in 2020. for additional information regarding the risk-based capital and leverage ratios, see note 17: capital adequacy to our consolidated financial statements.
on march 4, 2020, the federal reserve announced the scb final rule, which imposes limitations on our capital distributions if we do not maintain our capital ratios above stated regulatory minimum ratios based on the results of supervisory stress tests. we participated in the ccar supervisory stress test in 2020 and received our scb of 3.5%, which primarily reflects the difference between our actual cet1 ratio as of the fourth quarter of 2019 and our projected minimum cet1 ratio based on the federal reserve's models in its nine-quarter severely adverse stress scenario. the scb became effective october 1, 2020. under this rule, we are required to assess whether our planned capital actions are consistent with the effective capital distributions limitations that will apply on a pro-forma basis throughout the planning horizon. in december 2020, the federal reserve notified discover bank and other large banks that it reserves the right to recalculate their scbs based on the results of the most recent round of capital stress tests. if it chooses to exercise this right, the federal reserve will notify those banks of its intent by march 31, 2021. see "- regulatory environment and developments - banking - capital standards and stress testing" for additional information.
the basel iii rules provide for certain threshold-based deductions from and adjustments to cet1 to the extent that any one such category or all such categories in the aggregate exceed certain percentages of cet1. in july 2019, federal banking regulators issued a final rule that, among other things, revised certain capital requirements for standardized approach banks by raising the 10% of cet1 deduction threshold for certain items to 25% and eliminating the 15% combined deduction threshold applying to these items. these changes became effective for all standardized approach banking institutions in april 2020.
basel iii rules also require disclosures relating to market discipline. this series of disclosures is commonly referred to as "pillar 3." the objective is to increase transparency of capital requirements for banking organizations. we are required to make prescribed regulatory disclosures on a quarterly basis regarding our capital structure, capital adequacy, risk exposures and risk-weighted assets. we make the pillar 3 disclosures publicly available on our website in a report called "basel iii regulatory capital disclosures."
at december 31, 2020, dfs and discover bank met the requirements for "well-capitalized" status under regulation y and the prompt corrective action rules, respectively, exceeding the regulatory minimums to which they were subject under the applicable rules. additionally, we are subject to regulatory requirements imposed by the federal reserve as part of its stress testing framework and ccar program. refer to "- regulatory environment and developments" for more information.
we disclose tangible common equity, which represents common equity less goodwill and intangibles. management believes that common stockholders' equity excluding goodwill and intangibles is meaningful to investors as a measure of our true net asset value. as of december 31, 2020, tangible common equity is not formally defined by gaap or codified in the federal banking regulations and, as such, is considered to be a non-gaap financial measure. other financial services companies may also disclose this measure and definitions may vary, so we advise users of this information to exercise caution in comparing this measure for different companies.
the following table provides a reconciliation of total common stockholders' equity (a gaap financial measure) to tangible common equity (dollars in millions):
total common stockholders' equity(1)            $9,828                     $11,296
tangible common equity                          $9,478                     $10,886
(1)total common stockholders' equity is calculated as total stockholders' equity less preferred stock.
discover is required to submit a capital plan and submit to supervisory stress tests as part of the federal reserve's ccar process. on april 6, 2020, we submitted our annual capital plan to the federal reserve covering the period july 1, 2020, to june 30, 2021. on june 25, 2020, we received the results of that stress test. given the severe, pandemic-induced economic recession, the federal reserve required us, along with all other ccar firms, to prepare and submit a second capital plan in november 2020, in response to another capital stress test reflecting macroeconomic conditions since the covid-19 outbreak. we received the results of that second capital plan in december 2020. in conjunction with those results, the federal reserve extended certain limits on the capital distribution of ccar banks, as discussed below.
we recently declared a quarterly cash dividend on our common stock of $0.44 per share, payable on march 4, 2021 to holders of record on february 18, 2021, which is consistent with the quarterly amount paid throughout 2020. in light of the current economic downturn, the federal reserve required all large banks participating in the ccar supervisory stress tests to cap common stock dividends at the lower of the prior quarter's dividend or the average of a firm's net income over the preceding four quarters. we also recently declared a semi-annual cash dividend on our series c and series d preferred stock. the series c preferred stock pays a dividend of $2,750 per share, equal to $27.50 per depositary share, payable on april 30, 2021 to holders of record on april 15, 2021, which is consistent with the amount paid in the second and fourth quarters of 2019 and 2020. the series d preferred stock pays a dividend of $4,611 per share, equal to $46.11 per depositary share, payable on march 23, 2021 to holders of record on march 8, 2021. the series d preferred dividend includes a $30.63 semi-annual dividend plus $15.48 for a long first dividend period.
our old share repurchase program, which had $1.2 billion of remaining authorization, expired on september 30, 2020. in january 2021, our board of directors approved a new share repurchase program authorizing up to $1.1 billion of share repurchases. the program expires on december 31, 2021. our decision to repurchase shares of common stock will depend on our financial results, prevailing and expected economic conditions, potential regulatory limitations and other considerations. for example, the federal reserve is currently restricting ccar banks from paying common stock dividends and share repurchases that would exceed an amount equal to the average of a firm's net income over the preceding four calendar quarters. share repurchases under the program may be made
through a variety of methods, including open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or other purchases, including block trades, accelerated share repurchase transactions, or any combination of such methods. having suspended share repurchases early in 2020 in recognition of the pandemic-induced economic downturn, we repurchased no common stock during the three months ended december 31, 2020. during the year ended december 31, 2020, we repurchased approximately 4 million shares, or 1.4% of our outstanding common stock as of december 31, 2019, for $320 million.
the amount and size of any future dividends and share repurchases will depend upon our results of operations, financial condition, capital levels, cash requirements, future prospects and other factors, such as the impact of cecl. the declaration and payment of future dividends, as well as the amount thereof, are subject to the discretion of our board of directors. holders of our shares of common stock are subject to the prior dividend rights of holders of our preferred stock or the depositary shares representing such preferred stock outstanding. no dividend may be declared or paid or set aside for payment on our common stock if full dividends have not been declared and paid on all outstanding shares of preferred stock in any dividend period. in addition, as noted above, banking laws and regulations and our banking regulators may limit our ability to pay dividends and make share repurchases, including limitations on the extent to which our banking subsidiary can provide funds to us through dividends, loans or otherwise. further, current or future regulatory reforms may require us to hold more capital or adversely impact our capital level. there can be no assurance that we will declare and pay any dividends or repurchase any shares of our common stock in the future.
certain off-balance sheet arrangements guarantees guarantees are contracts or indemnification agreements that contingently require us to make payments to a guaranteed party based on changes in an underlying asset, liability, or equity security of a guaranteed party, rate or index. also included in guarantees are contracts that contingently require the guarantor to make payments to a guaranteed party based on another entity's failure to perform under an agreement. our guarantees relate to transactions processed on the discover network and certain transactions processed by pulse and diners club. see note 18: commitments, contingencies and guarantees to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion regarding our guarantees.
contractual obligations and contingent liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business, we enter into various contractual obligations that may require future cash payments. contractual obligations include deposits, long-term borrowings, operating lease obligations, interest payments on fixed-rate debt, purchase obligations and other liabilities. our future cash payments associated with our contractual obligations are summarized below (dollars in millions):
payments due by period at december 31, 2020                                   total                  less than one year                    one year through three years                   four years through five years                   more than five years deposits(1)(2)                                   $76,904                        $66,484                                       $6,779                                          $2,229                                    $1,412
other liabilities(5)                                 335                             81                                           65                                              46                                       143
(1)deposits do not include interest payments because payment amounts and timing cannot be reasonably estimated as certain deposit accounts have early withdrawal rights and the option to roll interest payments into the balance.
(2)deposits due in less than one year include deposits with indeterminate maturities.
(4)purchase obligations for goods and services include payments under, among other things, consulting, outsourcing, data, advertising, sponsorship, software license, telecommunications agreements and global acceptance contracts. purchase obligations also include payments under rewards program agreements with merchants. purchase obligations at december 31, 2020, reflect the minimum purchase obligation under legally binding contracts with contract terms that are both fixed and determinable. these amounts exclude obligations for goods and services that already have been incurred and are reflected on our consolidated statement of financial condition.
(5)other liabilities include our expected benefit payments associated with our pension plan, the contingent liability associated with our other investments accounted for under the equity method and a commitment to purchase certain when-issued mortgage-backed securities under an agreement with the delaware state housing authority as part of our community reinvestment initiatives.
as of december 31, 2020, our consolidated statement of financial condition reflects a liability for unrecognized tax benefits of $56 million and approximately $15 million of accrued interest and penalties. since the ultimate amount and timing of any future cash settlements cannot be predicted with reasonable certainty, the estimated income tax obligations about which there is uncertainty have been excluded from the contractual obligations table. see note 15: income taxes to our consolidated financial statements for further information concerning our tax obligations.
we extend credit for consumer loans, primarily arising from agreements with customers for unused lines of credit on certain credit cards and certain other loan products, provided there is no violation of conditions established in the related agreement. at december 31, 2020, our unused credit arrangements were approximately $213.7 billion. these arrangements, substantially all of which we can terminate at any time and which do not necessarily represent future cash requirements, are periodically reviewed based on account usage, customer creditworthiness and loan qualification. in addition, in the ordinary course of business, we guarantee payment on behalf of subsidiaries relating to contractual obligations with external parties. the activities of the subsidiaries covered by any such guarantees are included in our consolidated financial statements.