item 1a. risk factors for an enterprise as large and complex as the company, a wide range of factors could materially affect future developments and performance. in addition to the factors affecting specific business operations identified in connection with the description of these operations and the financial results of these operations elsewhere in this report and our other filings with the sec, the most significant factors affecting our business include the following:
business, economic, market and operating condition risks the adverse impact of covid-19 on our businesses will continue for an unknown length of time and may continue to impact certain of our key sources of revenue.
the impact of covid-19 and measures to prevent its spread are affecting our businesses in a number of ways. our theme parks were closed or operating at significantly reduced capacity for a significant portion of the year, cruise ship sailings, guided tours and stage play performances were suspended since late in the second quarter, and retail stores were closed for a significant portion of the year. in addition, we have delayed or, in some instances shortened or cancelled, theatrical releases and have experienced adverse impacts on advertising sales and on our merchandise licensing business. many of our businesses have been closed or suspended consistent with government mandates or guidance. we have experienced disruptions in the production and availability of content, including the deferral or cancellation of certain sports events and suspension of production of most film and television content. we have continued to pay for certain sports rights, including for certain events that have been deferred or canceled. the impacts to our content have resulted in decreased viewership and advertising revenues, and demands for affiliate fee reductions related to certain of our television networks. these impacts are likely to be exacerbated the longer such content is not available, including if sports content should become unavailable again in the future. other of our offerings will be exposed to additional financial impacts in the event of future significant unavailability of content. covid-19 impacts could also hasten the erosion of our historical sources of revenue at our media networks businesses. we have significantly reduced numbers of reservations at our hotels and cruises. we have granted rent waivers to some of our tenants, and they have not paid rent while certain of our facilities have been closed. we have experienced increased returns and refunds and customer requests table of contents for payment deferrals. collectively, our impacted businesses have historically been the source of the majority of our revenue. some of our businesses remain closed and those that are open are operating subject to restrictions and increased expenses. these and other impacts of covid-19 on our businesses will continue for an unknown length of time. covid-19 impacts that have subsided may again impact our businesses in the future and new impacts may emerge, particularly given the rise of covid-19 cases following the end of fiscal 2020. for example, some of our parks have closed due to government mandates or guidance following their initial reopening.
consumers may change their behavior and consumption patterns in response to the prolonged suspension of certain of our businesses, such as subscription to pay television packages (which have experienced accelerated decline during covid-19) or theater-going to watch movies. certain of our customers, including individuals as well as businesses such as theatrical distributors, affiliates, licensees of rights to use our programming and intellectual property, advertisers and others, have been negatively impacted by the economic downturn caused by covid-19, which may result in decreased purchases of our goods and services even after certain operations resume. some industries in which our customers operate, such as theatrical distribution, retail and travel, could experience contraction, which could impact the profitability of our businesses going forward. additionally, we have and will continue to incur incremental costs to implement health and safety measures, reopen our parks and restart our halted construction projects. as we have resumed production of film and television content, including live sporting events, we have incurred costs to implement health and safety measures and productions will generally take longer to complete.
our mitigation efforts in response to the impacts of covid-19 on our businesses have had, or may have, negative impacts. the company (or our board of directors, as applicable) significantly increased cash balances through the issuance of senior notes in march and may 2020, and we entered into an additional $5.0 billion credit facility in april 2020, did not declare a dividend with respect to fiscal year 2020 operations; suspended certain capital projects; reduced certain discretionary expenditures (such as spending on marketing); temporarily reduced management compensation; temporarily eliminated board of director retainers and committee fees; furloughed over half of our employees (some of whom remain furloughed and continue to receive company provided medical benefits); and reduced our employee population. such mitigation measures have resulted in the delay or suspension of certain projects in which we have invested, particularly at our parks and resorts and studio entertainment segment. we may take additional mitigation actions in the future such as raising additional financing; not declaring future dividends; reducing, or not making, certain payments, such as some contributions to our pension and postretirement medical plans; further suspending capital spending; reducing film and television content investments; or implementing additional furloughs or reductions in force. these and other of our mitigating actions may have an adverse impact on our businesses. additionally, there are certain limitations on our ability to mitigate the adverse financial impact of covid-19, including the fixed costs of our theme park business and the impact covid-19 may have on capital markets and our cost of borrowing. further, the benefit of certain mitigation efforts will not continue to be available going forward. for example, as our employees return from furlough, the cost reductions of the related furloughs will no longer be available.
even our operations that were not suspended or that have resumed continue to be adversely impacted by government mandated restrictions (such as density limitations and travel restrictions); measures we voluntarily implement; measures we are contractually obligated to implement; the distancing practices and health concerns of consumers, talent and production workers; and logistical limitations. upon reopening our parks and resorts business we have seen lower demand. geographic variation in government requirements and ongoing changes to restrictions have disrupted and could further disrupt our businesses, including our production operations. our operations could be suspended or re-suspended by government action or otherwise in the future. for example, after hong kong disneyland resort reopened in june 2020, it closed again in july 2020 and disneyland paris opened july 2020 and closed again in october 2020. some of our businesses have not yet been permitted to open, such as disneyland resort and our cruise business. some of our employees who returned to work have been refurloughed. our operations could be negatively impacted by a significant covid-19 outbreak impacting our employees, customers or others interacting with our businesses, including our supply chain.
in fiscal year 2020, we operated at a net loss. we have impaired goodwill and intangible assets at our international channels businesses and written down the value of certain of our retail store assets. certain of our other assets could also become impaired, including further impairments of goodwill and intangible assets; we have increased, and may further increase, allowances for credit losses; and there may be changes in judgments in determining the fair-value of assets; and estimates related to variable consideration may change due to increased returns, reduced usage of our products or services and decreased royalties. our leverage ratios have increased and may remain elevated in the near-term as a result of covid-19's impact on our financial performance, causing certain of the credit rating agencies to downgrade our ratings. our debt ratings may be further downgraded as a result of the covid-19 impact, which may negatively impact our cost of borrowing. due to reduced operating cash flow, we may utilize cash balances and/or future financings to fund a portion of our operations and investments in our businesses. financial risks may be exacerbated by the timing of customer deposit refunds; liquidity issues among our key customers, particularly advertisers, television affiliates, theatrical exhibitors and distributors and licensees, which have impacted timely payments by such customers to the company; loss or delay of receivables as a result of contractual performance short falls; and our contractual payment obligations. the company has $13.1 billion in trade accounts receivable table of contents outstanding at october 3, 2020, with an allowance for credit losses of $0.5 billion. our estimates and judgments with respect to the collectability of our receivables are subject to greater uncertainty due to the impacts of covid-19. economic or political conditions in a country outside the u.s. as a result of covid-19 could also reduce our ability to hedge exposure to currency fluctuations in the country or our ability to repatriate revenue from the country.
the impacts of covid-19 to our business have generally amplified, or reduced our ability to mitigate, the other risks discussed herein. our remediation efforts may not be successful.
covid-19 also makes it more challenging for management to estimate future performance of our businesses. covid-19 has already adversely impacted our businesses and net cash flow, and we expect the ultimate magnitude of these disruptions on our financial and operational results will be dictated by the length of time that such disruptions continue which will, in turn, depend on the currently unknowable duration and severity of the impacts of covid-19, and among other things, the impact and duration of governmental actions imposed in response to covid-19 and individuals' and companies' risk tolerance regarding health matters going forward. if actual performance in our international markets significantly underperforms management's forecasts, the company could have foreign currency hedge gains/losses which are not offset by the realization of exposures, resulting in excess hedge gains or losses. while we cannot be certain as to the duration of the impacts of covid-19, we expect impacts of covid-19 to affect our financial results at least through fiscal 2021.
changes in u.s., global, and regional economic conditions are expected to have an adverse effect on the profitability of our businesses.
a decline in economic activity in the u.s. and other regions of the world in which we do business can adversely affect demand for any of our businesses, thus reducing our revenue and earnings. global economic activity has declined as a result of covid-19. past declines in economic conditions reduced spending at our parks and resorts, purchases of and prices for advertising on our broadcast and cable networks and owned stations, performance of our home entertainment releases, and purchases of company-branded consumer products, and similar impacts can be expected should such conditions recur. the current decline in economic conditions could also reduce attendance at our parks and resorts, prices that mvpds pay for our cable programming or subscription levels for our cable programming or direct-to-consumer products. economic conditions can also impair the ability of those with whom we do business to satisfy their obligations to us. in addition, an increase in price levels generally, or in price levels in a particular sector such as the energy sector, could result in a shift in consumer demand away from the entertainment and consumer products we offer, which could also adversely affect our revenues and, at the same time, increase our costs. a decline in economic conditions could impact implementation of our expansion plans. changes in exchange rates for foreign currencies may reduce international demand for our products or increase our labor or supply costs in non-u.s. markets, or reduce the u.s. dollar value of revenue we receive and expect to receive from other markets. economic or political conditions in a country could also reduce our ability to hedge exposure to currency fluctuations in the country or our ability to repatriate revenue from the country.
changes in technology and in consumer consumption patterns may affect demand for our entertainment products, the revenue we can generate from these products or the cost of producing or distributing products.
the media entertainment and internet businesses in which we participate increasingly depend on our ability to successfully adapt to shifting patterns of content consumption through the adoption and exploitation of new technologies. new technologies affect the demand for our products, the manner in which our products are distributed to consumers, ways we charge for and receive revenue for our entertainment products and the stability of those revenue streams, the sources and nature of competing content offerings, the time and manner in which consumers acquire and view some of our entertainment products and the options available to advertisers for reaching their desired audiences. this trend has impacted the business model for certain traditional forms of distribution, as evidenced by the industry-wide decline in ratings for broadcast television, the reduction in demand for home entertainment sales of theatrical content, the development of alternative distribution channels for broadcast and cable programming and declines in subscriber levels for traditional cable channels, including for a number of our networks. covid-19 has accelerated this trend. in order to respond to these developments, we regularly consider, and from time to time implement changes to our business models, most recently by developing, investing in and acquiring dtc products and reorganizing our media and entertainment businesses to accelerate our dtc strategies. there can be no assurance that our dtc offerings and other efforts will successfully respond to these changes. we expect to forgo revenue from traditional sources, particularly as we expand our dtc offerings. there can be no assurance that the dtc model and other business models we may develop will ultimately be as profitable as our existing or historic business models.
misalignment with public and consumer tastes and preferences for entertainment and consumer products could negatively impact demand for our entertainment offerings and products and adversely affect the profitability of any of our businesses.
our businesses create entertainment, travel and consumer products whose success depends substantially on consumer tastes and preferences that change in often unpredictable ways. the success of our businesses depends on our ability to consistently create filmed entertainment and television programming, which may be distributed among other ways through table of contents broadcast, cable, internet or cellular technology, theme park attractions, hotels and other resort facilities and travel experiences and consumer products that meet the changing preferences of the broad consumer market and respond to competition from an expanding array of choices facilitated by technological developments in the delivery of content. the success of our theme parks, resorts, cruise ships and experiences, as well as our theatrical releases, depends on demand for public or out-of-home entertainment experiences. covid-19 may impact consumer tastes and preferences. many of our businesses increasingly depend on acceptance of our offerings and products by consumers outside the u.s., and their success therefore depends on our ability to successfully predict and adapt to changing consumer tastes and preferences outside as well as inside the u.s. moreover, we must often invest substantial amounts in film production, television programming, other content production and acquisition, acquisition of sports rights, theme park attractions, cruise ships or hotels and other resort facilities before we know the extent to which these products will earn consumer acceptance. the impacts of covid-19 are inhibiting and delaying our ability to earn returns on these and other investments. if our entertainment offerings and products, including our content offerings, modified as a result of covid-19, do not achieve sufficient consumer acceptance, our revenue from advertising sales (which are based in part on ratings for the programs in which advertisements air), affiliate fees, subscription fees, theatrical film receipts, the license of rights to other distributors, theme park admissions, hotel room charges and merchandise, food and beverage sales, sales of licensed consumer products or from sales of our other consumer products and services, may decline, decline further or fail to grow to the extent we anticipate when making investment decisions and thereby further adversely affect the profitability of one or more of our businesses.
the success of our businesses is highly dependent on the existence and maintenance of intellectual property rights in the entertainment products and services we create.
the value to us of our intellectual property rights is dependent on the scope and duration of our rights as defined by applicable laws in the u.s. and abroad and the manner in which those laws are construed. if those laws are drafted or interpreted in ways that limit the extent or duration of our rights, or if existing laws are changed, our ability to generate revenue from our intellectual property may decrease, or the cost of obtaining and maintaining rights may increase.
the unauthorized use of our intellectual property may increase the cost of protecting rights in our intellectual property or reduce our revenues. the convergence of computing, communication and entertainment devices, increased broadband internet speed and penetration, increased availability and speed of mobile data transmission and increasingly sophisticated attempts to obtain unauthorized access to data systems have made the unauthorized digital copying and distribution of our films, television productions and other creative works easier and faster and protection and enforcement of intellectual property rights more challenging. the unauthorized distribution and access to entertainment content generally continues to be a significant challenge for intellectual property rights holders. inadequate laws or weak enforcement mechanisms to protect entertainment industry intellectual property in one country can adversely affect the results of the company's operations worldwide, despite the company's efforts to protect its intellectual property rights. covid-19 may increase incentives and opportunities to access content in unauthorized ways, as negative economic conditions coupled with a shift in government priorities could lead to less enforcement. these developments require us to devote substantial resources to protecting our intellectual property against unlicensed use and present the risk of increased losses of revenue as a result of unlicensed distribution of our content.
with respect to intellectual property developed by the company and rights acquired by the company from others, the company is subject to the risk of challenges to our copyright, trademark and patent rights by third parties. successful challenges to our rights in intellectual property may result in increased costs for obtaining rights or the loss of the opportunity to earn revenue from the intellectual property that is the subject of challenged rights.
protection of electronically stored data is costly, and if our data is compromised in spite of this protection, we may incur additional costs, lost opportunities and damage to our reputation.
we maintain information necessary to conduct our business, including confidential and proprietary information as well as personal information regarding our customers and employees, in digital form. data maintained in digital form is subject to the risk of unauthorized access, modification and exfiltration. we develop and maintain information security systems in an effort to prevent this, but the development and maintenance of these systems is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated. accordingly, despite our efforts, unauthorized access, modification and exfiltration of data cannot be eliminated entirely, and the risks associated with a potentially material incident remain. in addition, we provide confidential, proprietary and personal information to third parties when it is necessary to pursue business objectives. while we obtain assurances that these third parties will protect this information and, where we believe appropriate, monitor the protections employed by these third parties, there is a risk the confidentiality of data held by third parties may be compromised. if our information security systems or data are compromised in a material way, our ability to conduct our business may be impaired, we may lose profitable opportunities or the value of those opportunities may be diminished and, as described above, we may lose revenue as a result of unlicensed use of our intellectual property. if personal information of our customers or employees is misappropriated, our reputation with our customers and employees may be damaged resulting in loss of business or morale, and we may incur costs to remediate table of contents possible harm to our customers and employees and/or to pay fines or take other action with respect to judicial or regulatory actions arising out of the incident.
a variety of uncontrollable events may reduce demand for or consumption of our products and services, impair our ability to provide our products and services or increase the cost or reduce the profitability of providing our products and services.
demand for and consumption of our products and services, particularly our theme parks and resorts, is highly dependent on the general environment for travel and tourism. the environment for travel and tourism, as well as demand for and consumption of other entertainment products, can be significantly adversely affected in the u.s., globally or in specific regions as a result of a variety of factors beyond our control, including: adverse weather conditions arising from short-term weather patterns or long-term change, catastrophic events or natural disasters (such as excessive heat or rain, hurricanes, typhoons, floods, tsunamis and earthquakes); health concerns (including as it has been by covid-19); international, political or military developments; and terrorist attacks. these events and others, such as fluctuations in travel and energy costs and computer virus attacks, intrusions or other widespread computing or telecommunications failures, may also damage our ability to provide our products and services or to obtain insurance coverage with respect to some of these events. an incident that affected our property directly would have a direct impact on our ability to provide goods and services and could have an extended effect of discouraging consumers from attending our facilities. moreover, the costs of protecting against such incidents, including the costs of protecting against the spread of covid-19, reduces the profitability of our operations.
for example, covid-19 and measures to prevent the spread of covid-19 are currently impairing our ability to provide our products and services and reducing consumption of those products and services. further, prior to covid-19, events in hong kong impacted profitability of our hong kong operations and may continue to do so, and past hurricanes have impacted the profitability of walt disney world resort in florida and future hurricanes may also do so.
the negative economic consequences of covid-19 may be particularly challenging in markets where individuals and local businesses have limited access to government supported "safety nets", which could lead to political instability and unrest, and further depress demand for our products and services over a longer timeframe.
in addition, we derive affiliate fees and royalties from the distribution of our programming, sales of our licensed goods and services by third parties, and the management of businesses operated under brands licensed from the company, and we are therefore dependent on the successes of those third parties for that portion of our revenue. a wide variety of factors could influence the success of those third parties and if negative factors significantly impacted a sufficient number of those third parties, the profitability of one or more of our businesses could be adversely affected. impacts of covid-19 on third parties' liquidity have impacted timely payments by such third parties to the company.
we obtain insurance against the risk of losses relating to some of these events, generally including physical damage to our property and resulting business interruption, certain injuries occurring on our property and some liabilities for alleged breach of legal responsibilities. when insurance is obtained it is subject to deductibles, exclusions, terms, conditions and limits of liability. the types and levels of coverage we obtain vary from time to time depending on our view of the likelihood of specific types and levels of loss in relation to the cost of obtaining coverage for such types and levels of loss and we may experience material losses not covered by our insurance. for example, we expect some losses related to impacts of covid-19 will not be covered by insurance available to us and insurers may contest coverage.
changes in our business strategy or restructuring of our businesses may increase our costs or otherwise affect the profitability of our businesses or the value of our assets.
as changes in our business environment occur we have adjusted, and may further adjust our business strategies to meet these changes and we may otherwise decide to further restructure our operations or particular businesses or assets. for example, in october 2020 we announced a reorganization of our media and entertainment businesses to accelerate our direct-to-consumer strategies. our new organization and strategies may not produce the anticipated benefits, such as supporting our growth strategies and enhancing shareholder value. our new organization and strategies could be less successful than our previous organizational structure and strategies. in addition, external events including changing technology, changing consumer patterns, acceptance of our theatrical offerings and changes in macroeconomic conditions may impair the value of our assets. when these changes or events occur, we may incur costs to change our business strategy and may need to write-down the value of assets. for example, current conditions, including covid-19 and our business decisions, have reduced the value of some of our assets. we have impaired goodwill and intangible assets at our international channels businesses and written down the value of certain of our retail store assets. we may write-down other assets as our strategy evolves to account for the current business environment. we also make investments in existing or new businesses, including investments in international expansion of our business and in new business lines. in recent years, such investments have included expansion and renovation of certain of our theme parks, expansion of our fleet of cruise ships, the acquisition of tfcf and investments related to direct-to-consumer offerings. some of these investments may have returns that are negative or low, the ultimate business prospects of the businesses related to these investments may be uncertain, these investments may impact the profitability of our other table of contents businesses, and these risks are exacerbated by covid-19. in any of these events, our costs may increase, we may have significant charges associated with the write-down of assets or returns on new investments may be lower than prior to the change in strategy or restructuring.
increased competitive pressures may reduce our revenues or increase our costs.
we face substantial competition in each of our businesses from alternative providers of the products and services we offer and from other forms of entertainment, lodging, tourism and recreational activities. this includes, among other types, competition for human resources, programming and other resources we require in operating our business. for example:
•our studio operations and media businesses compete to obtain creative, performing and business talent, sports and other programming, story properties, advertiser support and market share with other studio operations, broadcast and cable networks, svod providers and other new sources of broadband delivered content.
•our broadcast and cable networks and stations and direct-to-consumer offerings compete for the sale of advertising time with other broadcast, cable and satellite services, as well as with newspapers, magazines, billboards and radio stations. in addition, we increasingly face competition for advertising sales from internet and mobile delivered content, which offer advertising delivery technologies that are more targeted than can be achieved through traditional means.
•our cable networks compete for carriage of their programming with other programming providers.
•our theme parks and resorts compete for guests with all other forms of entertainment, lodging, tourism and recreation activities.
•our studio operations compete for customers with all other forms of entertainment.
•our consumer products business competes with other licensors and creators of intellectual property.
•our direct-to-consumer businesses compete for customers with competitors' direct-to-consumer offerings, all other forms of media and all other forms of entertainment, as well as for technology, creative, performing and business talent and for content. competition in each of these areas may increase as a result of technological developments and changes in market structure, including consolidation of suppliers of resources and distribution channels. increased competition may divert consumers from our creative or other products, or to other products or other forms of entertainment, which could reduce our revenue or increase our marketing costs.
competition for the acquisition of resources can increase the cost of producing our products and services or deprive us of talent necessary to produce high quality creative material. such competition may also reduce, or limit growth in, prices for our products and services, including advertising rates and subscription fees at our media networks, parks and resorts admissions and room rates, and prices for consumer products from which we derive license revenues.
we enter into long-term contracts for both the acquisition and the distribution of media programming and products, including contracts for the acquisition of programming rights for sporting events and other programs, and contracts for the distribution of our programming to content distributors. as these contracts expire, we must renew or renegotiate the contracts, and if we are unable to renew them on acceptable terms, we may lose programming rights or distribution rights. even if these contracts are renewed, the cost of obtaining programming rights may increase (or increase at faster rates than our historical experience) or programming distributors, facing pressures resulting from increased subscription fees and alternative distribution challenges, may demand terms (including pricing and the breadth of distribution) that reduce our revenue from distribution of programs (or increase revenue at slower rates than our historical experience). moreover, our ability to renew these contracts on favorable terms may be affected by consolidation in the market for program distribution, the entrance of new participants in the market for distribution of content on digital platforms and the impacts of covid-19. with respect to the acquisition of programming rights, particularly sports programming rights, the impact of these long-term contracts on our results over the term of the contracts depends on a number of factors, including the strength of advertising markets, subscription levels and rates for programming, effectiveness of marketing efforts and the size of viewer audiences. there can be no assurance that revenues from programming based on these rights will exceed the cost of the rights plus the other costs of producing and distributing the programming.
changes in regulations applicable to our businesses may impair the profitability of our businesses.
our broadcast networks and television stations are highly regulated, and each of our other businesses is subject to a variety of u.s. and overseas regulations. these regulations include:
•u.s. fcc regulation of our television and radio networks, our national programming networks and our owned television stations. see item 1 - business - media networks, federal regulation.
•federal, state and foreign privacy and data protection laws and regulations.
•regulation of the safety and supply chain of consumer products and theme park operations, including potential regulation regarding the sourcing, importation and sale of goods.
•environmental protection regulations.
•imposition by foreign countries of trade restrictions, restrictions on the manner in which content is currently licensed and distributed, ownership restrictions, currency exchange controls or film or television content requirements, investment obligations or quotas.
•domestic and international labor laws, tax laws or currency controls changes in any of these regulations or regulatory activities in any of these areas may require us to spend additional amounts to comply with the regulations, or may restrict our ability to offer products and services in ways that are profitable. for example, in january 2019 india implemented regulation and tariffs impacting certain bundling of channels and in november 2020 potential u.s. legislation is pending prohibiting importation of goods from certain regions.
public health and other regional, national, state and local regulations and policies are impacting our ability to operate our businesses at all or in accordance with historic practice. in addition to the government requirements that have closed or impacted most of our businesses as a result of covid-19, government requirements may continue to be extended and new government requirements may be imposed.
our operations in non-u.s. jurisdictions are in many cases subject to the laws of the jurisdictions in which they operate rather than u.s. law. laws in some jurisdictions differ in significant respects from those in the u.s. these differences can affect our ability to react to changes in our business, and our rights or ability to enforce rights may be different than would be expected under u.s. law. moreover, enforcement of laws in some overseas jurisdictions can be inconsistent and unpredictable, which can affect both our ability to enforce our rights and to undertake activities that we believe are beneficial to our business. in addition, the business and political climate in some jurisdictions may encourage corruption, which could reduce our ability to compete successfully in those jurisdictions while remaining in compliance with local laws or u.s. anti-corruption laws applicable to our businesses. as a result, our ability to generate revenue and our expenses in non-u.s. jurisdictions may differ from what would be expected if u.s. law governed these operations.
damage to our reputation or brands may negatively impact our business across segments and regions.
our reputation and globally recognizable brands are integral to the success of our businesses. because our brands engage consumers across our businesses, damage to our reputation or brands in one business may have an impact on our other businesses. because some of our brands are globally recognized, brand damage may not be locally contained. maintenance of the reputation of our company and brands depends on many factors including the quality of our offerings, maintenance of trust with our customers and our ability to successfully innovate. significant negative claims or publicity regarding the company or its operations, products, management, employees, practices, business partners, business decisions, social responsibility and culture may damage our brands or reputation, even if such claims are untrue. damage to our reputation or brands could impact our sales, business opportunities, profitability, recruiting and valuation of our securities.
risks that impact our business as a whole may also impact the success of our direct-to-consumer (dtc) business.
we may not successfully execute on our dtc strategy. consumers may not be willing to pay for an expanding set of dtc services, potentially exacerbated by an economic downturn. we face competition for creative talent and may not be successful in recruiting and retaining talent. government regulation, including revised foreign content and ownership regulations, may impact the implementation of our dtc business plans. poor quality broadband infrastructure in certain markets may impact our customers' access to our dtc products and may diminish our customers' experience with our dtc products. these and other risks may impact the profitability and success of our dtc businesses.
volatility in the financial markets and our debt ratings have impacted our cost of borrowing and could impede access to, or increase the cost of, financing our operations and investments.
u.s. and global markets have experienced significant volatility. past disruptions in the u.s. and global credit and equity markets made it more difficult for many businesses to obtain financing on acceptable terms. these conditions tended to increase the cost of borrowing and if they recur, our cost of borrowing could increase and it may be more difficult to obtain financing for our operations or investments. in addition, our borrowing costs can be affected by short- and long-term debt ratings assigned by independent rating agencies that are based, in part, on the company's performance as measured by credit metrics such as leverage and interest coverage ratios.
since april 2020, standard and poor's has downgraded our long-term debt ratings by two notches to bbb+, downgraded our short-term debt ratings by one notch to a-2 and placed our long-term debt ratings on negative outlook. in may 2020, fitch downgraded our long- and short-term credit ratings by one notch to a- and f2, respectively, and placed our long-term ratings table of contents on negative outlook. on november 18, 2020, standard and poor's lowered the company's long-term rating to bbb+ and placed the company's long-term ratings on negative outlook. these ratings actions have increased, and any potential future downgrades could further increase, our cost of borrowing and/or make it more difficult for us to obtain financing. past disruptions in the global financial markets also impacted some of the financial institutions with which we do business. a similar decline in the financial stability of financial institutions could affect our ability to secure credit-worthy counterparties for our interest rate and foreign currency hedging programs, could affect our ability to settle existing contracts and could also affect the ability of our business customers to obtain financing and thereby to satisfy their obligations to us.
labor disputes may disrupt our operations and adversely affect the profitability of any of our businesses.
a significant number of employees in various parts of our businesses are covered by collective bargaining agreements, including employees of our theme parks and resorts as well as writers, directors, actors, production personnel and others employed in our media networks and studio operations. in addition, the employees of licensees who manufacture and retailers who sell our consumer products, and employees of providers of programming content (such as sports leagues) may be covered by labor agreements with their employers. in general, a labor dispute involving our employees or the employees of our licensees or retailers who sell our consumer products or providers of programming content may disrupt our operations and reduce our revenues, and resolution of disputes may increase our costs.
the seasonality of certain of our businesses and timing of certain of our product offerings could exacerbate negative impacts on our operations.
each of our businesses is normally subject to seasonal variations and variations in connection with the timing of our product offerings, including as follows:
•revenues in our media networks segment are subject to seasonal advertising patterns, changes in viewership levels and timing of program sales. in general, advertising revenues are somewhat higher during the fall and somewhat lower during the summer months. affiliate fees are typically recognized ratably throughout the year.
•revenues in our parks, experiences and products segment fluctuate with changes in theme park attendance and resort occupancy resulting from the seasonal nature of vacation travel and leisure activities and seasonal consumer purchasing behavior, which generally results in increased revenues during the company's first and fourth fiscal quarters. peak attendance and resort occupancy generally occur during the summer months when school vacations occur and during early winter and spring holiday periods. our parks, resorts, stores and experiences are operating at diminished capacity or closed during these periods as a result of covid-19. in addition, licensing revenues fluctuate with the timing and performance of our theatrical releases and cable programming broadcasts, many of which have been delayed, canceled or modified.
•revenues in our studio entertainment segment fluctuate due to the timing and performance of releases in the theatrical, home entertainment and television markets. release dates are determined by several factors, including competition, the timing of vacation and holiday periods and closing of theaters and impacts on attendance due to covid-19.
•direct-to-consumer & international revenues fluctuate based on: changes in subscriber levels; the timing and performance of releases of our digital media content; viewership levels on our cable channels and digital platforms; and the demand for sports and our content. each of these may depend on the availability of content, which varies from time to time throughout the year based on, among other things, sports seasons, content production schedules and league shut downs.
accordingly, negative impacts on our business occurring during a time of typical high seasonal demand could have a disproportionate effect on the results of that business for the year. examples include the ongoing impact of covid-19 on various high seasons or hurricane damage to our parks during the summer travel season.
sustained increases in costs of pension and postretirement medical and other employee health and welfare benefits may reduce our profitability.
with approximately 203,000 employees, our profitability is substantially affected by costs of pension and current and postretirement medical benefits. we may experience significant increases in these costs as a result of macroeconomic factors, which are beyond our control, including increases in the cost of health care. impacts of covid-19 may lead to an increase in the cost of medical insurance and expenses. in addition, changes in investment returns and discount rates used to calculate pension and postretirement medical expense and related assets and liabilities can be volatile and may have an unfavorable impact on our costs in some years. our pension and postretirement medical plans were remeasured at the end of fiscal 2020, and as a result, the underfunded status and fiscal 2021 costs increased. these macroeconomic factors as well as a decline in the fair value of pension and postretirement medical plan assets may put upward pressure on the cost of providing pension and postretirement medical benefits and may increase future funding requirements. there can be no assurance that we will succeed in limiting cost increases, and continued upward pressure could reduce the profitability of our businesses.
table of contents the alteration or discontinuation of libor may adversely affect our borrowing costs.
certain of our interest rate derivatives and a portion of our indebtedness bear interest at variable interest rates, primarily based on libor, which may be subject to regulatory guidance and/or reform that could cause interest rates under our current or future debt agreements to perform differently than in the past or cause other unanticipated consequences. in july 2017, the chief executive of the u.k. financial conduct authority (the "fca"), which regulates libor, announced that the fca will no longer persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of libor after 2021. such announcement indicates that the continuation of libor on the current basis cannot and will not be guaranteed after 2021. the alternative reference rates committee (arcc), which was convened by the federal reserve board and the new your fed, has identified the secured oversight financing rate (sofr) as the recommended risk-free alternative rate for usd libor. at this time, it is not possible to predict the effect any discontinuance, modification or other reforms to libor, or the establishment of alternative reference rates such as sofr, or any other reference rate, will have on the company. however, if libor ceases to exist or if the methods of calculating libor change from their current form, the company's borrowing costs may be adversely affected.
tfcf acquisition risks our consolidated indebtedness increased substantially following completion of the tfcf acquisition and may increase in connection with impacts of the covid-19. this increased level of indebtedness could adversely affect us, including by decreasing our business flexibility.
our consolidated indebtedness and cash and cash equivalents as of september 29, 2018 were approximately $20.9 billion and $4.2 billion, respectively. with the completion of the tfcf acquisition, our consolidated indebtedness and cash and cash equivalents as of september 28, 2019 were approximately $47.0 billion and $5.4 billion, respectively. as of october 3, 2020 our consolidated indebtedness and cash and cash equivalents were approximately $58.6 billion and $17.9 billion, respectively. the increased indebtedness could have the effect of, among other things, reducing our financial flexibility and reducing our flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions, such as those presented by covid-19, among others. increased levels of indebtedness could also reduce funds available for capital expenditures, share repurchases and dividends, and other activities and may create competitive disadvantages for us relative to other companies with lower debt levels. since april 2020, standard and poor's has downgraded our long-term debt ratings by two notches to bbb+, downgraded our short-term debt ratings by one notch to a-2 and placed our long-term debt ratings on negative outlook. in may 2020, fitch downgraded our long- and short-term credit ratings by one notch to a- and f2, respectively, and placed our long-term ratings on negative outlook. our financial flexibility may be further constrained by the issuance of shares of common stock in the tfcf acquisition, to the extent we determine to make dividend payments in the future.
we could fail to realize all of the benefits anticipated in the tfcf acquisition.
if we are not able to realize the strategic value of the tfcf assets, the anticipated benefits of the tfcf acquisition may not be realized fully or may take longer than expected to be realized, and these risks could be exacerbated by the impact of covid-19. further, there could be loss of key employees, loss of customers, disruption of ongoing businesses or unexpected issues, higher than expected costs and an overall post-acquisition process that takes longer than originally anticipated. specifically, the following issues, among others, must be addressed in order to realize the anticipated benefits of the tfcf acquisition so the combined company performs as we hope:
•combining the businesses of the company and tfcf in a manner that permits us to achieve the synergies anticipated to result from the tfcf acquisition, the failure of which would result in the anticipated benefits of the tfcf acquisition not being realized in the time frame currently anticipated or at all;
•maintaining existing agreements with customers, distributors, providers, talent and vendors and avoiding delays in entering into new agreements with prospective customers, distributors, providers, talent and vendors; and
•developing products and technology that allow value to be unlocked in the future.
consummation of the tfcf acquisition has increased our exposure to the risks of operating internationally.
we are a diversified entertainment company that offers entertainment, travel and consumer products worldwide. although many of our businesses increasingly depend on acceptance of our offerings and products by consumers outside of the u.s., the combination with tfcf has increased the importance of international operations to our future operations, growth and prospects. our risks of operating internationally have increased following the completion of the tfcf acquisition and as a result of covid-19.
the tfcf acquisition and integration may result in additional costs and expenses.
we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs, expenses and fees for professional services and other transaction costs in connection with the tfcf acquisition and integration. we may also incur accounting and other costs that were not anticipated at the time of the tfcf acquisition, including costs for which we have established reserves or which may lead to reserves in the future. such costs could negatively impact the company's free cash flow.
table of contents general risks the company's amended and restated bylaws provide to the fullest extent permitted by law that the court of chancery of the state of delaware will be the exclusive forum for certain legal actions between the company and its stockholders, which could increase costs to bring a claim, discourage claims or limit the ability of the company's stockholders to bring a claim in a judicial forum viewed by the stockholders as more favorable for disputes with the company or the company's directors, officers or other employees.
the company's amended and restated bylaws provide to the fullest extent permitted by law that unless the company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the court of chancery of the state of delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for any (i) derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the company, (ii) any action or proceeding asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer or stockholder of the company to the company or the company's stockholders, (iii) any action or proceeding asserting a claim arising pursuant to, or seeking to enforce any right, obligation or remedy under, any provision of the general corporation law of the state of delaware (the "dgcl"), the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws (as each may be amended from time to time), (iv) any action or proceeding as to which the general corporation law of the state of delaware confers jurisdiction on the court of chancery of the state of delaware, (v) or any action or proceeding asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. the choice of forum provision may increase costs to bring a claim, discourage claims or limit a stockholder's ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with the company or the company's directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against the company or the company's directors, officers and other employees. alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in the company's amended and restated bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, the company may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions. the exclusive forum provision in the company's amended and restated bylaws will not preclude or contract the scope of exclusive federal or concurrent jurisdiction for actions brought under the federal securities laws including the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended, or the securities act of 1933, as amended, or the respective rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations consolidated results
(in millions, except per share data)
2020                                                                                                                                                                                        2019   % change better
costs and expenses:
total costs and expenses                                                                                                                      (61,594)                              (57,777)       (7) %
restructuring and impairment charges                                                                                                           (5,735)                               (1,183)       &gt;(100) %
equity in the income (loss) of investees, net                                                                                                      651                                 (103)       nm income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes                                                                                   (1,743)                                13,923       nm income taxes from continuing operations                                                                                                          (699)                               (3,026)       77 %
net income (loss) from continuing operations                                                                                                   (2,442)                                10,897       nm income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of income tax benefit (expense) of $10 and ($39), respectively                                    (32)                                   687       nm net income (loss)                                                                                                                              (2,474)                                11,584       nm less: net income from continuing operations attributable to noncontrolling and redeemable noncontrolling interests                               (390)                                 (472)       17 %
less: net income from discontinued operations attributable to noncontrolling interests                                                               -                                  (58)       100 %
table of contents organization of information management's discussion and analysis provides a narrative on the company's financial performance and condition that should be read in conjunction with the accompanying financial statements. it includes the following sections:
•significant developments
•consolidated results and non-segment items
•business segment results
•restructuring activities
•liquidity and capital resources
•supplemental guarantor financial information
•contractual obligations, commitments and off balance sheet arrangements
•critical accounting policies and estimates
•forward-looking statements in item 7, we discuss fiscal 2020 and 2019 results and comparisons of fiscal 2020 results to fiscal 2019 results. discussions of fiscal 2018 results and comparisons of fiscal 2019 results to fiscal 2018 results can be found in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in part ii, item 7 of the company's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended september 28, 2019.
significant developments strategic reorganization in october 2020, the company announced a strategic reorganization of our media and entertainment businesses to accelerate the growth of our dtc strategy. the operations of the media networks, studio entertainment and dtci segments were reorganized into four groups: three content groups (studios, general entertainment and sports), which are focused on developing and producing content that will be used across all of our traditional and dtc platforms and a distribution group, which is focused on distribution and commercialization activities across these platforms and which has full accountability for media and entertainment operating results globally.
covid-19 pandemic during fiscal 2020 and continuing into fiscal 2021, the world has been, and continues to be, impacted by covid-19. covid-19 and measures to prevent its spread impacted our segments in a number of ways, most significantly at parks, experiences and products where our theme parks were closed or operating at significantly reduced capacity for a significant portion of the year, cruise ship sailings and guided tours were suspended since late in the second quarter and retail stores were closed for a significant portion of the year. we also had an adverse impact on our merchandise licensing business. our studio entertainment segment has delayed, or in some cases, shortened or cancelled, theatrical releases, and stage play performances have been suspended since late in the second quarter. we also had adverse impacts on advertising sales at media networks and direct-to-consumer & international. since march 2020, we have experienced significant disruptions in the production and availability of content, including the shift of key live sports programming from our third quarter to the fourth quarter and into fiscal 2021, as well as the suspension of production of most film and television content since late in the second quarter, although some film and television production resumed in the fourth quarter.
we have taken a number of mitigation efforts in response to the impacts of covid-19 on our businesses. we have significantly increased cash balances through the issuance of senior notes in march and may 2020, and we entered into an additional $5.0 billion credit facility in april 2020. the company (or our board of directors, as applicable) did not declare a dividend with respect to fiscal 2020 operations; suspended certain capital projects; reduced certain discretionary expenditures (such as spending on marketing); reduced management compensation for several months and temporarily eliminated board of director retainers and committee fees. in addition, we furloughed over 120,000 of our employees (who continued to receive company provided medical benefits), many of which have returned from furlough as certain business operations have reopened. at the end of september, the company announced a workforce reduction plan that would primarily impact parks, experiences and products. overall, approximately 32,000 employees will be terminated in the first half of fiscal 2021. we may take additional mitigation actions in the future such as raising additional financing; not declaring future dividends; reducing, or not making, certain payments, such as some contributions to our pension and postretirement medical plans; further suspending capital spending, reducing film and television content investments; or implementing additional furloughs or reductions in force. some of these measures may have an adverse impact on our businesses.
table of contents the most significant impact of covid-19 on fiscal 2020 operating results was an estimated detriment of approximately $6.9 billion on operating income at our parks, experiences and products segment due to revenue lost as a result of the closures or reduced operating capacities. the impacts at the media networks, direct-to-consumer & international and studio entertainment segments were less significant. media networks had a modest benefit reflecting the deferral of sports programming costs to fiscal 2021, when we expect rescheduled events to occur, partially offset by lower advertising revenue. at direct-to-consumer & international, lower advertising revenue was partially offset by lower costs including the deferral of sports programming costs into fiscal 2021. at studio entertainment, lower revenues due to the deferral or cancellation of significant film releases as a result of theater closures were partially offset by lower amortization, marketing and distribution costs. in total, we estimate the net adverse impact of covid-19 on our full year segment operating income across all of our businesses was approximately $7.4 billion, inclusive of the impact at parks, experiences and products. the estimated impact is net of approximately $500 million in government credits, from the coronavirus aid, relief, and economic security act ("cares act") in the u.s. and a similar program in france, both primarily at our parks, experiences and products segment. the impact in fiscal 2020 is not necessarily indicative of the impact on future period results, including the impact of sports programming cost deferrals.
the impact of these disruptions and the extent of their adverse impact on our financial and operational results will be dictated by the length of time that such disruptions continue, which will, in turn, depend on the currently unknowable duration and severity of the impacts of covid-19, and among other things, the impact and duration of governmental actions imposed in response to covid-19 and individuals' and companies' risk tolerance regarding health matters going forward. while we cannot be certain as to the duration of the impacts of covid-19, we currently expect covid-19 to adversely impact our financial results at least through fiscal 2021.
some of our businesses have reopened with limited operations. we have incurred and will continue to incur additional costs to address government regulations and the safety of our employees, talent and guests. for example, as we reopened theme parks and retail stores, we incurred and will continue to incur costs for such things as additional custodial services, personal protection equipment, temperature screenings and testing, sanitizer and cleaning supplies and signage, among other items. as we resume production of film and television content, including live sporting events, we anticipate incurring similar costs and productions may take longer to complete. the timing, duration and extent of these costs will depend on the timing and scope of the resumption of our operations. we currently estimate these costs may total approximately $1 billion in fiscal 2021. some of these costs may be capitalized and amortized over future periods. with the unknown duration of covid-19 and yet to be determined timing of the phased reopening of certain businesses, it is not possible to precisely estimate the impact of covid-19 on our operations in future quarters. as we reopen our businesses, we will no longer benefit from certain savings related to the closure of those businesses, such as related furloughs. the reopening or closure of our businesses is dependent on applicable government requirements, which vary by location, are subject to ongoing changes, which could result from increasing covid-19 cases.
additionally, see part i., item 1a. risk factors - the adverse impact of covid-19 on our businesses will continue for an unknown length of time and may continue to impact certain of our key sources of revenue.
direct-to-consumer in november 2019, the company launched disney+, a subscription based dtc streaming service with disney, pixar, marvel, star wars and national geographic branded programming in the u.s. and four other countries and has expanded to select western european countries in the spring of 2020. in april 2020, our hotstar service in india was converted to disney+hotstar, and in june 2020, current subscribers of the disney deluxe service in japan were converted to disney+. in september 2020, disney+ was launched in additional european countries and disney+ hotstar was launched in indonesia. in november 2020, disney+ was launched in latin america. additional launches are planned for various asia-pacific territories in calendar year 2021.
as we will use our branded film and television content on our dtc offerings, we are forgoing certain licensing revenue from the sale of this content to third parties in tv/svod markets. we also expect to forgo revenue as we shut down channels in certain markets as a result of investment in our dtc offerings. in addition, we are increasing programming and production investments to create exclusive content for our dtc offerings.
consolidated results and non-segment items fiscal 2019 includes the consolidated results of tfcf and hulu for the period march 20, 2019 through september 28, 2019, whereas the fiscal 2020 results include the consolidated results of tfcf and hulu for the full year. we refer to the impact of the approximately six month non-comparable period as "the consolidation of tfcf and hulu".
table of contents the company's fiscal year end is on the saturday closest to september 30 and consists of fifty-two weeks with the exception that approximately every six years, we have a fifty-three week year. fiscal 2020 is a fifty-three week year, which began on september 29, 2019 and ended on october 3, 2020. we estimate that the additional week of operations in fiscal 2020 resulted in a benefit to pre-tax income of approximately $200 million, primarily at the media networks segment.
revenues for fiscal 2020 decreased 6%, or $4.2 billion, to $65.4 billion; net income attributable to disney decreased $13.9 billion, to a loss of $2.9 billion; and diluted earnings per share from continuing operations attributable to disney decreased to a loss of $1.57 compared to income of $6.26 in the prior year. the eps decrease for the year was due to lower segment operating income, goodwill and intangible asset impairments at our international channels business, the comparison to a prior-year non-cash gain in connection with the acquisition of hulu (hulu gain), higher amortization of intangible assets and fair value step-up on film and television costs from the tfcf acquisition and the consolidation of hulu and higher interest expense. these decreases were partially offset by an investment gain in the current year and the comparison to investment impairments and a charge for the extinguishment of debt recorded in the prior year. the decrease in segment operating income was due to lower results at parks, experiences and products and higher losses at direct-to-consumer & international, partially offset by an increase at our media networks segment. segment operating results for the current period include a $0.5 billion net benefit from the consolidation of tfcf and hulu.
revenues service revenues for fiscal 2020 decreased 2%, or $1.3 billion, to $59.3 billion, driven by lower volumes at our theme parks, resorts and cruise line, a decrease in theatrical distribution and stage play revenues, lower advertising revenue and a decrease in sales of our television and film programs to third parties. these decreases were partially offset by the consolidation of tfcf and hulu and an increase in subscription revenue from disney+/disney+hotstar and hulu. theme park, resort, cruise line, theatrical distribution, stage play and advertising revenue were adversely impacted by covid-19.
product revenues for fiscal 2020 decreased 32%, or $2.9 billion, to $6.1 billion, due to lower volumes at our theme parks and resorts, which were impacted by being closed or operating at reduced capacity for a significant part of the year as a result of covid-19.
costs and expenses cost of services for fiscal 2020 increased 8%, or $2.9 billion, to $39.4 billion, due to the consolidation of tfcf and hulu and an increase in programming and production costs, partially offset by lower theatrical and tv/svod production cost amortization and distribution costs and decreased volumes at our theme parks, resorts and cruise line. the increase in programming and production costs reflected costs for disney+ programming, partially offset by a decrease due to a shift in timing of major sporting events to fiscal 2021.
cost of products for fiscal 2020 decreased 20%, or $1.1 billion, to $4.5 billion, due to lower volumes at our theme parks and resorts.
selling, general, administrative and other costs for fiscal 2020 increased 7%, or $0.8 billion, to $12.4 billion, due to the consolidation of tfcf and hulu, partially offset by lower marketing costs. the decrease in marketing costs reflected lower spending at the theatrical distribution and theme parks and resorts businesses, partially offset by increased spend for disney+.
depreciation and amortization costs increased 28%, or $1.2 billion, to $5.3 billion due to the amortization of intangible assets arising from the acquisition of tfcf and consolidation of hulu and, to a lesser extent, higher depreciation for new attractions at our domestic parks and resorts.
restructuring and impairment charges restructuring and impairment charges of $5.7 billion for fiscal 2020 were due to $4,953 million of impairment charges for goodwill and intangible assets at our international channels business and $782 million of restructuring costs. restructuring costs were primarily for severance costs and contract termination charges in connection with the acquisition and integration of tfcf and severance in connection with the reduction-in-force at our parks, experiences and products segment.
restructuring and impairment charges of $1.2 billion in fiscal 2019 were primarily for severance and equity-based compensation costs in connection with the acquisition and integration of tfcf.
(in millions)                                                                                                             2020                    2019   % change better (worse)
draftkings gain                                                                                                        $973                      $-      nm gain on sale of an investment                                                                                            65                       -      nm hulu gain                                                                                                                 -                   4,794      nm insurance recoveries related to legal matters                                                                             -                      46      nm gain recognized in connection with the acquisition of tfcf                                                                -                      28      nm charge for the extinguishment of a portion of the debt originally assumed in the tfcf acquisition                         -                   (511)      nm other income, net                                                                                                    $1,038                  $4,357      (76) %
in fiscal 2020, the company recognized a non-cash gain of $973 million to adjust its investment in draftkings, inc. to fair value (draftkings gain). in addition, the company recognized a gain of $65 million on the sale of an investment.
in fiscal 2019, the company recognized the $4,794 million hulu gain, recorded insurance recoveries of $46 million in connection with the settlement of legal matters, and recorded a gain of $28 million on the deemed settlement of preexisting relationships with tfcf pursuant to acquisition accounting guidance. in addition, the company recorded a charge of $511 million for the extinguishment of a portion of the debt originally assumed in the tfcf acquisition.
(in millions)                                                         2020                      2019                      % change better (worse)
interest income, investment income and other                        156                       268            (42) %
the decrease in interest income, investment income and other was due to a lower benefit from pension and postretirement benefit costs, other than service cost and higher net investment impairments, partially offset by higher imputed interest income on long-term receivables for film and television program sales driven by the consolidation of tfcf.
equity in the income (loss) of investees equity in the income (loss) of investees reflected income of $651 million in the current year compared to a loss of $103 million in the prior year. the change reflected the comparison to impairments in the prior year on our investment in vice group holding inc. and on an investment in a cable channel at a+e television networks and lower equity losses from hulu as a result of our consolidation of hulu following the tfcf acquisition.
2020                                                                                  2019   change better (worse)
effective income tax rate - continuing operations             (40.1)%                21.7%   (61.8)         ppt the change in effective income tax rate is due to the fiscal 2020 impairment of international channels goodwill, which is not tax deductible, and foreign losses in fiscal 2020 for which we are unable to recognize a tax benefit.
noncontrolling interests
(in millions)                                                                          2020                    2019                    % change better (worse)
net income from continuing operations attributable to noncontrolling interests                  $(390)                  $(472)         17%
the decrease in net income from continuing operations attributable to noncontrolling interests was due to lower results at hong kong disneyland resort and shanghai disney resort, partially offset by a higher adverse impact from the accretion of the hulu redeemable noncontrolling interest due to the consolidation of hulu.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests is determined on income after royalties and management fees, financing costs and income taxes, as applicable.
certain items impacting comparability results for fiscal 2020 were impacted by the following:
•goodwill and intangible asset impairments of $4,953 million and restructuring charges of $782 million
•amortization expense of $2,846 million related to tfcf and hulu intangible assets and fair value step-up on film and television costs
•a gain of $65 million on the sale of an investment results for fiscal 2019 were impacted by the following:
•a benefit of $74 million consisting of $46 million from insurance recoveries related to a legal matter and a gain of $28 million recognized on the settlement of preexisting relationships with tfcf pursuant to acquisition accounting guidance
•a benefit of $34 million from u.s. federal income tax legislation enacted in fiscal 2018
•amortization expense of $1,595 million related to tfcf and hulu intangible assets and fair value step-up on film and television costs
•restructuring and impairment charges of $1,183 million
•impairments of $538 million on equity investments
•a charge of $511 million for the extinguishment of a portion of debt originally assumed in the tfcf acquisition a summary of the impact of these items on eps is as follows:
(in millions, except per share data)                                                                                 pre-tax income (loss)                  tax benefit (expense)(1)                after-tax income (loss)                eps favorable (adverse)(2)
restructuring and impairment charges                                                                                    $(5,735)                                     $571                                $(5,164)                                  $(2.86)
amortization of tfcf and hulu intangible assets and fair value step-up on film and television costs(3)                   (2,846)                                      662                                 (2,184)                                   (1.17)
gain on sale of an investment                                                                                                 65                                     (15)                                      50                                     0.03
insurance recoveries and gains on the settlement of preexisting relationships                                                 74                                     (17)                                      57                                     0.03
benefit from the tax act                                                                                                       -                                       34                                      34                                     0.02
amortization of tfcf and hulu intangible assets and fair value step-up on film and television costs(3)                   (1,595)                                      355                                 (1,240)                                   (0.74)
restructuring and impairment charges                                                                                     (1,183)                                      273                                   (910)                                   (0.55)
impairment of equity investments                                                                                           (538)                                      123                                   (415)                                   (0.25)
charge for the extinguishment of debt                                                                                      (511)                                      118                                   (393)                                   (0.24)
(1)tax benefit/expense adjustments are determined using the tax rate applicable to the individual item affecting comparability.
(2)eps is net of noncontrolling interest share, where applicable. total may not equal the sum of the column due to rounding.
(3)includes amortization of intangibles related to tfcf equity investees.
table of contents business segment results - 2020 vs. 2019
below is a discussion of the major revenue and expense categories for our business segments. costs and expenses for each segment consist of operating expenses, selling, general, administrative and other costs, and depreciation and amortization. selling, general, administrative and other costs include third-party and internal marketing expenses.
our media networks segment primarily generates revenue from affiliate fees, advertising (excluding addressable ad sales) and the sale and distribution of television programs in tv/svod markets. significant expenses include amortization of programming and production costs, participations and residuals expense, technical support costs, operating labor and distribution costs.
our parks, experiences and products segment primarily generates revenue from the sale of admissions to theme parks, the sale of food, beverage and merchandise at our theme parks and resorts, charges for room nights at hotels, sales of cruise vacations, sales and rentals of vacation club properties, royalties from licensing intellectual properties and the sale of branded merchandise. revenues are also generated from sponsorships and co-branding opportunities, real estate rent and sales, and royalties from tokyo disney resort. significant expenses include operating labor, costs of goods sold, infrastructure costs, depreciation and other operating expenses. infrastructure costs include information systems expense, repairs and maintenance, utilities and fuel, property taxes, retail occupancy costs, insurance and transportation. other operating expenses include costs for such items as supplies, commissions and entertainment offerings.
our studio entertainment segment primarily generates revenue from the distribution of films in the theatrical, home entertainment and tv/svod markets, stage play ticket sales and licensing of our intellectual properties for use in live entertainment productions. significant expenses include amortization of production, participations and residuals costs, marketing and sales costs, distribution expenses and costs of sales.
our direct-to-consumer & international segment primarily generates revenue from subscription fees for our dtc streaming services, affiliate fees and advertising sales (including addressable ad sales). significant expenses include operating expenses, selling general and administrative costs and depreciation and amortization. operating expenses include programming and production costs (including programming, production and branded digital content obtained from other company segments), technology support costs, operating labor and distribution costs.
the company evaluates the performance of its operating segments based on segment operating income, and management uses total segment operating income as a measure of the overall performance of the operating businesses. total segment operating income is not a financial measure defined by gaap, should be reviewed in conjunction with the relevant gaap financial measure and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. the company believes that information about total segment operating income assists investors by allowing them to evaluate changes in the operating results of the company's portfolio of businesses separate from factors other than business operations that affect net income.
the following table reconciles income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes to total segment operating income:
(in millions)                                                                                                             2020                    2019             % change better (worse)
income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes                                                      $(1,743)                  $13,923                      nm add/(subtract):
restructuring and impairment charges                                                                                 5,735                    1,183             &gt;(100) %
amortization of tfcf and hulu intangible assets and fair value step-up on film and television costs(1)               2,846                    1,595                  (78) %
impairment of equity investments                                                                                         -                      538                   100 %
(1)includes amortization of intangibles related to tfcf equity investees
(in millions)                                         2020   2019                              % change better (worse)
media networks                                 $28,393                  $24,827                    14 %
direct-to-consumer &amp; international          16,967                    9,386                    81 %
media networks                                  $9,022                   $7,479                    21 %
direct-to-consumer &amp; international         (2,806)                  (1,835)                  (53) %
media networks operating results for the media networks segment are as follows:
year ended                   % change better
equity in the income of investees                            737           703                                             5 %
revenues the increase in affiliate fees was due to increases of 8% from higher contractual rates, 6% from the consolidation of tfcf and 2% from the benefit of an additional week in the current year, partially offset by a decrease of 4% from fewer subscribers. the subscriber decline was net of a benefit from the acc network which launched in august 2019.
the decline in advertising revenues was due to decreases of $392 million at cable networks, from $3,503 million to $3,111 million and $199 million at broadcasting, from $3,462 million to $3,263 million. cable networks advertising revenue reflected a decrease of 22% from lower impressions reflecting lower average viewership due to the impact covid-19 had on live sports events. this decrease was partially offset by increases of 7% from the consolidation of tfcf, 4% from the benefit of an additional week of operations, which included mlb and nba events, and 2% from higher rates. broadcasting advertising revenue reflected decreases of 9% from lower network impressions reflecting lower average viewership and 3% from the owned television stations. these decreases were partially offset by increases of 3% from higher network rates, 2% from the benefit of an additional week of operations and 2% from the consolidation of tfcf.
the increase in tv/svod distribution and other revenue of $2,572 million was due to the consolidation of tfcf, which consisted primarily of program sales, and higher program sales at disney television studios, disney channel and fx. the increase in disney television studios was primarily due to sales of original titles to hulu and library titles to hulu and
costs and expenses operating expenses include programming and production costs, which increased $1,857 million from $14,697 million to $16,554 million. at cable networks, programming and production costs increased $435 million due to the consolidation of tfcf, contractual increases for college football, nfl and nba programming, higher program sales and costs for the acc network. these increases were partially offset by the deferral of costs for nba, mlb and college football to fiscal 2021 when these events occurred or are scheduled to occur. at broadcasting, programming and production costs increased $1,422 million due to the consolidation of tfcf and higher program sales at disney television studios, partially offset by lower costs driven by production shutdowns and delays as a result of covid-19.
selling, general, administrative and other costs increased $153 million from $2,361 million to $2,514 million due to the consolidation of tfcf, partially offset by lower marketing costs at the abc television network, fx networks and espn due to the impact of covid-19.
equity in the income of investees income from equity investees increased $34 million, from $703 million to $737 million, driven by higher income from a+e television networks due to lower programming costs and higher program sales, partially offset by lower advertising revenue.
segment operating income segment operating income increased 21%, or $1,543 million, to $9,022 million due to the consolidation of tfcf and increases at espn, the fx networks, disney television studios and the abc television network.
the following table provides supplemental revenue and operating income detail for the media networks segment:
year ended                % change better
supplemental revenue detail cable networks                                     $17,966                               $16,486                  9 %
supplemental operating income detail cable networks                                      $6,283                                $5,425                 16 %
equity in the income of investees                      737           703                                          5 %
items excluded from segment operating income related to media networks the following table presents supplemental information for items related to the media network segment that are excluded from segment operating income:
year ended                                           % change better
amortization of tfcf intangible assets and fair value step-up on film and television costs(1)         $(1,305)                        $(684)               (91) %
restructuring and impairment charges                                                                  (51)                            (105)                51 %
impairment of equity investments                                                                      -                               (184)                - %
(1)in the current year, amortization of step-up on film and television costs was $695 million and amortization of intangible assets was $610 million. in the prior year, amortization of step-up on film and television costs was $359 million and amortization of intangible assets was $325 million.
table of contents parks, experiences and products operating results for the parks, experiences and products segment are as follows:
year ended                   % change better
equity in the loss of investees                                         (19)                                  (13)                  (46) %
operating income                                                       $(81)                                $6,758                      nm revenues the decrease in theme park admissions revenue was due to a decrease of 49% from lower attendance, partially offset by an increase of 3% from higher average ticket prices. our parks were closed for a significant portion of the fiscal year due to covid-19, and those that reopened were operating at significantly reduced capacity.
merchandise licensing and retail revenue was lower due to decreases of 4% from retail and 3% from merchandise licensing. the decrease in revenues at retail was driven by the closure of our retail stores for a significant portion of the fiscal year as a result of covid-19 and the prior-year sale of rights to a video game, partially offset by higher online sales. the decrease at merchandise licensing was primarily due to lower minimum guarantee shortfall recognition and a decrease in sales of merchandise based on toy story, avengers and disney classics, partially offset by higher sales of frozen merchandise. merchandise licensing revenues for the current year were adversely impacted by covid-19.
the decrease in parks licensing and other revenue was primarily due to lower sponsorship revenue and a decrease in royalties from tokyo disney resort, which was closed or operating at reduced capacity for a significant portion of the fiscal year.
per capita guest spending(3)                                8 %                        7 %             (3) %                          13 %               7 %                        8 %
(1)per capita guest spending growth rate is stated on a constant currency basis. per room guest spending is stated at the average foreign exchange rate for the same period in the prior year.
(2)attendance is used to analyze volume trends at our theme parks and is based on the number of unique daily entries, i.e. a person visiting multiple theme parks in a single day is counted only once. our attendance count includes complimentary entries but excludes entries by children under the age of three.
(3)per capita guest spending is used to analyze guest spending trends and is defined as total revenue from ticket sales and sales of food, beverage and merchandise in our theme parks, divided by total theme park attendance.
(4)occupancy is used to analyze the usage of available capacity at hotels and is defined as the number of room nights occupied by guests as a percentage of available hotel room nights.
costs and expenses operating expenses include operating labor, which decreased $1,304 million from $6,174 million to $4,870 million, cost of sales and distribution costs, which decreased $716 million from $2,918 million to $2,202 million, and infrastructure costs, which decreased $47 million from $2,469 million to $2,422 million. the decrease in operating labor was due to furloughs in response to lower volumes and the benefit of government credits for certain employee costs, partially offset by inflation and new guest offerings. lower cost of goods sold and distribution costs were due to lower volumes. the decrease in infrastructure costs was due to lower operations support costs reflecting reduced volumes, partially offset by the write-down of assets at our retail stores and higher costs for new guest offerings. other operating expenses, which include costs for such items as supplies, commissions/fees and entertainment offerings, decreased $463 million, from $2,454 million to $1,991 million, due to lower volumes, partially offset by higher charges for capital project abandonments.
selling, general, administrative and other costs decreased $491 million from $3,133 million to $2,642 million due to marketing and general and administrative cost reduction initiatives to mitigate the impacts of covid-19.
depreciation and amortization increased $131 million from $2,306 million to $2,437 million, primarily due to new attractions at our domestic parks and resorts.
segment operating income segment operating income decreased $6,839 million, to a loss of $81 million due to decreases at our domestic and international parks and experiences and, to a lesser extent, our retail and merchandise licensing businesses.
table of contents the following table presents supplemental revenue and operating income detail for the parks, experiences and products segment:
year ended       % change better
consumer products                                4,256                           4,633                 (8) %
supplemental operating income detail parks &amp; experiences domestic                                        $(623)                          $4,412                    nm international                                  (1,073)         507                                        nm consumer products                                1,615                           1,839                (12) %
$(81)                          $6,758                    nm items excluded from segment operating income related to parks, experiences and products the following table presents supplemental information for items related to the parks, experiences and products segment that are excluded from segment operating income:
year ended                                         % change better
restructuring and impairment charges         $(265)                        $(13)                &gt;(100) %
amortization of tfcf intangible assets       (8)                           (4)                  (100) %
studio entertainment operating results for the studio entertainment segment are as follows:
year ended                   % change better
equity in the loss of investees                              (1)                                     -                      nm operating income                                          $2,501                                $2,686                   (7) %
revenues the decrease in theatrical distribution revenue was due to fewer significant releases, which included the impact of theater closures as a result of covid-19, partially offset by the consolidation of tfcf. significant titles in the current year included frozen ii, star wars: the rise of skywalker and maleficent: mistress of evil. significant titles in the prior year included avengers: endgame, the lion king, captain marvel, toy story 4, aladdin, ralph breaks the internet, mary poppins returns and dumbo.
table of contents lower home entertainment revenue was due to decreases of 21% from lower unit sales of both new releases and catalog titles and 4% from lower average net effective pricing, partially offset by an increase of 14% from the consolidation of tfcf. new release titles in the current year included frozen ii, star wars: the rise of skywalker, the lion king and toy story 4, whereas the prior year included avengers: endgame, incredibles 2, captain marvel, ant-man and the wasp, ralph breaks the internet, avengers: infinity war, bohemian rhapsody and aladdin. the decrease in average net effective pricing was primarily due to a lower mix of new release titles.
higher tv/svod distribution and other revenue was due to increases of 21% from tv/svod distribution and 14% from the consolidation of tfcf, partially offset by a decrease of 8% from stage plays reflecting the impact of theater closures in response to covid-19. the increase in tv/svod distribution was due to sales of content to disney+, partially offset by lower sales to third parties in the pay and free television windows.
costs and expenses operating expenses include amortization of production, participation and residual costs, which decreased $119 million, from $3,762 million to $3,643 million, primarily due to lower theatrical distribution and home entertainment revenue, partially offset by higher tv/svod distribution revenue and the consolidation of tfcf. operating expenses also include cost of goods sold and distribution costs, which decreased $449 million, from $1,425 million to $976 million. lower cost of goods sold and distribution costs were primarily due to decreases in theatrical and stage play distribution costs due to fewer theatrical releases and stage play performances, partially offset by the consolidation of tfcf.
selling, general, administrative and other costs decreased $750 million from $3,119 million to $2,369 million due to lower theatrical and home entertainment marketing costs, partially offset by the consolidation of tfcf.
items excluded from segment operating income related to studio entertainment the following table presents supplemental information for items related to the studio entertainment segment that are excluded from segment operating income:
year ended                                             % change better
amortization of tfcf intangible assets and fair value step-up on film and television costs(1)         $(291)                        $(206)                     (41) %
restructuring and impairment charges                                                                  (114)                         (219)                        48 %
(1)in the current year, amortization of step-up on film and television costs was $184 million and amortization of intangible assets was $107 million. in the prior year, amortization of step-up on film and television costs was $179 million and amortization of intangible assets was $27 million.
table of contents direct-to-consumer & international operating results for the direct-to-consumer & international segment are as follows:
year ended                      % change better
equity in the loss of investees                             (40)                                 (240)                       83 %
the increase in affiliate fees was due to an increase of 44% from the consolidation of tfcf, partially offset by decreases of 9% from fewer subscribers driven by the expiration of certain carriage agreements and channel closures, both primarily in europe, and 3% from an unfavorable foreign exchange impact.
the increase in advertising revenues was due to an increase of 30% from higher addressable advertising sales, partially offset by a decrease of 4% from our international channels. higher addressable advertising sales were due to the consolidation of hulu and, to a lesser extent, tfcf and higher impressions, partially offset by lower rates. the increase in impressions was due to growth at hulu, partially offset by the timing of cricket programming and the impact of lower impressions at our other digital platforms. the decrease in rates was primarily due to lower rates at hulu. the decrease in advertising revenues at our international channels was driven by lower impressions, partially offset by the consolidation of tfcf. the decrease in impressions reflected the impact of covid-19, including a shift in the timing of indian premier league (ipl) cricket matches to fiscal 2021, and the comparison to the prior-year broadcast of international cricket council world cup (icc wc) matches. the icc wc is held every four years.
growth in tv/svod distribution and other revenue was due to higher ultimate fighting championship (ufc) pay-per-view fees, the consolidation of tfcf and, to a lesser extent, hulu and disney+ premier access revenues from mulan. these increases were partially offset by the comparison to the sub-licensing of icc wc rights to third-party broadcasters in the prior year and lower revenue from streaming technology services.
the following table presents the number of paid subscribers(1) (in millions) for disney+, espn+ and hulu as of:
% change october 3,                 september 28,   better
table of contents the following table presents the average monthly revenue per paid subscriber(2) for the fiscal year ended:
% change october 3,        september 28,   better
(1)a subscriber for which we recognized subscription revenue. a subscriber ceases to be a paid subscriber as of their effective cancellation date or as a result of a failed payment method. a subscription bundle is considered a paid subscriber for each service included in the bundle. subscribers include those who receive the service through wholesale arrangements in which we receive a fee for the distribution of disney+ to each subscriber to an existing content distribution tier. when we aggregate the total number of paid subscribers across our dtc services, whether acquired individually, through a wholesale arrangement or via the bundle, we refer to them as paid subscriptions.
(2)revenue per paid subscriber is calculated based upon the average of the monthly average paid subscribers for each month in the period. the monthly average paid subscribers is calculated as the sum of the beginning of the month and end of the month paid subscriber count, divided by two. disney+ average monthly revenue per paid subscriber for the fiscal year ended october 3, 2020 is calculated using a daily average of paid subscribers for the period beginning at launch and ending on the last day of the period. the average revenue per subscriber is net of discounts provided to both wholesale and bundled subscribers, annual subscriptions and other limited term promotional offers. the bundled discount is allocated to each service based on the relative retail price of each service on a standalone basis. in general, wholesale arrangements have a lower average monthly revenue per paid subscriber than subscribers that we acquire directly or through third party platforms like apple.
(3)disney+ hotstar launched on april 3, 2020 in india (as a conversion of the preexisting hotstar service) and on september 5, 2020 in indonesia, and is included in the number of paid subscribers and average monthly revenue per paid subscriber. the average monthly revenue per paid subscriber for disney+ hotstar in india and indonesia is significantly lower than the average monthly revenue per paid subscriber in north america and europe.
(4)excludes disney+ premier access revenue.
(5)excludes pay-per-view revenue.
(6)hulu's average monthly revenue per paid subscriber for the period september 30, 2018 to march 19, 2019 is not reflected in the company's prior-year revenues, but is included in the average monthly revenue per paid subscriber reported in the table. includes advertising revenue (including amounts generated during free trial subscription periods).
the average monthly revenue per paid subscriber for espn+ decreased from $5.12 to $4.35 due to the introduction of a bundled subscription package offering of disney+, espn+ and hulu beginning in november 2019 and lower per-subscriber advertising revenue, partially offset by an increase in retail pricing in august 2020. the bundled offering has a lower retail price than the aggregate standalone retail prices of the individual services.
the average monthly revenue per paid subscriber for the hulu svod only service decreased from $13.09 to $12.24 driven by a decrease in retail pricing, lower per-subscriber advertising revenue and the introduction of the bundled offering, partially offset by a lower mix of promotional and wholesale subscribers. the average monthly revenue per paid subscriber for the hulu live tv + svod service increased from $55.98 to $67.24 due to an increase in retail pricing in december 2019 and higher per-subscriber live tv advertising and premium add-on revenue, partially offset by the introduction of the bundled offering.
costs and expenses operating expenses include a $5,381 million increase in programming and production costs, from $6,925 million to $12,306 million, and a $1,151 million increase in other operating expenses, from $1,615 million to $2,766 million. programming and production costs include the costs of content provided by other segments. the increase in programming and production costs was due to the consolidation of hulu and tfcf, the launch of disney+ and higher costs at hulu, partially offset by lower costs for sports programming. the increase in costs at hulu was driven by higher subscriber-based fees for programming on the live tv service. lower costs for sports programming were primarily due to the comparison to the icc wc in the prior year and the shift in the timing of ipl, partially offset by higher costs for ufc programming rights. other operating expenses, which include technical support and distribution costs, increased due to the launch of disney+ and the consolidation of hulu and tfcf.
table of contents selling, general, administrative and other costs increased $2,085 million, from $2,116 million to $4,201 million, due to the launch of disney+ and the consolidation of hulu and tfcf.
equity in the loss of investees loss from equity investees in the prior year of $240 million improved by $200 million to a loss of $40 million, due to the consolidation of hulu. in the current year, hulu's results are reported in revenues and expenses. in the prior year, prior to march 20, 2019, the company recognized its ownership share of hulu's results in equity in the loss of investees.
segment operating loss segment operating loss increased from $1,835 million to $2,806 million, due to costs associated with the launch of disney+, the consolidation of hulu and a decrease at our international channels. these decreases were partially offset by the consolidation of tfcf and improved results at espn+ and hulu.
the following table presents supplemental revenue and operating income (loss) detail for the direct-to-consumer & international segment:
year ended          % change
supplemental revenue detail direct-to-consumer services                            $10,444                          $3,347                &gt;100 %
supplemental operating income (loss) detail direct-to-consumer services                            (3,294)                         (1,849)                   (78) %
equity in the loss of investees                           (40)                           (240)                     83 %
(1)primarily addressable ad sales related to domestic media networks branded properties (addressable ad sales related to our direct-to-consumer services, principally hulu, are reflected in "direct-to-consumer services")
items excluded from segment operating loss related to direct-to-consumer & international the following table presents supplemental information for items related to the direct-to-consumer & international segment that are excluded from segment operating loss:
year ended                                                  % change better
amortization of tfcf and hulu intangible assets and fair value step-up on film and television costs(1)         $(1,242)                        $(701)                        (77) %
restructuring and impairment charges(2)                                                                        (5,229)                         (456)                    &gt;(100) %
impairment of equity investments                                                                               -                               (354)                          100 %
(1)in the current year, amortization of intangible assets was $1,196 million, amortization of intangible assets related to tfcf equity investees was $26 million and amortization of step-up on film and television costs was $20 million. in the prior year, amortization of intangible assets was $687 million and amortization of intangible assets related to tfcf equity investees was $15 million.
(2)the current year includes goodwill and intangible asset impairments at our international channels business ($4,953 million).
table of contents eliminations intersegment content transactions are as follows:
year ended                                           % change
content transactions with media networks                                $(188)                          $(106)               (77) %
content transactions with direct-to-consumer &amp; international        (2,108)                         (272)                &gt;(100) %
media networks:
content transactions with direct-to-consumer &amp; international        (3,814)                         (1,580)              &gt;(100) %
content transactions with media networks                                $3                              $(19)                nm content transactions with direct-to-consumer &amp; international        (158)                           (80)                 (98) %
media networks:
content transactions with direct-to-consumer &amp; international        (373)                           (142)                &gt;(100) %
revenues the increase in revenue eliminations was due to sales of media networks content to hulu and disney+ and sales of studio entertainment content to disney+. the increase in media networks sales to hulu was due to higher sales of original titles, driven by little fires everywhere and mrs. america, and library titles. higher media networks sales also included an increase in affiliate fees received from hulu for networks in the hulu live tv + svod service. media networks sales to disney+ were due to sales of library series, including the simpsons and disney channel titles, and original series. studio entertainment content sold to disney+ included original titles noelle, lady and the tramp, and artemis fowl and theatrically released titles frozen ii, the lion king, toy story 4 and star wars: the rise of skywalker.
operating income the increase in the impact from eliminations was due to sales of media networks content to hulu and disney+ and sales of studio entertainment content to disney+.
(in millions)                                   2020                    2019                    % change better (worse)
the decrease in corporate and unallocated shared expenses was due to lower costs related to tfcf and lower compensation costs, partially offset by the absence of a benefit from amortization of a deferred gain on a sale leaseback due to the adoption of new lease accounting guidance. the decrease in costs related to tfcf was due to lower acquisition and integration costs, partially offset by the consolidation of tfcf.
restructuring activities see note 19 to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding the company's restructuring activities in connection with the acquisition of tfcf and from a workforce reduction plan, primarily at the parks, experiences and products segment.
table of contents liquidity and capital resources the change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash is as follows:
cash used in investing activities - continuing operations                                (3,850)                  (15,096)
cash provided by (used in) financing activities - continuing operations                    8,480                     (464)
cash provided by investing activities - discontinued operations                              213                    10,978
cash used in financing activities - discontinued operations                                    -                     (626)
impact of exchange rates on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                        38                      (98)
change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                                     $12,499                    $1,300
operating activities continuing operations cash provided by operating activities for fiscal 2020 increased 27% or $1.6 billion to $7.6 billion, due to lower tax payments, driven by the payment of approximately $7.6 billion of tax obligations that arose from the spin-off of fox corporation in connection with the tfcf acquisition and the sale of the rsns acquired with tfcf in the prior year, and higher current year operating cash flow at media networks. these increases were partially offset by lower operating cash flow at parks, experiences and products and direct-to-consumer & international. the increase at media networks was due to higher operating cash receipts driven by an increase in revenue. lower operating cash flows at parks, experiences and products were due to lower cash receipts driven by decreased revenues, partially offset by lower cash disbursements. lower cash disbursements were due to lower operating expenses. the decrease at direct-to-consumer & international was due to higher film and television spending and an increase in operating cash disbursements due to higher operating expenses, partially offset by higher operating cash receipts driven by revenues from the consolidation of tfcf and hulu and the launch of disney+.
media networks cable networks                                                $120                    $107
broadcasting total media networks                                           203                     191
direct-to-consumer &amp; international                         348                     214
amortization of intangible assets is as follows:
media networks                                                     $4                      $-
direct-to-consumer &amp; international                            112                     111
total amortization of intangible assets                        $2,205                  $1,323
table of contents produced and licensed content costs the company's studio entertainment, media networks and direct-to-consumer & international segments incur costs to license and produce film and television programming. film and television production costs include all internally produced content such as live-action and animated films, animated direct-to-video programming, television series, television specials, theatrical stage plays or other similar product. programming costs include film or television product licensed for a specific period from third parties for airing on the company's broadcast and cable networks, television stations and dtc services. programming assets are generally recorded when the programming becomes available to us with a corresponding increase in programming liabilities. accordingly, we analyze our programming assets net of the related liability.
the company's film and television production and programming activity for fiscal 2020 and 2019 are as follows:
production and programming assets                                                                                                                   $27,407                    $9,202
programming liabilities                                                                                                                             (4,061)                   (1,178)
change in film and television production andprogramming costs                                                                                         (397)                       542
film and television production costs from the tfcf acquisition and consolidation of hulu, net of programming liabilities assumed                          -                    14,769
other non-cash activity                                                                                                                                 145                        11
production and programming assets                                                                                                                    27,193                    27,407
programming liabilities                                                                                                                             (4,099)                   (4,061)
discontinued operations cash provided by operating activities for discontinued operations in fiscal 2019 reflected the operations of the rsns.
table of contents investing activities continuing operations investing activities consist principally of investments in parks, resorts and other property and acquisition and divestiture activity. the company's investments in parks, resorts and other property for fiscal 2020 and 2019 are as follows:
media networks cable networks                                              $61                     $93
direct-to-consumer &amp; international                      594                     258
capital expenditures at media networks primarily reflect investments in facilities and equipment for expanding and upgrading broadcast centers, production facilities and television station facilities.
capital expenditures for the parks, experiences and products segment are principally for theme park and resort expansion, new attractions, cruise ships, capital improvements and systems infrastructure. the decrease in capital expenditures at our domestic parks and resorts in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019 was primarily due to lower spend on star wars: galaxy's edge at both the walt disney world and disneyland resorts. capital spending in fiscal 2020 also reflected the suspension of certain capital projects as a result of covid-19.
capital expenditures at direct-to-consumer & international primarily reflect investments in technology. the increase in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019 was due to spending on technology to support our streaming services.
capital expenditures at corporate primarily reflect investments in facilities, information technology infrastructure and equipment. the increase in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019 was due to higher spending on facilities.
the company currently expects its fiscal 2021 capital expenditures will be approximately $0.6 billion higher than fiscal 2020 capital expenditures of $4.0 billion due to increased spending on facilities at corporate and spending on technology at direct-to-consumer & international, partially offset by lower investments at our domestic parks and resorts, in part reflecting a reduction in spending in response to covid-19.
other investing activities the fiscal 2019 spending of $9.9 billion on acquisitions reflects $35.7 billion of cash paid to acquire tfcf less $25.7 billion of cash acquired in the transaction (see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements). cash provided by other investing activities of $172 million in fiscal 2020 reflects the proceeds from the sale of an investment while cash used in other investing activities of $319 million in fiscal 2019 reflects contributions of $347 million to hulu prior to the consolidation of hulu.
discontinued operations cash provided by investing activities from discontinued operations in fiscal 2019 reflects the sale of the rsns.
financing activities continuing operations cash provided by financing activities was $8.5 billion in fiscal 2020 compared to cash used in financing activities of $0.5 billion in fiscal 2019. cash provided by financing activities in fiscal 2020 was due to borrowings, partially offset by dividend payments and settlement of acquisition related obligations. the increase in cash provided by financing activities in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019 was from higher cash proceeds from net borrowings ($11.2 billion in fiscal 2020 compared to $3.7 billion in fiscal 2019).
table of contents discontinued operations cash used in financing activities by discontinued operations in fiscal 2019 was due to redemption of noncontrolling interests of the rsns.
borrowings activities and other during the year ended october 3, 2020, the company's borrowing activity was as follows:
activity commercial paper with original maturities less than three months(1)                 $1,934                            $-            $(1,961)                     $27                   $-
commercial paper with original maturities greater than three months                  3,408                        11,500            (12,893)                       8                2,023
foreign currency denominated debt and other(3)                                       1,106                           977                (40)                     523                2,566
(2)the other activity is primarily due to the amortization of purchase price adjustments on debt assumed in the tfcf acquisition and debt issuance fees.
(3)the other activity is due to market value adjustments for debt with qualifying hedges.
see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding the company's bank facilities. the company may use commercial paper borrowings up to the amount of its unused $12.25 billion bank facilities maturing in march 2021, march 2023 and march 2025, unused availability under the $5.0 billion bank facility maturing in april 2021, incremental term debt issuances and operating cash flows, to retire or refinance other borrowings before or as they come due.
see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for a summary of the company's dividends in fiscal 2020 and 2019. the company did not repurchase any of its shares in fiscal 2020 or 2019.
the company's operating cash flow and access to the capital markets can be impacted by factors outside of its control, including covid-19, which has affected our segment operations in a number of ways, and as a result, had an adverse impact on the company's operating cash flows. we have taken a number of measures to mitigate the impact on the company's financial position. we have significantly increased the company's cash balances through the issuance of senior notes in march and may 2020. in addition, we entered into an additional $5.0 billion credit facility in april 2020, bringing the total capacity of our bank facilities to $17.25 billion. see significant developments for the impact covid-19 had on our operations and mitigating measures.
despite the impact of covid-19, we believe that the company's financial condition remains strong and that its cash balances, other liquid assets, operating cash flows, access to debt and equity capital markets and borrowing capacity under current bank facilities, taken together, provide adequate resources to fund ongoing operating requirements and upcoming debt maturities as well as future capital expenditures related to the expansion of existing businesses and development of new projects, although certain of these activities have been scaled back or suspended in light of covid-19. in addition to measures the company has already taken in response to covid-19, there are a number of additional mitigating actions the company may take in the future such as not declaring dividends (which the board of directors did not declare with respect to fiscal 2020 operations); reducing, or not making certain payments, such as some contributions to our pension and postretirement medical plans; raising additional financing; further suspending capital spending; reducing film and television content investments; or implementing additional furloughs or reductions in force.
the company's borrowing costs can also be impacted by short- and long-term debt ratings assigned by nationally recognized rating agencies, which are based, in significant part, on the company's performance as measured by certain credit metrics such as leverage and interest coverage ratios. as of october 3, 2020, moody's investors service's long- and short-term debt ratings for the company were a2 and p-1, respectively, standard and poor's long- and short-term debt ratings for the company were a- and a-2, respectively, and fitch's long- and short-term debt ratings for the company were a- and f2, respectively. in addition, fitch has placed the company's long-term debt rating on negative outlook. on november 18, 2020, standard and poor's lowered the company's long-term rating to bbb+ and placed the company's long-term ratings on negative outlook. the company's bank facilities contain only one financial covenant, relating to interest coverage, which the company met on october 3, 2020, by a significant margin. the company's bank facilities also specifically exclude certain entities, including the asia theme parks, from any representations, covenants or events of default.
table of contents the duration of business closures and other impacts related to covid-19, and the corresponding duration of the impacts to our operating cash flows, are subject to substantial uncertainty. these impacts to our operating cash flows may require us to rely more heavily on external funding sources, such as debt and other types of financing.
supplemental guarantor financial information on march 20, 2019, as part of the acquisition of tfcf, the walt disney company ("twdc") became the ultimate parent of twdc enterprises 18 corp. (formerly known as the walt disney company) ("legacy disney"). legacy disney and twdc are collectively referred to as "obligor group", and individually, as a "guarantor". concurrent with the close of the tfcf acquisition, $16.8 billion of tfcf's assumed public debt (which then constituted 96% of such debt) was exchanged for senior notes of twdc (the "exchange notes") issued pursuant to an exemption from registration under the securities act of 1933, as amended (the "securities act"), pursuant to an indenture, dated as of march 20, 2019, between twdc, legacy disney, as guarantor, and citibank, n.a., as trustee (the "twdc indenture") and guaranteed by legacy disney. on november 26, 2019, $14.0 billion of the outstanding exchange notes were exchanged for new senior notes of twdc registered under the securities act, issued pursuant to the twdc indenture and guaranteed by legacy disney. in addition, contemporaneously with the closing of the march 20, 2019 exchange offer, twdc entered into a guarantee of the registered debt securities issued by legacy disney under the indenture dated as of september 24, 2001 between legacy disney and wells fargo bank, national association, as trustee (the "2001 trustee") (as amended by the first supplemental indenture among legacy disney, as issuer, twdc, as guarantor, and the 2001 trustee, as trustee).
other subsidiaries of the company do not guarantee the registered debt securities of either twdc or legacy disney (such subsidiaries are referred to as the "non-guarantors"). the par value and carrying value of total outstanding and guaranteed registered debt securities of the obligor group at october 3, 2020 was as follows:
(in millions)                                      par value                  carrying value       par value                     carrying value registered debt with unconditional guarantee       $38,646                    $41,077              $12,541                       $12,751
the guarantees by twdc and legacy disney are full and unconditional and cover all payment obligations arising under the guaranteed registered debt securities. the guarantees may be released and discharged upon (i) as a general matter, the indebtedness for borrowed money of the consolidated subsidiaries of twdc in aggregate constituting no more than 10% of all consolidated indebtedness for borrowed money of twdc and its subsidiaries (subject to certain exclusions), (ii) upon the sale, transfer or disposition of all or substantially all of the equity interests or all or substantially all, or substantially as an entirety, the assets of legacy disney to a third party, and (iii) other customary events constituting a discharge of a guarantor's obligations. in addition, in the case of legacy disney's guarantee of registered debt securities issued by twdc, legacy disney may be released and discharged from its guarantee at any time legacy disney is not a borrower, issuer or guarantor under certain material bank facilities or any debt securities.
operations are conducted almost entirely through the company's subsidiaries. accordingly, the obligor group's cash flow and ability to service its debt, including the public debt, are dependent upon the earnings of the company's subsidiaries and the distribution of those earnings to the obligor group, whether by dividends, loans or otherwise. holders of the guaranteed registered debt securities have a direct claim only against the obligor group.
set forth below are summarized financial information for the obligor group on a combined basis after elimination of (i) intercompany transactions and balances between twdc and legacy disney and (ii) equity in the earnings from and investments in any subsidiary that is a non-guarantor. this summarized financial information has been prepared and presented pursuant to the securities and exchange commission regulation s-x rule 13-01, "financial disclosures about guarantors and issuers of guaranteed securities" and is not intended to present the financial position or results of operations of the obligor group in accordance with u.s. gaap.
costs and expenses                                          -
current assets                                                                $12,899                    $1,145
noncurrent assets                                                               2,076                     1,398
current liabilities                                                             6,155                     9,405
noncurrent liabilities (excluding intercompany to non-guarantors)              57,809                    41,728
contractual obligations, commitments and off balance sheet arrangements the company has various contractual obligations, which are recorded as liabilities in our consolidated financial statements. other items, such as certain purchase commitments and other executory contracts, are not recognized as liabilities in our consolidated financial statements but are required to be disclosed in the footnotes to the financial statements. for example, the company is contractually committed to acquire broadcast programming and make certain minimum lease payments for the use of property under operating lease agreements.
the following table summarizes our significant contractual obligations and commitments on an undiscounted basis at october 3, 2020 and the future periods in which such obligations are expected to be settled in cash. in addition, the table reflects the timing of principal and interest payments on outstanding borrowings based on their contractual maturities. additional details regarding these obligations are provided in the notes to the consolidated financial statements, as referenced in the table:
operating lease commitments (note 16)                                                4,211                        840                   1,129                     677                      1,565
sports programming commitments (note 15)                                            40,578                      9,492                  12,649                   9,271                      9,166
broadcast programming commitments (note 15)                                          5,800                      2,551                   2,013                     759                        477
total programming commitments                                                       46,378                     12,043                  14,662                  10,030                      9,643
(1)excludes market value adjustments, which increased borrowings by $509 million. includes interest payments based on contractual terms for fixed rate debt and on current interest rates for variable rate debt. in 2023, the company has the ability to call a debt instrument prior to its scheduled maturity, which if exercised by the company would reduce future interest payments by $1.0 billion.
(2)primarily contracts for the construction of three new cruise ships, creative talent and employment agreements and unrecognized tax benefits. creative talent and employment agreements include obligations to actors, producers, sports, television and radio personalities and executives.
(3)contractual commitments include the following:
liabilities recorded on the balance sheet                  $65,524
commitments not recorded on the balance sheet               85,448
the company also has obligations with respect to its pension and postretirement medical benefit plans. see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements.
contingent commitments and contractual guarantees see notes 4, 7 and 15 to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding the company's contingent commitments and contractual guarantees.
legal and tax matters as disclosed in notes 10 and 15 to the consolidated financial statements, the company has exposure for certain tax and legal matters.
table of contents critical accounting policies and estimates we believe that the application of the following accounting policies, which are important to our financial position and results of operations, require significant judgments and estimates on the part of management. for a summary of our significant accounting policies, including the accounting policies discussed below, see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements.
produced and acquired/licensed content costs at the beginning of fiscal 2020, the company adopted on a prospective basis, new financial accounting standards board (fasb) guidance that updates the accounting for film and television content costs. under that new guidance, we amortize and test for impairment capitalized film and television production costs based on whether the content is predominantly monetized individually or as a group. see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
production costs that are classified as individual are amortized based upon the ratio of the current period's revenues to the estimated remaining total revenues (ultimate revenues).
with respect to produced films intended for theatrical release, the most sensitive factor affecting our estimate of ultimate revenues is theatrical performance. revenues derived from other markets subsequent to the theatrical release are generally highly correlated with theatrical performance. theatrical performance varies primarily based upon the public interest and demand for a particular film, the popularity of competing films at the time of release and the level of marketing effort. upon a film's release and determination of the theatrical performance, the company's estimates of revenues from succeeding windows, including intersegment content transactions, and markets are revised based on historical relationships and an analysis of current market trends.
with respect to capitalized television production costs that are classified as individual, the most sensitive factors affecting estimates of ultimate revenues are program ratings of the content on our licensees' platforms. program ratings, which are an indication of market acceptance, directly affect the program's ability to generate advertising and subscriber revenues and are correlated with the license fees we can charge for the content in subsequent windows and for subsequent seasons.
ultimate revenues are reassessed each reporting period and the impact of any changes on amortization of production cost is accounted for as if the change occurred at the beginning of the current fiscal year. if our estimate of ultimate revenues decreases, amortization of costs may be accelerated or result in an impairment. conversely, if our estimate of ultimate revenues increases, cost amortization may be slowed.
produced content costs that are part of a group and acquired/licensed content costs are amortized based on projected usage typically resulting in an accelerated or straight-line amortization pattern. the determination of projected usage requires judgement and is reviewed periodically for changes. if projected usage changes we may need to accelerate or slow the recognition of amortization expense.
the amortization of multi-year sports rights is based on our projections of revenues over the contract period, which include advertising revenue and an allocation of affiliate revenue (relative value). if the annual contractual payments related to each season approximate each season's estimated relative value, we expense the related contractual payments during the applicable season. if estimated relative values by year were to change significantly, amortization of our sports rights costs may be accelerated or slowed.
revenue recognition the company has revenue recognition policies for its various operating segments that are appropriate to the circumstances of each business. refer to note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for our revenue recognition policies.
pension and postretirement medical plan actuarial assumptions the company's pension and postretirement medical benefit obligations and related costs are calculated using a number of actuarial assumptions. two critical assumptions, the discount rate and the expected return on plan assets, are important elements of expense and/or liability measurement, which we evaluate annually. other assumptions include the healthcare cost trend rate and employee demographic factors such as retirement patterns, mortality, turnover and rate of compensation increase.
the discount rate enables us to state expected future cash payments for benefits as a present value on the measurement date. a lower discount rate increases the present value of benefit obligations and increases pension and postretirement medical expense. the guideline for setting this rate is a high-quality long-term corporate bond rate. we reduced our discount rate to 2.82% at the end of fiscal 2020 from 3.22% at the end of fiscal 2019 to reflect market interest rate conditions at our fiscal 2020 year-end measurement date. the company's discount rate was determined by considering yield curves constructed of a large population of high-quality corporate bonds and reflects the matching of the plans' liability cash flows to the yield curves. a one percentage point decrease in the assumed discount rate would increase total benefit expense for fiscal 2021 by approximately $351 million and would increase the projected benefit obligation at october 3, 2020 by approximately $4.0 billion. a one table of contents percentage point increase in the assumed discount rate would decrease total benefit expense and the projected benefit obligation by approximately $303 million and $3.4 billion, respectively.
to determine the expected long-term rate of return on the plan assets, we consider the current and expected asset allocation, as well as historical and expected returns on each plan asset class. our expected return on plan assets is 7.00%. a lower expected rate of return on plan assets will increase pension and postretirement medical expense. a one percentage point change in the long-term asset return assumption would impact fiscal 2021 annual expense by approximately $164 million.
goodwill, other intangible assets, long-lived assets and investments the company is required to test goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis and if current events or circumstances require, on an interim basis.
goodwill is allocated to various reporting units, which are an operating segment or one level below the operating segment. to test goodwill for impairment, the company first performs a qualitative assessment to determine if it is more likely than not that the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value. if it is, a quantitative assessment is required. alternatively, the company may bypass the qualitative assessment and perform a quantitative impairment test.
the qualitative assessment requires the consideration of factors such as recent market transactions, macroeconomic conditions, and changes in projected future cash flows of the reporting unit.
the quantitative assessment compares the fair value of each goodwill reporting unit to its carrying amount, and to the extent the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, an impairment of goodwill is recognized for the excess up to the amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit.
in fiscal 2020, the company performed a qualitative assessment of goodwill for impairment.
the impairment test for goodwill requires judgment related to the identification of reporting units, the assignment of assets and liabilities to reporting units including goodwill, and the determination of fair value of the reporting units. to determine the fair value of our reporting units, we apply what we believe to be the most appropriate valuation methodology for each of our reporting units. we generally use a present value technique (discounted cash flows) corroborated by market multiples when available and as appropriate. the projected cash flows of our reporting units reflect intersegment revenues and expenses for the sale and use of intellectual property. the discounted cash flow analyses are sensitive to our estimates of future revenue growth and margins for these businesses as well as the discount rates used to calculate the present value of future cash flows. in times of adverse economic conditions in the global economy, the company's long-term cash flow projections are subject to a greater degree of uncertainty than usual.
to test its other indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment, the company first performs a qualitative assessment to determine if it is more likely than not that the carrying amount of each of its indefinite-lived intangible assets exceeds its fair value. if it is, a quantitative assessment is required. alternatively, the company may bypass the qualitative assessment and perform a quantitative impairment test.
the qualitative assessment requires consideration of recent market transactions, macroeconomic conditions, and changes in projected future cash flows.
the quantitative assessment compares the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset to its carrying amount. if the carrying amount of an indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized for the excess. fair values of indefinite-lived intangible assets are determined based on discounted cash flows or appraised values, as appropriate.
the company tests long-lived assets, including amortizable intangible assets, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances (triggering events) indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. once a triggering event has occurred, the impairment test employed is based on whether the company's intent is to hold the asset for continued use or to hold the asset for sale. the impairment test for assets held for use requires a comparison of the estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated over the useful life of an asset group to the carrying amount of the asset group. an asset group is generally established by identifying the lowest level of cash flows generated by a group of assets that are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets. if the carrying amount of an asset group exceeds the estimated undiscounted future cash flows, an impairment is measured as the difference between the fair value of the asset group and the carrying amount of the asset group. for assets held for sale, to the extent the carrying amount is greater than the asset's fair value less costs to sell, an impairment loss is recognized for the difference. determining whether a long-lived asset is impaired requires various estimates and assumptions, including whether a triggering event has occurred, the identification of asset groups, estimates of future cash flows and the discount rate used to determine fair values.
table of contents the company has investments in equity securities. for equity securities that do not have a readily determinable fair value, we consider forecasted financial performance of the investee companies, as well as volatility inherit in the external markets for these investments. if these forecasts are not met, impairment charges may be recorded.
the fiscal 2020 impairment charges primarily related to impairments of mvpd agreement intangibles assets ($1.9 billion) and goodwill ($3.1 billion) at the international channels' business as discussed below under "impacts of covid-19 on accounting policies and estimates."
the fiscal 2019 charges primarily related to impairments of investments accounted for under the equity method of accounting recorded in "equity in the income (loss) of investees" in the consolidated statements of operations.
allowance for credit losses we evaluate our allowance for credit losses and estimate collectability of accounts receivable based on our analysis of historical bad debt experience in conjunction with our assessment of the financial condition of individual companies with which we do business. in times of domestic or global economic turmoil, including covid-19, our estimates and judgments with respect to the collectability of our receivables are subject to greater uncertainty than in more stable periods. if our estimate of uncollectible accounts is too low, costs and expenses may increase in future periods, and if it is too high, costs and expenses may decrease in future periods.
contingencies and litigation we are currently involved in certain legal proceedings and, as required, have accrued estimates of the probable and estimable losses for the resolution of these proceedings. these estimates are based upon an analysis of potential results, assuming a combination of litigation and settlement strategies and have been developed in consultation with outside counsel as appropriate. from time to time, we are also involved in other contingent matters for which we accrue estimates for a probable and estimable loss. it is possible, however, that future results of operations for any particular quarterly or annual period could be materially affected by changes in our assumptions or the effectiveness of our strategies related to legal proceedings or our assumptions regarding other contingent matters. see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements for more detailed information on litigation exposure.
income tax as a matter of course, the company is regularly audited by federal, state and foreign tax authorities. from time to time, these audits result in proposed assessments. our determinations regarding the recognition of income tax benefits are made in consultation with outside tax and legal counsel, where appropriate, and are based upon the technical merits of our tax positions in consideration of applicable tax statutes and related interpretations and precedents and upon the expected outcome of proceedings (or negotiations) with taxing and legal authorities. the tax benefits ultimately realized by the company may differ from those recognized in our future financial statements based on a number of factors, including the company's decision to settle rather than litigate a matter, relevant legal precedent related to similar matters and the company's success in supporting its filing positions with taxing authorities.
impacts of covid-19 on accounting policies and estimates in light of the currently unknown ultimate duration and severity of covid-19, we face a greater degree of uncertainty than normal in making the judgments and estimates needed to apply our significant accounting policies. as covid-19 continues to develop, we may make changes to these estimates and judgments over time, which could result in meaningful impacts to our financial statements in future periods. a more detailed discussion of the impact of covid-19 on the accounting policies and estimates follows.
produced and acquired/licensed content costs certain of our completed or in progress film and television productions have had their initial release dates delayed or canceled. the duration of the delay, market conditions when we release the content, or a change in our release strategy (e.g. bypassing certain distribution windows) could have an impact on ultimate revenues, which may accelerate amortization or result in an impairment of capitalized film and television production costs.
given the ongoing uncertainty around the resumption and continuation of live sporting events, the amount and timing of revenues derived from the broadcast of these events may differ from the projections of revenues that support our amortization pattern of the rights costs we pay for these events. such changes in revenues could result in an acceleration or slowing of the amortization of our sports rights costs.
table of contents revenue recognition certain of our affiliate contracts contain commitments with respect to the content to be aired on our television networks (e.g. live sports or original content). if there are delays or cancellations of live sporting events or disruptions to film and television content production activities, we may need to assess the impact on our contractual obligations and adjust the revenue that we recognize related to these contracts.
goodwill, other intangible assets, long-lived assets and investments given the ongoing impacts of covid-19 across our businesses, the projected cash flows that we use to assess the fair value of our businesses and assets for purposes of impairment testing are subject to greater uncertainty than normal. if in the future we reduce our estimate of cash flow projections, we may need to impair some of these assets.
our international channels reporting unit, which is part of the direct-to-consumer & international segment, comprises the company's international television networks. our international television networks primarily derive revenues from affiliate fees charged to mvpds for the right to deliver our programming under multi-year licensing agreements and the sales of advertising time/space on the networks. a majority of the operations in this reporting unit were acquired in the tfcf acquisition and therefore the fair value of these businesses approximated the carrying value at the date of the acquisition of tfcf.
the international channels business has been negatively impacted by the covid-19 pandemic resulting in decreased viewership and lower advertising revenue related to the availability of content, including the deferral or cancellation of certain live sporting events. the company's increased focus on dtc distribution in international markets is expected to negatively impact the international channels business as we shift the primary means of monetizing our film and television content from licensing of linear channels to use on our dtc services because the international channels reporting unit valuation does not include the value derived from this shift, which is reflected in other reporting units. in addition, the industry shift to dtc, including by us and many of our distributors, who are pursuing their own dtc strategies, has changed the competitive dynamics for the international channels business and resulted in unfavorable affiliation renewal terms for certain of our distribution agreements.
in the third quarter of fiscal 2020, we assessed the international channels' long-lived assets and goodwill for impairment and recorded impairments of $1.9 billion primarily related to mvpd agreement intangible assets and $3.1 billion related to goodwill.
see note 19 to the consolidated financial statements for discussion of the impairment tests performed in the third quarter of fiscal 2020.
risk management contracts the company employs a variety of financial instruments (derivatives) including interest rate and cross-currency swap agreements and forward and option contracts to manage its exposure to fluctuations in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and commodity prices.
changes to our hedged cash flows from a decrease in projected revenues of the company or reductions of projected usage of commodities as compared to our projections when we entered into hedges may cause us to recognize gains or losses on our hedging instruments in our income statement prior to when the hedged transaction was projected to occur.
new accounting pronouncements see note 20 to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding new accounting pronouncements.
forward-looking statements the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 provides a safe harbor for "forward-looking statements" made by or on behalf of the company. we may from time to time make written or oral statements that are "forward-looking," including statements contained in this report and other filings with the securities and exchange commission and in reports to our shareholders. such statements may, for example, express expectations, projections, estimates or future impacts; actions that we may take (or not take); or developments beyond our control, including changes in domestic or global economic conditions. all forward-looking statements are made on the basis of management's views and assumptions regarding future events and business performance as of the time the statements are made and the company does not undertake any obligation to update its disclosure relating to forward-looking matters. actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. significant factors affecting these expectations are set forth under item 1a - risk factors of this report on form 10-k as well as in this item 7 - management's discussion and analysis and item 1 - business.