item 1a. risk factors all of the risks and uncertainties described below and the other information included in this form 10-k should be considered and read carefully. the risks described below are not the only ones facing us. the occurrence of any of the following risks or additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. this form 10-k also contains forward-looking statements and estimates that involve risks and uncertainties. our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of specific factors, including the risks and uncertainties described below.
technology and data security risks security breaches and other disruptions to our information technology infrastructure could compromise company, consumer and customer information, interfere with our operations, cause us to incur significant costs for remediation and enhancement of our it systems and expose us to legal liability, all of which could have a substantial negative impact on our business and reputation.
we are a global data, analytics and technology company. in the ordinary course of business, we collect, process, transmit and store sensitive data, including intellectual property, proprietary business information and personally identifiable information of consumers, employees and strategic partners. the secure operation of our information technology networks and systems, and of the processing and maintenance of this information, is critical to our business operations and strategy. because our products and services involve the storage and transmission of personal information of consumers, we will routinely be the target of attempted cyber and other security threats by outside third parties, including technically sophisticated and well-resourced bad actors attempting to access or steal the data we store. insider or employee cyber and security threats are also a significant concern for all companies, including ours. despite our substantial investment in physical and technological security measures, employee training and contractual precautions, our information technology networks and infrastructure (or those of our third-party vendors and other service providers) are potentially vulnerable to unauthorized access to data or breaches of confidential information due to criminal conduct, attacks by hackers, employee or insider malfeasance and/or human error.
the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems are constantly evolving and often are not recognized until launched against a target, or even some time after. we may be unable to anticipate these techniques, implement adequate preventative measures or remediate any intrusion on a timely or effective basis even if our security measures are appropriate, reasonable, and/or comply with applicable legal requirements. certain efforts may be state-sponsored and supported by significant financial and technological resources, making them even more sophisticated and difficult to detect. further, we are in the process of transforming our applications and infrastructure technologies, and this transition to cloud-based technologies may expose us to additional cyber threats as we migrate our data from our legacy systems to cloud-based solutions hosted by third parties. although we have developed systems and processes that are designed to protect our data and customer data and to prevent data loss and other security breaches, and expect to continue to expend significant additional resources to bolster these protections, these security measures cannot provide absolute security.
in 2017, we experienced a cybersecurity incident following a criminal attack on our systems that involved the theft of personally identifiable information of u.s., canadian and u.k. consumers. if we experience additional breaches of our security measures, including from incidents that we fail to detect for a period of time, sensitive data may be accessed, stolen, disclosed or lost. any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could subject us to significant litigation, regulatory fines or penalties, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, competitive position, financial condition or results of operations. we cannot ensure that our insurance policies in the future will be adequate to cover losses from any future security breaches. for example, our $125.0 million cybersecurity insurance policy was not adequate to cover the losses we have incurred to date from the 2017 cybersecurity incident.
security breaches and the adverse publicity that may follow could also have a negative impact on our reputation and our relationship with our customers. for example, our reputation with consumers and other stakeholders and our customer relationships were damaged following the 2017 cybersecurity incident, resulting in a negative impact on our revenue. if we experience another material cybersecurity incident or are otherwise unable to demonstrate the security of our systems and the data we maintain and retain the trust of our customers, consumers and data suppliers, we could experience a substantial negative impact on our business.
if we fail to achieve and maintain key industry or technical certifications, our customers and business partners may stop doing business with us and we may not be able to win new business, which would negatively affect our revenue.
we are required by customers and business partners to obtain various industry or technical certifications. such certifications are critical to our business because certain of our current and potential customers and the contracts governing certain customer relationships, as well as certain of our data suppliers, require us to maintain them as a requirement of doing business. for example, as a result of the 2017 cybersecurity incident, we lost certain key certifications which caused certain customers and business partners to stop or pause doing business with us and temporarily limited our ability to win new business. we had to spend significant resources on remediation activities in order to obtain these key re-certifications. if we fail to achieve or maintain key industry or technical certifications as a result of another cybersecurity incident or for other reasons, customers and business partners may stop doing business with us and we may not be able to win new business, which would negatively affect our revenue.
strategy and market demand risks our business has been and will continue to be negatively impacted by the recent covid-19 outbreak.
we face various risks related to health epidemics, pandemics and similar outbreaks, including the global outbreak of covid-19 in 2020. the covid-19 pandemic and the mitigation efforts by governments to attempt to control its spread have adversely impacted the global economy, leading to reduced consumer spending and lending activities and disruptions and volatility in the global capital markets. our customers, and therefore our business and revenues, are sensitive to negative changes in general economic conditions. we experienced significant revenue declines in several of our markets as a result of covid-19. we expect that the negative impacts of the covid-19 pandemic on our operating revenue will continue until health and economic conditions improve.
we continue to work with our stakeholders (including customers, employees, consumers, suppliers, business partners and local communities) to responsibly address this global pandemic. we will continue to monitor the situation and assess possible implications to our business and our stakeholders and will take appropriate actions in an effort to mitigate adverse consequences. we cannot assure you that we will be successful in any such mitigation efforts. the extent to which the coronavirus will continue to negatively impact our operations will depend on future developments which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, including the duration of the outbreak, new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the covid-19 pandemic, outbreaks occurring at any of our facilities, the actions taken to control the spread of covid-19 or treat its impact, and changes in worldwide and u.s. economic conditions. further deteriorations in economic conditions, as a result of the covid-19 pandemic or otherwise, could lead to a further or prolonged decline in demand for our products and services and negatively impact our business. it may also impact financial markets and corporate credit markets which could adversely impact our access to financing or the terms of any such financing. we cannot at this time predict the extent of the impact of the covid-19 pandemic and its resulting economic impact, but it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. to the extent the covid-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this "item 1a. risk factors" and elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k, such as our need to generate sufficient cash flows to service our indebtedness and our ability to protect our information technology networks and infrastructure from unauthorized access, misuse, malware, phishing and other events that could have a security impact as a result of our remote working environment or otherwise.
the failure to realize the anticipated benefits of our technology transformation strategy could adversely impact our business and financial results.
we expect our technology transformation strategy, including our transition to cloud-based technologies, will significantly increase our efficiency and productivity, the functionality of our products and services, as well as decrease the cost of our overall systems infrastructure, all of which we expect will drive growth and have a positive effect on our business, competitive position and results of operations. this initiative is a major undertaking as we replace many of our previous operating systems with cloud-based systems. this complex, multifaceted and extensive initiative is expensive and may cause material unanticipated problems and expenses. if our new systems do not operate as expected, or the data we transition to the cloud changes in a material way, we may have to incur significant additional costs to make modifications and could lose customers as a result. moreover, we may experience issues with customer migration, as many of our customers may not migrate to cloud-based technologies on a timely basis or at all or may choose not to utilize our products and services during and after our transition to cloud-based technologies.
we cannot assure you that our technology transformation strategy will be beneficial to the extent, or within the timeframes, expected, or that the estimated efficiency, cost savings and other improvements will be realized as anticipated or at all. market acceptance of cloud-based offerings is affected by a variety of factors, including information security, reliability, performance, the sufficiency of technological infrastructure to support our products and services in certain geographies, customer and data provider concerns with entrusting a third party to store and manage its data as well as the customer's ability to access this data once a contract has expired, and consumer concerns regarding data privacy and the enactment of laws or regulations that restrict our ability to provide such services to customers. if we are unable to correctly respond to these issues, we may experience business disruptions, damage to our reputation, negative publicity, diminished customer trust and relationships and other adverse effects on our business. even if the anticipated benefits and savings are substantially realized, there may be consequences, internal control issues or business impacts that were not expected. our transition and migration to cloud-based technologies may increase our risk of liability and cause us to incur significant technical, legal or other costs.
the loss of access to credit, employment, financial and other data from external sources could harm our ability to provide our products and services.
we rely extensively upon data from external sources to maintain our proprietary and non-proprietary databases, including data received from customers, strategic partners and various government and public record sources. this data includes the widespread and voluntary contribution of credit data from most lenders in the u.s and many other markets as well as the contribution of data under proprietary contractual agreements, such as employers' contribution of employment and income data to the work number® and telecommunications, cable and utility companies' contribution of payment and fraud data to the national cable, telecommunications and utility exchange. for a variety of reasons, including concerns of data furnishers arising out of the 2017 cybersecurity incident, legislatively or judicially imposed restrictions on use, additional security breaches or competitive reasons, our data sources could withdraw, delay receipt of or increase the cost of their data provided to us. where we currently have exclusive use of data, the providers of the data sources could elect to make the information available to competitors. we also compete with several of our third-party data suppliers. if a substantial number of data sources or certain key data sources were to withdraw or be unable to provide their data, if we were to lose access to data due to government regulation, if we lose exclusive right to the use of data, or if the collection, disclosure or use of data becomes uneconomical, our ability to provide products and services to our clients could be adversely affected, which could result in decreased revenue, net income and earnings per share and reputational loss. there can be no assurance that we would be able to obtain data from alternative sources if our current sources become unavailable.
negative changes in general economic conditions, including interest rates, unemployment rates, income, home prices, investment values and consumer confidence, could adversely affect us.
our customers, and therefore our business and revenues, are sensitive to negative changes in general economic conditions, including the demand and availability of affordable credit and capital, the level and volatility of interest rates, inflation, employment levels, consumer confidence and housing demand, both inside and outside the united states. business customers use our credit information and related analytical services and data to process applications for new credit cards, automobile loans, home and equity loans and other consumer loans, and to manage their existing credit relationships. demand for our services tends to be correlated to general levels of economic activity and to consumer credit activity, which can be impacted by changes in interest rates. banks' and other lenders' willingness to extend credit are adversely affected by elevated consumer delinquency and loan losses in a weak economy. consumer demand for credit (i.e., rates of spending and levels of indebtedness) also tends to grow more slowly or decline during periods of economic contraction or slow economic growth.
our customer base suffers when financial markets experience volatility, illiquidity and disruption and the potential for increased and continuing disruptions going forward presents considerable risks to our business and revenue. high or rising rates of unemployment and interest, declines in income, home prices or investment values, lower consumer confidence and reduced access to credit adversely affect demand for many of our products and services, and consequently our revenue and results of operations, as consumers may postpone or reduce their spending and use of credit, and lenders may reduce the amount of credit offered or available.
our markets are highly competitive and new product introductions and pricing strategies being offered by our competitors could decrease our sales and market share or require us to enhance our products and services or reduce our prices in a manner that reduces our revenue and operating margins.
we operate in a number of geographic, product and service markets that are highly competitive. competitors may develop products and services that are superior to or that achieve greater market acceptance than our products and services. new competitors may choose to enter and compete in our markets, or existing competitors may choose to introduce new products and enter markets that we serve and that they do not currently serve. the size of our competitors varies across market segments, as do the resources we have allocated to the segments we target. therefore, some of our competitors may have significantly greater financial, technical, marketing or other resources than we do in one or more of our market segments, or overall. as a result, our competitors may be in a position to respond more quickly than we can to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements, or may devote greater resources than we can to the development, enhancement, promotion, sale and support of products and services, or some of our customers may develop products of their own that replace the products they currently purchase from us, which would result in lower revenue. in addition, many of our competitors have extensive consumer relationships, including relationships with our current and potential customers. moreover, new competitors or alliances among our competitors may emerge and potentially reduce our market share, revenue or margins.
we also sell our information to competing firms, and buy information from certain of our competitors, in order to sell "tri-bureau" and other products, most notably into the u.s. mortgage market. changes in prices between competitors for this information and/or changes in the design or sale of tri-bureau versus single or dual bureau product offerings may affect our revenue or profitability.
some of our competitors may choose to sell products that compete with ours at lower prices by accepting lower margins and profitability, or may be able to sell products competitive to ours at lower prices, individually or as a part of integrated suites, given proprietary ownership of data, technological superiority or economies of scale. price reductions by our competitors could negatively impact our revenue and operating margins and results of operations and could also harm our ability to obtain new customers on favorable terms. historically, certain of our key products have experienced declines in per unit pricing due to competitive factors and customer demand. since a significant portion of our operating expenses is relatively fixed in nature due to sales, information technology and development and other costs, if we were unable to respond quickly enough to changes in competition or customer demand, we could experience further reductions in our operating margins.
if our relationships with key customers are materially diminished or terminated, our business could suffer.
we have long-standing relationships with a number of our customers, many of whom could unilaterally terminate their relationship with us or materially reduce the amount of business they conduct with us at any time. many of our material customer agreements can be terminated by the customer for convenience on advance written notice, which provides our customers with the opportunity to renegotiate their contracts with us or to award more business to our competitors. there is no guarantee that we will be able to retain or renew existing agreements, maintain relationships with any of our customers or business partners on acceptable terms or at all, or collect amounts owed to us from insolvent customers or business partners. the loss of one or more of our major customers or business partners could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
if we do not introduce successful new products, services and analytical capabilities in a timely manner, or if the market does not adopt our new services, our competitiveness and operating results will suffer.
we generally sell our products in industries that are characterized by rapid technological changes, frequent new product and service introductions and changing industry standards. in addition, certain of the markets in which we operate are seasonal and cyclical. without the timely introduction of new products, services and enhancements, our products and services will become technologically or commercially obsolete over time, in which case our revenue and operating results would suffer. the success of our new products and services will depend on several factors, including our ability to properly identify customer needs; innovate and develop new technologies, services and applications; successfully commercialize new technologies in a timely manner; produce and deliver our products in sufficient volumes on time; differentiate our offerings from competitor offerings; price our products competitively; anticipate our competitors' development of new products, services or technological innovations; and control product quality in our product development process. our resources have to be committed to any new products and services before knowing whether the market will adopt the new offerings. in addition, our management is and will continue to be intensely focused on enhancing our security measures and our technology transformation and may not be able to devote as much time or resources to new product development, which could cause us to be less competitive as compared to our peers, lose out on new revenue opportunities and have an adverse effect on our growth and our business.
the demand for some of our products and services may be negatively impacted to the extent the availability of free or less expensive consumer information increases.
public or commercial sources of free or relatively inexpensive consumer credit, credit score and other information have become increasingly available, particularly through the internet, and this trend is expected to continue. in addition, governmental agencies in particular have increased the amount of information to which they provide free public access and these or other sources of free or relatively inexpensive consumer information from competitors or other commercial sources may reduce demand for our services, particularly in our usis and global consumer solutions business units. recently, there also has been an increase in companies offering free or low-cost direct-to-consumer credit services (such as credit scores, reports and monitoring) as part of alternative business models that use such services as a means to introduce consumers to other products and services. to the extent that our customers choose not to obtain services from us and instead rely on information obtained at no cost or relatively inexpensively from these other sources, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.
we rely, in part, on acquisitions, joint ventures and other alliances to grow our business and expand our geographic reach. the acquisition, integration or divestiture of businesses by us may not produce the expected financial, operating results or it and data security profile we expect. in addition, if we are unable to make acquisitions or successfully develop and maintain joint ventures and other alliances, our growth may be adversely impacted.
historically, we have relied, in part, on acquisitions, joint ventures and other alliances to grow our business. any acquisitions we do complete may not be on favorable terms, may involve greater-than-expected liabilities and expenses, potential impairments of tangible and intangible assets or significant write-offs and the expected benefits, synergies and growth from these initiatives may not materialize as planned. we may have difficulty assimilating new businesses and their products, services, technologies, it systems and personnel into our operations. it and data security profiles of acquired companies may not meet our technological standards and may take longer to integrate and remediate than planned. this may result in significantly greater transaction, remediation and integration costs for future acquisitions than we have experienced historically, or it could mean that we will not pursue certain acquisitions where the costs of integration and remediation are too significant. we may also have difficulty integrating and operating businesses in countries and geographies where we do not currently have a significant presence, and acquisitions of businesses having a significant presence outside of the u.s. will increase our exposure to risks of conducting operations in international markets. these difficulties could disrupt our ongoing business, distract our management and workforce, increase our expenses and adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
despite our past experience, opportunities to grow our business through acquisitions, joint ventures and other alliances may not be available to us in the future. in addition, our focus on data security and our technology transformation strategy, including our migration to cloud-based technologies may limit our ability to identify and complete acquisitions as we will have less time and resources to devote to identifying suitable acquisition candidates and our technological criteria and standards for acquisition candidates may increase.
if our government contracts are terminated, if we are suspended from government work, or if our ability to compete for new contracts is adversely affected, our business could suffer.
we derive a portion of our revenue from direct and indirect sales to u.s., state and local governments and their respective agencies. such contracts are subject to various procurement laws and regulations, and contract provisions relating to their formation, administration and performance. failure to comply with these laws, regulations or provisions in our government contracts could result in the imposition of various civil and criminal penalties, termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments or suspension of future government contracting. a number of our federal government contracts have received enhanced scrutiny and media attention due to the sensitive nature of the data we handle and due to the importance of the government programs we support. if we experience another material cybersecurity incident, if public scrutiny and pressure related to government services we support turns negative or if we experience uptime issues or performance problems, our ability to maintain existing or acquire new government contracts may be substantially impacted.
also, the government programs to which we provide services, or which are the bases of compliance services we provide non-governmental clients, including, in particular, the employer requirements under the affordable care act, may be terminated or substantially altered by the government and our services would no longer be needed. if our government contracts are terminated, if we are suspended from government work, if the services we provide are no longer needed due to government program change or termination, or if our ability to compete for new contracts is adversely affected, our business could suffer.
operational risks our technology transformation strategy places a significant strain on our management, operational, financial and other limited resources.
as part of our technology transformation strategy, we are transitioning and migrating our data systems from traditional data centers to cloud-based platforms. this initiative places significant strain on our management, personnel, operations, systems, technical performance and financial resources and internal financial control and reporting function. in addition, many of our existing personnel do not have experience with native cloud-based technologies and, as a result, we have and will continue to hire personnel with such experience. this effort has been, and will continue to be, time consuming and costly. our technology transformation strategy requires management time and resources to educate employees and implement new ways of conducting business. the dedication of resources to our technology transformation strategy and cloud-based technologies limits the resources we have available to devote to other initiatives or growth opportunities, or to invest in the maintenance of our existing internal systems. we cannot guarantee that our strategy is the right one or that investments in alternative technologies or other initiatives would not be a better use of our limited resources.
additionally, as a result of our cloud migration efforts in connection with our technology transformation strategy, we may experience a loss of continuity, loss of accumulated knowledge or loss of efficiency during transitional periods. reorganization and transition can require a significant amount of management and other employees' time and focus, which may divert attention from operating activities and growing our business. if we fail to achieve some or all of the expected benefits of these activities, it could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our transition to cloud-based technologies could expose us to operational disruptions.
we rely on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of complex information technology systems and networks, some of which are managed internally within the company and some of which are outsourced to third parties. as part of our technology transformation strategy, we are upgrading a significant portion of the information technology systems used to operate our business and replacing them with cloud-based solutions. this transition will require substantial changes to our software and network infrastructure, which could lead to system interruptions, affect our data systems and further expose us to operational disruptions, and cause us to lose customers, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
upon implementation of the new cloud-based solutions, much of our information technology systems will consist of outsourced, cloud-based infrastructure, platform and software-as-a-service solutions not under our direct management or control. any disruption to either the outsourced systems or the communication links between us and the outsourced supplier could negatively affect our ability to operate our data systems and could impair our ability to provide services to our customers. we may incur additional costs to remedy the damages caused by these disruptions.
if our systems do not meet customer requirements for response time or high availability, or we experience system constraints or failures, or our customers do not migrate to the cloud or modify and/or upgrade their systems to accept new releases of our products and services, our services to our customers could be delayed or interrupted, which could result in lost revenues or customers, lower margins, service level penalties or other harm to our business and reputation.
our customers expect high system availability and response time performance, as well as a very high degree of system resilience. we depend on reliable, stable, efficient and uninterrupted operation of our technology network, systems, and data centers to provide service to our customers. many of the services and systems upon which we rely have been outsourced to third parties. in addition, many of our revenue streams are dependent on links to third party telecommunications providers. these systems and operations, and the personnel that support, service and operate these systems, could be exposed to interruption, damage or destruction from power loss, telecommunication failures, computer viruses, denial-of-service or other cyber attacks, employee or insider malfeasance, human error, fire, natural disasters, war, terrorist acts or civil unrest. we may not have sufficient disaster recovery or redundant operations in place to cover a loss or failure of systems or telecommunications links in a timely manner.
in addition, as part of our technology transformation, we are seeking to migrate our customers from traditional data platforms to cloud-based products and services. many of our customers may not migrate to cloud-based technologies on a timely basis or at all, or may choose not to utilize our products and services during and after our transition to cloud-based technologies. if our customers' timelines prevent them from migrating to cloud-based technologies quickly enough, they will remain on our legacy infrastructure, which could expose them to system availability and response time performance issues.
any significant system interruption or series of minor interruptions could result in the loss of customers and/or lost revenues, lower margins, service level penalties or other significant harm to our business or reputation.
dependence on outsourcing certain portions of our operations may adversely affect our ability to bring products to market and damage our reputation. dependence on outsourced information technology and other administrative functions may impair our ability to operate effectively.
as part of our technology transformation, we have outsourced various components of our application development, information technology, operational support and administrative functions and will continue to evaluate additional outsourcing. if our outsourcing vendors fail to perform their obligations in a timely manner or at satisfactory quality levels including with respect to data and system security, or increase prices for their services to unreasonable levels, our ability to bring products to market and support our customers and our reputation could suffer. any failure to perform on the part of these third-party providers could impair our ability to operate effectively and could result in lower future revenue, unrealized efficiencies and adversely impact our results of operations and our financial condition. some of our outsourcing takes place in developing countries and, as a result, may be subject to geopolitical uncertainty.
our business will suffer if we are not able to retain and hire key personnel.
our future success, including our ability to implement our technology transformation strategy, depends partly on the continued service of our key development, sales, marketing, executive and administrative personnel. additionally, increased retention risk exists in certain key areas of our operations, such as it and data security, which require specialized skills, such as migrating legacy computer systems to the cloud, data security expertise and analytical modeling. if we fail to retain and hire a sufficient number of these personnel, we will not be able to maintain or expand our business. as part of our technology transformation strategy, we have hired or contracted with a significant number of new employees and contract workers. hiring, on-boarding training, motivating, retaining and managing employees with the skills required is time-consuming and expensive. there is intense competition for certain highly technical specialties in geographic areas where we continue to recruit, and it may become more difficult to retain our key employees. if we are not able to hire sufficient employees to support our technology transformation, or to train, motivate, retain and manage the employees we do hire, it could have a material adverse effect on our business operations or financial results.
global operational risks economic, political and other risks associated with international sales and operations could adversely affect our results of operations.
sales outside the u.s. comprised 22% of our total revenue in 2020. as a result, our business is subject to various risks associated with doing business internationally and these risks may differ in each jurisdiction we operate depending on the particular product or service we offer in the jurisdiction. in addition, many of our employees, suppliers, job functions and facilities are located outside the u.s. accordingly, our future results could be harmed by a variety of factors including:
•changes in specific country or region political, economic or other conditions;
•data privacy and consumer protection laws and regulations;
•differing labor, intellectual property protection and technology standards and regulations;
•business licensing requirements or other requirements relating to making foreign direct investments, which could increase our cost of doing business in certain jurisdictions, prevent us from entering certain markets, increase our operating costs or lead to penalties or restrictions;
•difficulties associated with repatriating cash generated or held abroad in a tax-efficient manner;
•implementation of exchange controls;
•geopolitical instability, including terrorism and war;
•foreign currency changes;
•increased travel, infrastructure, legal and compliance costs of multiple international locations;
•foreign laws and regulatory requirements;
•terrorist activity, natural disasters, pandemics and other catastrophic events;
•restrictions on the import and export of technologies;
•difficulties in enforcing contracts and collecting accounts receivable;
•failure to meet quality standards for outsourced work;
•the presence and acceptance of varying level of business corruption in international markets; and
•varying business practices in foreign countries.
we earn revenue, pay expenses, own assets and incur liabilities in countries using currencies other than the u.s. dollar, including among others the british pound, the australian dollar, the canadian dollar, the argentine peso, the chilean peso, the euro, the new zealand dollar, the costa rican colon, the singapore dollar, the brazilian real, the russian ruble and the indian rupee. because our consolidated financial statements are presented in u.s. dollars, we must translate revenue, income and expenses, as well as assets and liabilities, into u.s. dollars at exchange rates in effect during or at the end of each reporting period. therefore, increases or decreases in the value of the u.s. dollar against major currencies will affect our operating revenues, operating income and the value of balance sheet items denominated in foreign currencies. we generally do not mitigate the risks associated with fluctuating exchange rates, although we may from time to time through forward contracts or other derivative instruments hedge a portion of our translational foreign currency exposure or exchange rate risks associated with material transactions which are denominated in a foreign currency. the use of such hedging activities may not offset any or more than a portion of the adverse financial effects of unfavorable movements in foreign exchange rates over the limited time the hedges are in place. accordingly, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly the strengthening of the u.s. dollar against major currencies, may materially affect our consolidated financial results.
compliance with applicable u.s. and foreign laws and regulations, such as anti-corruption laws, tax laws, foreign exchange controls and restrictions on repatriation of earnings or other similar restraints, data privacy requirements, labor laws and anti-competition relations increases the cost of doing business in foreign jurisdictions. although we have implemented policies and procedures to comply with these laws and regulations, a violation by our employees, contractors or agents could nevertheless occur.
we are subject to risks and uncertainties associated with the u.k.'s withdrawal from the eu (referred to as "brexit"), including implications for the free flow of labor and goods in the u.k. and the eu and other financial, legal, tax and trade implications. brexit could cause disruptions to and create uncertainty surrounding our business in the u.k., including affecting our relationships with our existing and future customers, suppliers and employees, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial results and operations.
legal and regulatory risks as part of a global settlement, we entered into agreements with various parties to settle the u.s. consumer mdl litigation and certain federal and state government investigations arising out of the 2017 cybersecurity incident. if we are unable to comply with our obligations under these agreements, if the u.s. consumer mdl litigation settlement is not upheld on appeal, or if other lawsuits or investigations are filed or commenced, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition.
in july 2019, the company entered into multiple agreements that resolve the u.s. consolidated consumer class action cases, captioned in re: equifax, inc. customer data security breach litigation, mdl no. 2800 (consumer cases) (the "u.s. consumer mdl litigation"), and the investigations of the ftc, the cfpb, the attorneys general of 48 states, the district of columbia and puerto rico (the "msag group") and the nydfs (collectively, the "consumer settlement") relating to the 2017 cybersecurity incident. on january 13, 2020, the u.s. district court for the northern district of georgia (the "court") entered an order granting final approval of the settlement in connection with the u.s. consumer mdl litigation, from which several objectors have appealed. until the appeals are finally adjudicated or dismissed and the settlement becomes final in accordance with its terms, we can provide no assurance that the u.s. consumer mdl litigation will be resolved as contemplated by the settlement agreement. if the court's order approving the settlement agreement was overturned by an appellate court and not cured in accordance with the terms of the consent orders with the ftc and cfpb, the consent orders with the ftc, cfpb and msag group would remain in place and the consumer restitution fund (as defined below) would be administered by the ftc. in that event, there is a risk that we would not be able to settle the u.s. consumer mdl litigation on acceptable terms or at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition.
in addition to the monetary payments and consumer redress, we also agreed as part of the consumer settlement to implement certain business practice commitments related to consumer assistance and our information security program, including third party assessments of our program. these business practice commitments are extensive and require a significant amount of attention from management. to the extent we are unable to comply or we are viewed as not being in compliance with these business practice commitments or other requirements of a relevant order, we could face an enforcement action or contempt proceeding that could potentially result in fines, penalties and new business practice commitments, which, depending on the amount and type, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition.
in addition, other lawsuits and investigations related to the 2017 cybersecurity incident are still outstanding and additional lawsuits or investigations may be filed, commenced or issued. the resolution of these additional matters may result in damages, costs, fines or penalties, which, depending on the amount, could be material to the company's consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows in future periods. any future losses we incur as a result of the incident will not be covered by insurance.
we and our customers are subject to various current laws and governmental regulations, and could be affected by new and evolving consumer privacy and cybersecurity or other data-related laws or regulations, compliance with which may cause us to incur significant expenses and change our business practices, and if we fail to maintain satisfactory compliance with certain laws and regulations, we could be subject to civil or criminal penalties.
we are subject to a number of u.s. federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to consumer privacy, cybersecurity, data and financial protection. see "item 1. business-governmental regulation" in this form 10-k for a summary of the u.s. and foreign consumer and data protection laws and regulations to which we are subject. these regulations are complex, change frequently, have tended to become more stringent over time, and are subject to administrative interpretation and judicial construction in ways that could harm our business. in addition, new laws and regulations at the state and federal level are enacted or considered frequently. examples of such new and evolving laws and regulations include amendments to the fcra requiring the provision of free credit freezes to consumers, cybersecurity and other requirements promulgated by the new york department of financial services, the ccpa which took effect on january 1, 2020, the california data broker registration requirements that took effect on january 31, 2020, and the cpra taking effect on january 1, 2023. furthermore, we expect there to be an increased focus on laws and regulations related to our business, including by the new u.s. presidential administration and the new u.s. congress, because of the great public concern in the u.s. with regard to the operation of credit reporting agencies, as well as the collection, use, accuracy, correction and sharing of personal information. we also use algorithms, artificial intelligence and machine learning in our business processes. there are a number of legislative proposals pending before the u.s. congress, various state legislative bodies and foreign governments concerning privacy or cybersecurity that could affect us. the canadian government has initiated a review of consumer privacy laws, and several u.s. states have introduced varying comprehensive privacy laws modeled to some degree on the ccpa and/or the gdpr. compliance with multiple state laws containing varying requirements could be complicated and costly. in europe, although the gdpr already includes certain provisions relating to the automated processing of personal data, there has also been discussion of new legislative proposals to regulate business use of artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies which, if enacted, could impose new legal requirements addressing among other issues, privacy, discrimination and human rights. the specifics of such legislation and the number of jurisdictions that will introduce legislation in this area remain unclear at this time. in addition, a growing number of legislative and regulatory bodies have adopted consumer notification and other requirements in the event that consumer information is accessed or acquired by unauthorized persons and additional regulations regarding the use, access, accuracy and security of such data are possible. in the u.s., state laws provide for disparate notification regimes, all of which we are subject to. further, any perception that our practices or products are an invasion of privacy, whether or not consistent with current or future regulations and industry practices, may subject us to public criticism, private class actions, reputational harm, or claims by regulators, which could disrupt our business and expose us to increased liability.
we devote substantial compliance, legal and operational business resources to strive for compliance with applicable regulations and requirements. in the future, we may be subject to significant additional expense related to compliance with applicable laws and regulations, including new laws and evolving interpretations that are difficult to predict, and to investigate, defend or remedy actual or alleged violations. additionally, we cooperate with cfpb supervisory examinations and respond to other state, federal and foreign government examinations of or inquiries into our business practices. the enactment of new laws and how they are interpreted could impact our business. in particular, legislative activity in the privacy area may result in new laws that are applicable to us and that may hinder our business, for example, by restricting use or sharing of consumer data, including for marketing or advertising or limiting the use of, or otherwise regulating artificial intelligence and machine learning, including the use of algorithms and automated processing in ways that could materially affect our business, or which may lead to significant increases in the cost of compliance. any failure by us to comply with, or remedy any violations of, applicable laws and regulations, could result in new costs for our operations, the curtailment of certain of our operations, the imposition of fines and penalties, liability to private plaintiffs as a result of individual or class action litigation, restrictions on the operation of our business and reputational harm. it is difficult to predict the impact on our business if we were subject to allegations of having violated existing laws. for example, in europe, the gdpr, which includes extensive regulations for certain security incidents, could result in fines of up to four percent of annual worldwide "turnover" (a measure similar to revenues in the u.s.). in addition, because many of our products are regulated or sold to customers in various industries, we must comply with additional regulations in marketing our products. moreover, our compliance with privacy laws and regulations and our reputation depend in part on customers' adherence to privacy laws and regulations and their use of our services in ways consistent with consumer expectations and regulatory requirements. we cannot predict the ultimate impact on our business of new or proposed rules, supervisory examinations or government investigations or enforcement actions.
the following legal and regulatory developments also could have a substantial negative impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations:
•amendment, enactment or interpretation of laws and regulations that restrict the access and use of personal information and reduce the availability or effectiveness of our solutions or the supply of data available to customers;
•changes in cultural and consumer attitudes in favor of further restrictions on information collection and sharing, which may lead to regulations that prevent full utilization of our solutions;
•failure of data suppliers or customers to comply with laws or regulations, where mutual compliance is required;
•failure of our solutions to comply with current laws and regulations; and
•failure of our solutions to adapt to changes in the regulatory environment in an efficient, cost effective manner.
these laws and regulations (as well as actions that may be taken by legislatures and regulatory bodies in other countries) and the consequences of any violation could limit our ability to pursue business opportunities we might otherwise consider engaging in, impose additional costs on us, result in significant loss of revenue, result in significant restitution and fines, impact the value of assets we hold, or otherwise adversely affect our business.
the cfpb has supervisory and examination authority over our business and may initiate enforcement actions with regard to our compliance with federal consumer financial laws.
the cfpb, which was established under the dodd-frank act and commenced operations in july 2011, has broad authority over our business. this includes authority to issue regulations under federal consumer financial protection laws, such as under fcra and other laws applicable to us and our financial customers. the cfpb is authorized to prevent "unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices" through its regulatory, supervisory and enforcement authority.
in 2012, credit reporting companies like us became subject to a federal supervision program for the first time under the cfpb's authority to supervise and examine certain non-depository institutions that are "larger participants" of the consumer credit reporting market. the cfpb conducts examinations and investigations, and may issue subpoenas and bring civil actions in federal court for violations of the federal consumer financial laws including fcra. in these proceedings, the cfpb can seek relief that includes: rescission or reformation of contracts, restitution, disgorgement of profits, payment of damages, limits on activities and civil money penalties of up to $1.0 million per day for known violations. the cfpb conducts periodic examinations of us and the consumer credit reporting industry, which could result in new regulations or enforcement actions or proceedings. actions by the cfpb could result in requirements to alter or cease offering affected products and services, making them less attractive and restricting our ability to offer them.
although we have committed resources to enhancing our compliance programs, actions by the cfpb or other regulators against us could result in reputational harm. our compliance costs and legal and regulatory exposure could increase materially if the cfpb or other regulators enact new regulations, change regulations that were previously adopted, modify through supervision or enforcement past regulatory guidance, or interpret existing regulations in a manner different or stricter than have been previously interpreted.
regulatory oversight of our contractual relationships with certain of our customers may adversely affect our business.
the federal banking agencies, including the office of the comptroller of the currency, the federal deposit insurance corporation, the board of governors of the federal reserve system and the cfpb, as well as many state banking agencies have issued guidance to insured depository institutions and other providers of financial services on assessing and managing risks associated with third-party relationships, which include all business arrangements between a financial services provider and another entity, by contract or otherwise, and generally requires banks and financial services providers to exercise comprehensive oversight throughout each phase of a bank or financial service provider's business arrangement with third-party service providers, and instructs banks and financial service providers to adopt risk management processes commensurate with the level of risk and complexity of their third-party relationships. this guidance requires more rigorous oversight of third-party relationships that involve certain "critical activities." in light of this guidance, our existing or potential bank and financial services customers subject to this guidance may continue to revise their third-party risk management policies and processes and the terms on which they do business with us, which may adversely affect our relationship with such customers. in 2018, we entered into a consent order with certain state banking regulators in response to their multi-state review of our information security program. this consent order obligates us to, among other things, make certain changes to our corporate governance and information security practices. if we are unable or otherwise fail to comply with this consent order, our ability to do business with financial institutions in those states could be impaired. it is possible that the consent order or other actions resulting from examinations by federal or state banking regulators could lead to adverse changes in our customer relationships.
we are regularly involved in claims, suits, government investigations, supervisory examinations and other proceedings that may result in adverse outcomes.
we are regularly involved in claims, suits, government investigations, supervisory examinations and regulatory proceedings arising from the ordinary course of our business, including actions with respect to consumer protection and data protection, including purported class action lawsuits. such claims, suits, government investigations and proceedings are inherently uncertain and their results cannot be predicted with certainty. regardless of their outcome, such legal proceedings can have an adverse impact on us because of legal costs, diversion of management and other personnel, and other factors. in addition, it is possible that a resolution of one or more such proceedings could result in reputational harm, liability, penalties or sanctions, as well as judgments, consent decrees or orders preventing us from offering certain features, functionalities, products or services, or requiring a change in our business practices, products or technologies, which could in the future materially and adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. the fcra contains an attorney fee shifting provision that provides an incentive for consumers to bring individual and class action lawsuits against a cra for violation of the fcra, and the number of consumer lawsuits (both individual and class action) against us alleging a violation of the fcra and our resulting costs associated with resolving these lawsuits have increased substantially over the past several years.
third parties may claim that we are infringing on their intellectual property and we could suffer significant litigation or licensing expenses or be prevented from selling products or services.
there has been substantial litigation in the u.s. regarding intellectual property rights in the information technology industry. from time to time, third parties may make claims that one or more of our products or services infringe their intellectual property rights. we analyze and take action in response to each such claim on a case by case basis. a dispute or litigation regarding patents or other intellectual property can be costly and time-consuming due to the complexity of our technology and the inherent uncertainty of intellectual property litigation, could divert our management and key personnel from our business operations, and we may not prevail. a claim of intellectual property infringement could force us to enter into a costly or restrictive license agreement, which might not be available under acceptable terms or at all, or could subject us to significant damages or to an injunction against development and sale of certain of our products or services. our intellectual property portfolio may not be useful in asserting a counterclaim, or providing commercial leverage for negotiating a license, in response to a claim of intellectual property infringement. in certain of our businesses we rely on third-party intellectual property licenses and we cannot ensure that these licenses will be available to us in the future on favorable terms or at all. although our policy is to obtain licenses or other rights where necessary, we cannot provide assurance that we have obtained all required licenses or rights.
third parties may misappropriate or infringe on our intellectual property and we may suffer competitive injury or expend significant resources enforcing our rights.
our success increasingly depends on our proprietary technology and its ability to differentiate us from our competitors. we rely on various intellectual property rights, including patents, copyrights, database rights, trademarks and trade secrets, as well as contract restrictions, confidentiality provisions and licensing arrangements, to establish and protect our proprietary rights. the extent to which such rights can be protected varies in different jurisdictions. if we do not protect and enforce our intellectual property rights successfully, our competitive position may suffer which could harm our operating results. our pending patent and trademark applications may not be allowed or competitors may challenge the validity or scope of our intellectual property rights. in addition, our patents, copyrights, trademarks and other intellectual property rights may not provide us a significant competitive advantage.
we may need to devote significant resources to monitoring our intellectual property rights and we may or may not be able to detect misappropriation or infringement by third parties. our competitive position may be harmed if we cannot detect misappropriation or infringement and enforce our intellectual property rights quickly or at all. in some circumstances, enforcement may not be available to us because a third party has a dominant intellectual property position or for other business reasons. in addition, competitors might avoid infringement by designing around our intellectual property rights or by developing non-infringing competing technologies. intellectual property rights and our ability to enforce them may be unavailable or limited in some countries, which could make it easier for competitors to capture market share and could result in lost revenue.
financial market risks our retirement and post-retirement pension plans are subject to financial market risks that could adversely affect our future results of operations and cash flows.
we have significant retirement and post-retirement pension plan assets and obligations. the performance of the financial markets and interest rates impact our plan expenses and funding obligations. significant decreases in interest rates, decreases in the fair value of plan assets and investment losses on plan assets will increase our funding obligations, and adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows.
item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations as used herein, the terms equifax, the company, we, our and us refer to equifax inc., a georgia corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries as a combined entity, except where it is clear that the terms mean only equifax inc.
all references to earnings per share data in management's discussion and analysis, or md&a, are to diluted earnings per share, or eps, unless otherwise noted. diluted eps is calculated to reflect the potential dilution that would occur if stock options or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised and resulted in additional common shares outstanding.
business overview equifax inc. is a global data, analytics and technology company. we provide information solutions and human resources business process outsourcing services for businesses, governments and consumers. we have a large and diversified group of clients, including financial institutions, corporations, governments and individuals. our services are based on comprehensive databases of consumer and business information derived from numerous sources including credit, financial assets, telecommunications and utility payments, employment, income, demographic and marketing data. we use advanced statistical techniques, machine learning and proprietary software tools to analyze available data to create customized insights, decision-making solutions and processing services for our clients. we also provide information, technology and services to support debt collections and recovery management. additionally, we are a leading provider of payroll-related and human resource management business process outsourcing services in the united states of america, or u.s. for consumers, we provide products and services to help people understand, manage and protect their personal information and make more informed financial decisions.
we currently operate in four global regions: north america (u.s. and canada), asia pacific (australia, new zealand and india), europe (the united kingdom, or u.k., spain and portugal) and latin america (argentina, chile, costa rica, ecuador, el salvador, honduras, mexico, paraguay, peru and uruguay). we maintain support operations in the republic of ireland, chile, costa rica and india. we also offer equifax branded credit services in russia through a joint venture, have investments in consumer and/or commercial credit information companies through joint ventures in cambodia, malaysia, singapore and the united arab emirates and have an investment in a consumer and commercial credit information company in brazil.
recent events and company outlook as further described above, we operate in the united states, which represented 78% of our revenue in 2020, and internationally in 24 countries. our products and services span a wide variety of vertical markets including financial services, mortgage, federal, state and local governments, automotive, telecommunications and many others.
on march 11, 2020, the world health organization designated the novel coronavirus disease ("covid-19") as a global pandemic. the impact of covid-19 and related actions to attempt to control its spread began to impact our consolidated operating results in march 2020. the impact on the operating results in each country in which we operate differed based on the conditions and the vertical markets we serve in that country. in the united states, consolidated revenue grew in each calendar quarter of 2020, compared to 2019, reflecting very strong mortgage market related revenue in both usis and workforce solutions, and, to a lesser degree, higher revenue growth in our workforce solutions unemployment claims management business. however, in the u.s., we experienced year-over-year revenue declines in most other vertical markets including commercial, financial services and telecommunications. internationally, all countries in which we operate experienced revenue declines, across most vertical markets. the year-over-year reductions in countries and vertical markets referenced were most pronounced in the second quarter and improved during the third and fourth quarters. although some countries continue to show year-over-year declines, performance in the fourth quarter of 2020 has improved from the levels seen in the third quarter and several vertical markets and countries have reported year over year growth as market conditions improve. we are unable to determine the severity or duration of the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on equifax or how the impact on the individual markets in the countries we serve will change with time. although consolidated revenue has grown during 2020 when compared to 2019, due to the uncertain effects on the global economy caused by the impact of covid-19, the impact on our future results of operations related to the covid-19 pandemic are unclear.
we expect that the global covid-19 pandemic will continue to impact our business and results of operations. while the covid-19 pandemic affects the countries in which we operate, our critical priorities are:
(ii)providing support to consumers;
(iii)helping our customers execute their changing business plans by providing innovative solutions combining our unique data assets and leading analytical and technology capabilities; and
(iv)executing on our cloud technology, data and security transformation per our previously stated plans.
in the first quarter of 2020, we executed on our business continuity plans and formed a crisis management team to address the challenges related to the ongoing covid-19 pandemic. in march and april 2020, our employees worked from home in each country where we operate, with only essential employees in customer support and data center operations working on site at our facilities. beginning in may, in jurisdictions where local restrictions implemented to prevent the further spread of the virus were lifted, our employees began to return to their assigned offices, with limits placed on the number of employees on site at one time. for employees working at our offices and facilities, we have instituted social distancing protocols, increased the level of cleaning and sanitizing in those facilities and undertaken other actions to make these sites safer. we have also substantially reduced employee travel to only essential business needs. as part of our business continuity plans, we are generally following the requirements and protocols published by the u.s. centers for disease control and the world health organization, and state and local governments. if public health authorities dictate further measures to limit further spread of the virus, we may need to reinstate our business continuity plans in certain countries or regions in which we operate. as of the date of this filing, we do not believe our work from home and return to office protocol have materially adversely impacted our internal controls, financial reporting systems or our operations.
our data and analytics, product and sales teams are focused on how to refine existing products and services, as well as generate new products and services, to meet the changing needs of our customers in this environment. our technology teams continue to execute on our cloud technology, data and security transformation, including the continued migration of our technology to cloud native environments. to date, the change to our working environment has not caused material disruptions in the execution of these plans.
as a response to the ongoing covid-19 pandemic, we have implemented plans to manage our costs. we have significantly limited the addition of new employees and third party contracted services, eliminated all travel except where necessary to meet customer or regulatory needs, and acted to limit discretionary spending. recovery of the global economy from the covid-19 induced recession remains uncertain and may require several years to return to economic levels experienced prior to the pandemic and may affect certain markets or regions we serve differently. any future asset impairment charges, increase in allowance for doubtful accounts, or restructuring charges could be more likely and will be dependent on the severity and duration of this crisis.
at december 31, 2020, we had approximately $1.7 billion in cash and $1.1 billion available to borrow under our revolving credit facility that matures in september 2023. in the second quarter of 2020, we amended our revolving credit facility to increase the maximum leverage ratio through 2021 to provide us with additional financial flexibility.
in light of the evolving health, social, economic and business environment, governmental regulations or mandates, and business disruptions that could occur, the potential impact that covid-19 could have on our financial condition and operating results remains highly uncertain.
for more information, see "item 1a. risk factors-our business has been and will continue to be negatively impacted by the recent covid-19 outbreak," in this form 10-k.
2017 cybersecurity incident in 2017, we experienced a cybersecurity incident following a criminal attack on our systems that involved the theft of certain personally identifiable information of u.s., canadian and u.k. consumers. criminals exploited a software vulnerability in a u.s. website application to gain unauthorized access to our network. in march 2017, the u.s. department of homeland security distributed a notice concerning the software vulnerability. we undertook efforts to identify and remediate vulnerable systems; however, the vulnerability in the website application that was exploited was not identified by our security processes. we discovered unusual network activity in late-july 2017 and upon discovery promptly investigated the activity. once the activity was identified as potential unauthorized access, we acted to stop the intrusion and engaged a leading, independent cybersecurity firm to conduct a forensic investigation to determine the scope of the unauthorized access, including the specific information impacted. based on our forensic investigation, the unauthorized access occurred from mid-may 2017 through july 2017. no evidence was found that the company's core consumer, employment and income, or commercial reporting databases were accessed. on february 10, 2020, the u.s. department of justice announced that four members of the chinese people's liberation army were indicted on criminal charges for their involvement in the 2017 cybersecurity incident.
product liability.  as a result of the 2017 cybersecurity incident, we offered trustedid® premier, a credit file monitoring and identity theft protection product, for free to all eligible u.s. consumers who signed up through january 31, 2018. in late 2018, the company extended the free credit monitoring services for an additional twelve months for eligible consumers impacted by the 2017 cybersecurity incident by providing them the opportunity to enroll in experian® idnotifytm at no cost. we also provided free credit reports and scores, credit monitoring and identity theft protection for twenty four months to impacted consumers in canada and the u.k. we have recorded the expenses necessary to provide this service to those who signed up. the remaining product liability balance at december 31, 2020 and 2019 was not material to the consolidated financial statements.
litigation, claims and government investigations.  as a result of the 2017 cybersecurity incident, we were subject to a significant number of proceedings and investigations as described in part i, "item 3. legal proceedings" in this form 10-k. we did not record any settlement expenses related to the resolution of these proceedings and investigations for the twelve months ended december 31, 2020. we recorded expenses, net of insurance recoveries, of $800.9 million in other current liabilities and selling, general, and administrative expenses in our consolidated balance sheets and statements of income (loss), respectively, as of and for the twelve months ended december 31, 2019, exclusive of our legal and professional services expenses and net of insurance recoveries. the amount accrued represents our best estimate of the liability related to these matters. the company will continue to evaluate information as it becomes known and adjust accruals for new information and further developments in accordance with asc 450-20-25.
future costs. we are currently executing substantial initiatives in security and consumer support, and a company-wide transformation of our technology infrastructure, which we refer to as our technology transformation, and incurred substantial increased expenses and capital expenditures in 2018, 2019 and 2020 related to these initiatives. we expect to continue to incur additional expenses and capital expenditures in 2021 related to these initiatives, although at reduced levels as those incurred in 2020.
we incurred significant legal and professional services expenses in 2019 related to the lawsuits, claims and government investigations to which we were a party in 2019, and expect to continue to incur these expenses until all matters are fully resolved. however, as expected, the level of legal and professional service expenses related to these matters was significantly lower in 2020 due to the settlement of all of the significant matters in the u.s.
we will recognize the expenses and capital expenditures referenced herein as they are incurred.
insurance coverage.  at the time of the 2017 cybersecurity incident, we had $125.0 million of cybersecurity insurance coverage, above a $7.5 million deductible, to limit our exposure to losses such as those related to this incident. since the announcement of the 2017 cybersecurity incident in september 2017, we have received the maximum reimbursement under the insurance policy of $125.0 million. we also maintained a directors and officers insurance policy of which we have recorded our estimated maximum recoveries as of december 31, 2020.
segment and geographic information segments. the usis segment consists of three service lines: online information solutions, mortgage solutions, and financial marketing services. online information solutions and mortgage solutions revenue is principally transaction-based and is derived from our sales of products such as consumer and commercial credit reporting and scoring, identity management, fraud detection and modeling services. usis also markets certain decisioning software services which facilitate and automate a variety of consumer and commercial credit-oriented decisions. financial marketing services revenue is principally project and subscription based and is derived from our sales of batch credit and consumer wealth information such as those that assist clients in acquiring new customers, cross-selling to existing customers and managing portfolio risk.
the workforce solutions segment consists of the verification services and employer services business lines. verification services revenue is transaction-based and is derived primarily from employment and income verification. employer services revenue is derived from our provision of certain human resources business process outsourcing services that include both transaction and subscription based product offerings. these services include unemployment claims management, employment-based tax credit services and other complementary employment-based transaction services.
the international segment consists of asia pacific, europe, latin america and canada. canada's services are similar to our usis offerings. asia pacific, europe and latin america are made up of varying mixes of service lines that are generally consistent with those in our usis reportable segment. we also provide information and technology services to support lenders and other creditors in the collections and recovery management process.
global consumer solutions revenue is both transaction and subscription based and is derived from the sale of credit monitoring and identity theft protection products, which we deliver electronically to consumers primarily via the internet in the u.s., canada, and the u.k. we also sell consumer and credit information to resellers who combine our information with other information to provide direct-to-consumer monitoring, reports and scores.
geographic information. we currently have operations in the following countries: argentina, australia, canada, chile, costa rica, ecuador, el salvador, honduras, india, mexico, new zealand, paraguay, peru, portugal, the republic of ireland, spain, the u.k., uruguay and the u.s. we also offer equifax branded credit services in russia through a joint venture, have investments in consumer and/or commercial credit information companies through joint ventures in cambodia, malaysia, singapore and the united arab emirates and have an investment in a consumer and commercial credit information company in brazil. approximately 78% and 73% our revenue was generated in the u.s. during the twelve months ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
key performance indicators. management focuses on a variety of key indicators to monitor operating and financial performance. these performance indicators include measurements of operating revenue, change in operating revenue, operating income, operating margin, net income, diluted earnings per share, cash provided by operating activities and capital expenditures. key performance indicators for the twelve months ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, which reflect the change in accounting principle related to the change in accounting method for our pension and other benefits plans (see note 1), include the following:
key performance indicators twelve months ended december 31,
(in millions, except per share data)
operating revenue change                                 18    %   3                            %                             1    %
cash provided by operating activities                $946.2                       $313.8                                 $672.2
capital expenditures*                              $(430.7)                       $(375.9)                             $(368.1)
*amounts above include accruals for capital expenditures.
in the fourth quarter of 2020 we voluntarily changed our accounting principle for recognizing actuarial gains and losses and expected returns on plan assets for our defined benefit pension and postretirement benefit plans. we have applied the change in accounting principle retrospectively to all periods covered in this report, with the amounts below reflecting this change. refer to note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report for additional information.
consolidated financial results operating revenue twelve months ended december 31,                                                                                                  change
u.s. information solutions                            $1,482.5                          $1,277.4                          $1,247.3                       $205.1                      16   %                   $30.1                       2   %
workforce solutions                                    1,437.9                             949.7                             826.8        488.2                                      51   %                   122.9                      15   %
global consumer solutions                                345.0                             359.9                             371.8                       (14.9)                     (4)   %                  (11.9)                     (3)   %
revenue for 2020 increased by 18% compared to 2019. the growth was driven by our workforce solutions and usis segments, primarily due to strong u.s. mortgage volume as well as growth in our workforce solutions unemployment claims business. this growth was partially offset by declines beginning in the second half of march 2020 across international and global consumer solutions segments due to the economic impact of the covid-19 pandemic. the effect of foreign exchange rates reduced revenue by $24.5 million, or 1%, in 2020 compared to 2019.
revenue for 2019 increased by 3% compared to 2018. the growth was driven by our workforce solutions and usis segments which was partially offset by declines in international and global consumer solutions. workforce solutions saw strong growth driven by verification services. usis growth was primarily driven by increases in core credit decisioning volumes and revenue from acquisitions. international had local currency growth across latin america and canada. the effect of foreign exchange rates reduced revenue by $74.7 million, or 2%, in 2019 compared to 2018. global consumer solutions revenue decreased primarily due to decreases in consumer direct revenue in the u.s. and the u.k.
operating expenses twelve months ended            change december 31,
cost of services. cost of services increased $215.7 million in 2020 compared to 2019. the increase is due to increased royalty and production costs, as well as incremental technology and data security costs related to our ongoing technology transformation. the effect of changes in foreign exchange rates reduced cost of services by $10.4 million.
cost of services increased $81.3 million in 2019 compared to 2018. the increase was due to increased royalty and technology costs. we also incurred increased incremental technology and data security costs of $20.3 million in 2019. these increased technology and security costs predominantly reflect the investments we are making in our technology transformation, which include costs for enhanced data security. the effect of changes in foreign exchange rates reduced cost of services by $33.2 million.
selling, general and administrative expenses. selling, general and administrative expenses decreased $667.7 million in 2020 compared to 2019. the decrease in 2020 is primarily due to losses, net of insurance recoveries, of $800.9 million associated with certain legal proceedings and government investigations related to the 2017 cybersecurity incident that were recorded in 2019 but did not recur in 2020, partially offset by increased people costs and a restructuring charge taken in the fourth quarter of 2020. the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates decreased our selling, general and administrative expenses by $10.2 million.
selling, general and administrative expenses increased $776.9 million in 2019 as compared to 2018. the increase in 2019 is primarily due to losses, net of insurance recoveries, of $800.9 million associated with certain legal proceedings and government investigations related to the 2017 cybersecurity incident. the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates decreased our selling, general and administrative expenses by $24.4 million.
depreciation and amortization. depreciation and amortization expense for 2020 and 2019 increased by $59.9 million and $20.7 million, respectively. the increase is due to amortization of capitalized internal-use software and systems costs and depreciation of production equipment.
operating income and operating margin twelve months ended                                                                                                             change december 31, operating income (loss) and operating margin                                                                                                                                     2020 vs. 2019               2019 vs. 2018
consolidated operating margin                                      16.4   %                     (9.6)   %   13.1                      %                                             26.0   pts                                                (22.7)   pts total company operating margin increased in 2020 versus 2019, primarily due to increased revenue in 2020 and losses, net of insurance recoveries in 2019, of $800.9 million associated with certain legal proceedings and government investigations related to the 2017 cybersecurity incident which are reflected in selling, general, and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of income (loss), that did not recur in 2020.
total company operating margin decreased in 2019 versus 2018, primarily due to the aforementioned losses, net of insurance recoveries, of $800.9 million associated with certain legal proceedings and government investigations related to the 2017 cybersecurity incident which are reflected in selling, general, and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of income (loss).
interest expense and other income (expense), net twelve months ended               change december 31,
interest expense increased in 2020, when compared to 2019, due to the issuance of $1.0 billion in senior notes in april 2020 and $750.0 million senior notes issued in november 2019. this increase was partially offset by interest related to outstanding commercial paper and receivables funding facility balances in 2019.
interest expense increased in 2019, when compared to 2018, due to an increase in our overall debt outstanding during the year due to borrowings on our receivables facility and under our commercial paper program. these borrowings were paid down with the proceeds from the issuance of the $750.0 million senior notes in november 2019.
the increase in other income, net in 2020 is primarily due to gains recorded related to the fair value adjustment of our investment in brazil of $116.6 million due to its initial public offering in the third quarter of 2020, as well as the $32.9 million gain recorded related to a fair value adjustment of the equity investment in india, for which we completed the acquisition of the remaining shareholder interest in the first quarter of 2020. this was partially offset by the $32.2 million mark-to-market fair value adjustment of pension assets which resulted in a loss during the fourth quarter of 2020.
the increase in other income, net in 2019 is primarily due to higher earnings on certain equity method investments and partially offset by an increased loss related to the foreign exchange impact of remeasuring the peso denominated monetary assets and liabilities as a result of argentina becoming a highly inflationary economy for accounting purposes starting in july 2018.
income taxes twelve months ended            change december 31,
provision for income taxes                                                         2020                      2019                        2018            $                             %                    $                         %
consolidated (provision for) benefit from income taxes                     $(159.0)                     $35.7                   $(53.4)                  $(194.7)          545                 %            $89.1                     (167)     %
our effective tax rate was 23.2% for 2020, up from 8.6% for the same period in 2019. our effective tax rate is higher for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to 2019 due to the operating loss of the company in 2019 and permanent tax differences resulting from certain non-deductible amounts related to the accrual for losses associated with certain legal proceedings and government investigations related to the 2017 cybersecurity incident.
our effective tax rate was 8.6% for 2019, down from 14.4% for the same period in 2018. our effective tax rate is lower for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to 2018 due to the operating loss of the company in 2019 and permanent tax differences resulting from certain non-deductible amounts related to the accrual for losses associated with certain legal proceedings and government investigations related to the 2017 cybersecurity incident.
twelve months ended                                                                                                          change december 31,
consolidated (provision for) benefit from income taxes                                   (159.0)                          35.7                      (53.4)                       (194.7)                     (545)   %                      89.1                     (167)   %
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                                        (6.1)                         (6.0)                       (6.5)                         (0.1)                         2   %                       0.5                       (8)   %
consolidated net income (loss) increased by $904.3 million in 2020 compared to 2019 due to increased revenue, the 2019 accrual for losses associated with certain legal proceedings and investigations related to the 2017 cybersecurity incident that did not recur in 2020 and an increase in other income resulting from the fair value adjustments of the brazil and india investments. the current year increase is partially offset by higher tax expense, people costs, royalty costs, technology costs, depreciation of capitalized projects and interest expense.
consolidated net income (loss) decreased by $695.1 million in 2019 compared to 2018 due to decreased operating income primarily driven by losses, net of insurance recoveries, associated with certain legal proceedings and government investigations related to the 2017 cybersecurity incident of $800.9 million.
segment financial results u.s. information solutions twelve months ended december 31,                                                                                                    change u.s. information solutions                                                                                                                                                  2020 vs. 2019                                        2019 vs. 2018
online information solutions                       $1,067.7                            $924.1                            $877.5                    $143.6                        16     %                $46.6                         5     %
financial marketing services                          215.0                             216.4                             216.2                     (1.4)                       (1)     %   0.2                                        -     %
operating margin                                       31.3    %                         33.1    %                         35.4    %                                          (1.8)   pts                                          (2.3)   pts u.s. information solutions revenue increased 16% in 2020 compared to 2019 due to improvements in our core credit decisioning services and mortgage solutions volumes related to the strength of the u.s. mortgage market in 2020.
u.s. information solutions revenue increased 2% in 2019 compared to 2018 due to increases in our core credit decisioning services volumes and revenue from acquisitions, partially offset by $20.0 million in settlements with commercial customers and declines in mortgage solutions.
online information solutions. revenue for 2020 increased 16% compared to 2019, due to improved core credit decisioning services volumes related to improvements in the u.s. mortgage market and a $15.0 million settlement with a commercial customer which negatively impacted revenue for 2019. this is partially offset by a reduction in non-mortgage online revenue due to the economic impact of covid-19, which began in the latter half of march 2020.
revenue for 2019 increased 5% compared to 2018, due to increases in core credit decisioning services volumes, revenue from acquisitions and our identity and fraud solutions business. these increases were partially offset by a $15.0 million settlement with a commercial customer.
mortgage solutions.  revenue increased 46% in 2020 compared to 2019 due to increased mortgage market transaction volumes.
revenue decreased 11% in 2019 compared to 2018, primarily due to channel shift between our mortgage solutions and online information solutions businesses, partially offset by an increase in mortgage market transaction volumes.
financial marketing services. revenue decreased 1% in 2020 compared to 2019 due the economic impact of covid-19 on project related revenue. 2019 revenue was negatively impacted by a $5.0 million settlement with a commercial customer.
revenue remained flat in 2019 compared to 2018 due to an increase in project related revenue, offset by a $5.0 million settlement with a commercial customer.
u.s. information solutions operating margin. usis operating margin decreased to 31.3% in 2020 compared to 33.1% in 2019, due to increased royalty, people, technology and depreciation costs, as well as incremental technology and data security costs associated with our ongoing technology transformation, partially offset by the increase in revenue. usis operating margin decreased to 33.1% in 2019 compared to 35.4% in 2018, primarily due to increases in royalties, technology, data security and people costs and settlements with commercial customers. these increases were partially offset by the public records litigation settlement of $18.5 million in 2018 that did not recur in 2019.
workforce solutions twelve months ended                                                                                                change december 31,
workforce solutions                                     2020                        2019                        2018                                    $             %                                    $             %
operating margin                                    48.7   %                    41.0   %                    40.2   %                                          7.7   pts                                          0.8   pts workforce solutions revenue increased by 51% in 2020 compared to 2019 due to strong growth in both verification services and employer services. verification services growth was due to strong growth in mortgage related revenue. employer services growth was due to growth in unemployment claims management revenue.
workforce solutions revenue increased by 15% in 2019 compared to 2018 due to strong growth in verification services. this was partially offset by decreased revenue in employer services, due to reductions in revenue from tax management services and our affordable care act compliance services.
verification services.  revenue increased 58% in 2020 compared to 2019, due to strong growth in the mortgage vertical and continued addition of new records to the work number database. revenue from the commercial non-mortgage verticals of verification services have experienced declines versus 2019 due to the economic impact of covid-19.
revenue increased 23% in 2019 compared to 2018, due to strong growth in mortgage, government, financial, healthcare and talent solutions verticals, and continued addition of new records to the work number database.
employer services.  revenue increased 34% in 2020 compared to 2019 due to increases in our unemployment claims management services as u.s. unemployment claims increased substantially due to the economic impact of covid-19 on the u.s. economy. this was partially offset principally by declines in our tax management services and affordable care act compliance services.
revenue decreased 4% in 2019 compared to 2018 due to declines in our tax management services and affordable care act compliance services. these declines were partially offset by revenue from acquisitions.
workforce solutions operating margin.  operating margin increased to 48.7% in 2020 compared to 41.0% in 2019 primarily due to the increase in revenue, partially offset by increases in royalty, people, technology and depreciation costs, as well as incremental technology and data security costs associated with ongoing technology transformation. operating margin increased to 41.0% in 2019 compared to 40.2% in 2018 primarily due to the increase in revenue.
international twelve months ended december 31,            change
operating margin                                   7.7    %                       10.4    %                       11.2    %                                          (2.7)   pts                                          (0.8)   pts international revenue decreased by 6% in 2020 as compared to 2019. local currency revenue decreased 4% in 2020, driven by declines across all geographies due to the negative impacts of covid-19 on transaction volumes beginning in the second half of march. local currency fluctuations against the u.s. dollar negatively impacted revenue by $24.4 million, or 2%.
international revenue decreased by 5% in 2019 as compared to 2018. local currency revenue growth for 2019 was 3%, driven by growth in the latin america and canada regions. local currency fluctuations against the u.s. dollar negatively impacted revenue by $73.1 million, or 8%.
asia pacific. local currency revenue decreased 1% in 2020 as compared to 2019 due to decreases in our consumer and commercial businesses, marketing services and personal solutions related revenue, primarily driven by the economic recession in australia and new zealand caused by the covid-19 pandemic, partly offset by operations in india, an increase in offline transactions within recovery management and stronger online id validation. local currency fluctuations against the u.s. dollar did not have a significant impact in 2020. reported revenue also decreased 1% in 2020 as compared to 2019.
local currency revenue decreased 1% in 2019 as compared to 2018 primarily driven by weak consumer and commercial lending markets in australia resulting in declines in consumer lending and direct-to-consumer related revenue. local currency fluctuations against the u.s. dollar negatively impacted revenue by $21.5 million, or 7%, in 2019. reported revenue decreased 8% in 2019 as compared to 2018.
europe. local currency revenue decreased 8% in 2020 as compared to 2019 due to declines in the u.k. and spain consumer and commercial businesses and debt services brought on by the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on local economies. local currency fluctuations against the u.s. dollar positively impacted revenue by $3.0 million, or 1%, for 2020. reported revenue decreased 7% in 2020 as compared to 2019.
local currency revenue was flat in 2019 as compared to 2018 primarily due to growth in credit operations revenue in u.k. and spain offset by a decline in our debt management services. local currency fluctuations against the u.s. dollar negatively impacted revenue by $12.9 million, or 4%, for 2019. reported revenue decreased 4% in 2019 as compared to 2018.
latin america. local currency revenue decreased 3% in 2020 as compared to 2019 caused by the covid-19 pandemic, which negatively impacted consumer credit operations in all latin america countries in which equifax operates. local currency fluctuations against the u.s. dollar negatively impacted revenue by $24.1 million, or 13%, in 2020, primarily from argentina and chile. reported revenue decreased 16% in 2020 as compared to 2019.
local currency revenue increased 9% in 2019 as compared to 2018 driven by core growth primarily in argentina, chile and ecuador. local currency fluctuations against the u.s. dollar negatively impacted revenue by $35.0 million, or 17%, in 2019, primarily from argentina and chile. reported revenue decreased 8% in 2019 as compared to 2018.
canada.  local currency revenue decreased 2% in 2020 as compared to 2019 primarily due to declines in consumer and commercial online volumes and offline analytics revenue, driven by the covid-19 pandemic. local currency fluctuations against the u.s. dollar negatively impacted revenue by $1.3 million, or 1%, in 2020. reported revenue decreased 3% in 2020 as compared to 2019.
local currency revenue increased 8% in 2019 as compared to 2018 primarily due to broad based revenue growth including growth from acquisitions. local currency fluctuations against the u.s. dollar negatively impacted revenue by $3.7 million, or 3%, in 2019. reported revenue increased 5% in 2019 as compared to 2018.
international operating margin.  operating margin decreased to 7.7% in 2020 as compared to 10.4% in 2019. the reduced margin is due to the negative effects of covid-19 on revenue, as well as an increase in depreciation and incremental technology costs related to the ongoing technology transformation, partially offset by reduced operating costs from discretionary expense control across the regions in 2020. operating margin decreased to 10.4% in 2019 as compared to 11.2% in 2018. the reduced margin is due to increased incremental technology and data security costs, production costs and negative impacts from foreign currency exchange rates.
global consumer solutions twelve months ended december 31,            change global consumer solutions                                                                                                           2020 vs. 2019                                        2019 vs. 2018
operating margin                               10.7    %                       13.4    %                       18.4    %                                          (2.7)   pts                                          (5.0)   pts revenue decreased 4% for 2020 in reported and local currency revenue, as compared to 2019. the decrease in revenue is primarily driven by declines in north america partner revenue, partially offset by increases in event based business, benefits revenue and direct to consumer business due to strong consumer subscription performance in canada.
operating margin decreased in 2020 to 10.7% compared to 13.4% in 2019, due to increased customer support and marketing costs, partially offset by lower royalty costs due to lower revenue.
revenue decreased 3% for 2019 in reported and local currency revenue, as compared to 2018. the decrease in revenue is primarily due to a decrease in our consumer direct revenue in the u.s. as we ceased advertising our consumer paid products in the u.s. in september 2017 following the 2017 cybersecurity incident. we resumed advertising our u.s. consumer paid products in the fourth quarter of 2018. these decreases were partially offset by an increase in our partner revenue. local currency fluctuations against the u.s. dollar negatively impacted revenue in canada and the u.k. by $1.6 million for 2019.
operating margin decreased in 2019 to 13.4% compared to 18.4% in 2018, due to the decreased revenue and an increase in advertising and production costs which were partially offset by decreased people costs.
general corporate expense twelve months ended                                                                change december 31,
our general corporate expenses are unallocated costs that are incurred at the corporate level and include those expenses impacted by corporate direction, including shared services, technology, administrative, legal, restructuring, and the portion of management incentive compensation determined by total company-wide performance.
general corporate expense decreased $701.3 million in 2020. the decrease in 2020 as compared to 2019 is due to the legal accruals for losses associated with certain legal proceedings and investigations related to the 2017 cybersecurity incident of $800.9 million that were recorded in 2019 and did not recur in 2020 and lower technology costs, partially offset by increased people costs and a restructuring charge taken in the fourth quarter of 2020. the restructuring charge in the fourth quarter of 2020 resulted from our continuing efforts to realign our internal resources to support our strategic objectives.
general corporate expense increased $789.4 million in 2019 due to the aforementioned losses associated with the 2017 cybersecurity incident.
liquidity and financial condition management assesses liquidity in terms of our ability to generate cash to fund operating, investing and financing activities. we continue to generate substantial cash from operating activities, remain in a strong financial position, and manage our capital structure to meet short- and long-term objectives including reinvestment in existing businesses and strategic acquisitions.
sources and uses of cash funds generated by operating activities, our revolver and related commercial paper program, more fully described below, are our most significant sources of liquidity. in april 2020, we issued $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes. the net proceeds of the sale of the notes were used to repay borrowings under our receivables facility and revolver, while the remaining funds are intended for general corporate purposes. at december 31, 2020, we had $1.7 billion in cash balances, as well as $1.1 billion available to borrow under our revolver.
the company has and expects to make payments to resolve certain legal proceedings and investigations related to the 2017 cybersecurity incident, described more fully in "item 3. legal proceedings" in this form 10-k. through 2020, the company made payments of $439.3 million for legal settlements related to the 2017 cybersecurity incident. the remaining $346.7 million to be paid to the consumer restitution fund will be made after a final adjudication affirming the u.s. consumer mdl litigation settlement or dismissal of the pending appeals. although we expect this payment and the remaining settlement payments to be made in 2021, we can give no assurance that these payments will occur in 2021 due to pending approvals or appeals. as a result of the possible payments that could be made in 2021 related to the losses associated with certain legal proceedings and government investigations related to the 2017 cybersecurity incident and other requirements, funds generated by operating activities may not be sufficient to fund working capital and other cash requirements, including for acquisitions and share repurchases, throughout 2021. our plan is to finance the payments with existing cash balances and borrowing capacity, as necessary.
fund transfer limitations. the ability of certain of our subsidiaries and associated companies to transfer funds to the u.s may be limited, in some cases, by certain restrictions imposed by foreign governments. these restrictions do not, individually or in the aggregate, materially limit our ability to service our indebtedness, meet our current obligations or pay dividends. as of december 31, 2020, we held $259.6 million of cash in our foreign subsidiaries.
information about our cash flows, by category, is presented in the consolidated statements of cash flows. the following table summarizes our cash flows for the twelve months ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018:
twelve months ended december 31,                                                                                                          change net cash provided by (used in):        2020                        2019                              2018                                            2020 vs. 2019            2019 vs. 2018
operating activities                            $946.2                            $313.8                            $672.2                           $632.4                   $(358.4)
investing activities                            $(492.7)                          $(697.5)                          $(461.5)                         $204.8                   $(236.0)
financing activities                            $810.8                            $557.9                            $(311.0)                         $252.9                   $868.9
operating activities cash provided by operating activities for 2020 increased by $632.4 million compared to 2019. the increase in cash from operations is due to increased net income in 2020 and additional payments made in 2019 associated with certain legal proceedings and investigations related to the 2017 cybersecurity incident.
cash provided by operating activities for 2019 decreased by $358.4 million compared to 2018. the decrease is due to partial payment of the losses associated with certain legal proceedings and investigations related to the 2017 cybersecurity incident as well as having received $110.0 million in insurance proceeds in 2018.
investing activities twelve months ended december 31,                                                                change net cash used in:             2020                        2019                              2018                                       2020 vs. 2019                 2019 vs. 2018
capital expenditures*                  $(421.3)                          $(399.6)                          $(321.9)                    $(21.7)                       $(77.7)
*amounts above are total cash outflows for capital expenditures.
our capital expenditures are used for developing, enhancing and deploying new and existing software in support of our expanding product set, replacing or adding equipment, updating systems for regulatory compliance, licensing of standard software applications, investing in system reliability, security and disaster recovery enhancements, and updating or expanding our office facilities.
capital expenditures increased in 2020 and 2019 from 2019 and 2018, respectively, due to our ongoing technology transformation.
acquisitions, divestitures and investments twelve months ended december 31,                                                              change net cash used in:                                  2020                      2019                              2018                                       2020 vs. 2019                 2019 vs. 2018
acquisitions, net of cash acquired                          $(61.4)                         $(272.9)                          $(138.3)                    $211.5                        $(134.6)
investment in unconsolidated affiliates, net                $(10.0)                         $(25.0)                           $(6.9)                      $15.0                         $(18.1)
2020 acquisitions and investments. during 2020, we acquired the remaining interest in our india joint venture in our international operating segment and completed an additional acquisition in our usis operating segment.
2019 acquisitions and investments. during 2019, we completed the acquisition of paynet in our usis and international operating segments and completed additional acquisitions in our workforce solutions segment.
2018 acquisitions and investments. during 2018, we completed acquisitions in our workforce solutions and international segments as well as datax ltd. in the third quarter of 2018 in our usis segment.
for additional information about our acquisitions, see note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report.
financing activities twelve months ended december 31,                                                                                                          change net cash provided by (used in):                 2020                        2019                              2018                                            2020 vs. 2019            2019 vs. 2018
borrowing and repayment activity.  net short-term repayments primarily represent repayments or borrowings of outstanding amounts under our commercial paper ("cp") program. we primarily borrow under our cp program as needed and as availability allows.
in april 2020, we issued $400.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2.6% five-year senior notes due 2025 (the "2025 notes") and $600.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.1% ten-year senior notes due 2030 (the "2030 notes") in an underwritten public offering. interest on the 2025 notes accrues at a rate of 2.6% per year and is payable semi-annually in arrears on june 15 and december 15 of each year. interest on the 2030 notes accrues at a rate of 3.1% per year and is payable semi-annually in arrears on may 15 and november 15 of each year. the net proceeds of the sale of the notes were used to repay borrowings under our receivables facility and revolver, while the remaining funds are intended for general corporate purposes, which may include the repayment of a portion of the 2021 debt maturities.
in november 2019, we issued $750.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2.6% five-year senior notes due 2024 (the "2024 notes") in an underwritten public offering. interest on the 2024 notes accrue at a rate of 2.6% per year and will be payable semi-annually in arrears on june 1 and december 1 of each year. the net proceeds of the sale of the notes were used to repay borrowings under our receivables facility and our cp program and for general corporate purposes.
in may 2018, we issued $300.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.6% senior notes due 2021 (the "2021 notes"), $400.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.95% senior notes due 2023 (the "2023 notes"), and $300.0 million aggregate principal amount floating rate notes due 2021 (the "floating rate notes") in an underwritten public offering. the net proceeds of the sale of the notes were used to repay borrowings under our revolver, our prior $800.0 million three-year delayed draw term loan facility ("term loan") and our cp program.
payments on long-term debt in 2020 and 2019 reflect payments on our receivable facility using proceeds from the issuance of the senior notes. payments on long-term debt in 2018 reflect $100.0 million of payments on the revolver using proceeds from the issuance of 3.60%, floating rate and 3.95% senior notes in 2018.
credit facility availability.  in september 2018, the company entered into the $1.1 billion five-year unsecured revolving credit facility with a group of financial institutions, which will mature in september 2023 (the "revolver"). the revolver replaced the company's previous $900.0 million unsecured revolving credit facility that was scheduled to mature in november 2020. borrowings under the revolver may be used for general corporate purposes, including working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and share repurchase programs. the revolver has an accordion feature that allows us to request an increase in the total commitment to $1.6 billion. the revolver includes an option to request a maximum of two one-year extensions of the maturity date, any time after the first anniversary of the revolver closing. we believe we are currently in compliance with all representations and warranties necessary as a condition for borrowing under the revolver, but we cannot assure that we will be able to comply with all such conditions for borrowing in the future. availability of the revolver is reduced by the outstanding principal balance of our commercial paper notes and by any letters of credit issued under the facility. on april 10, 2020, we amended our existing revolving credit facility to increase the maximum leverage ratio to provide additional financial flexibility as described further below.
our $1.1 billion cp program has been established to allow for borrowing through the private placement of cp with maturities ranging from overnight to 397 days. we may use the proceeds of cp for general corporate purposes. the cp program is supported by our revolver and the total amount of cp which may be issued is reduced by the amount of any outstanding borrowings under our revolver and by any letters of credit issued under the facility.
at december 31, 2020, the company had no borrowings outstanding of cp, $0.7 million of letters of credit outstanding and no borrowings outstanding under the revolver. at december 31, 2020, a total of $1.10 billion was available under the revolver.
in november 2020, we terminated our $225.0 million receivables funding facility (the "receivables facility").
debt covenants.  a downgrade in credit ratings would increase the cost of borrowings under our cp program and revolver, and could limit or, in the case of a significant downgrade, preclude our ability to issue cp. the outstanding indentures and comparable instruments contain customary covenants including, for example, limits on mortgages, liens and sale/leaseback transactions.
on april 10, 2020, we amended our existing revolving credit facility to increase the maximum leverage ratio to provide additional financial flexibility. the amendment increases the maximum leverage ratio, defined as consolidated funded debt divided by consolidated ebitda for the preceding four quarters, to (i) 4.5 to 1.0 for fiscal quarters ending on june 30,
2020 through and including september 30, 2021 and (ii) 4.0 to 1.0 for the fiscal quarter ending on december 31, 2021. the maximum leverage ratio will return to 3.5 to 1.0 beginning with the fiscal quarter ending march 31, 2022 and thereafter. beginning january 1, 2021, we may also elect to increase the maximum leverage ratio by 0.5 to 1.0 (not to exceed 4.5 to 1.0) in connection with certain material acquisitions if we satisfy certain requirements. the amendment also (i) permits cash in excess of $200 million to be netted against debt in the calculation of the leverage ratio through september 30, 2021, subject to certain restrictions and (ii) extends the add-back of certain expenses related to the 2017 cybersecurity incident to the definition of consolidated ebitda through december 31, 2021.
none of these covenants are considered restrictive to our operations and, as of december 31, 2020, the company was in compliance with all of our debt covenants.
the company does not have any credit rating triggers that would accelerate the maturity of a material amount of the outstanding debt; however, our 2.3% senior notes due 2021, 3.6% senior notes due 2021, floating rate notes due 2021, 3.3% senior notes due 2022, 3.95% senior notes due 2023, 2.6% senior notes due 2024, 2.6% senior notes due 2025, 3.25% senior notes due 2026, 3.1% senior notes due 2030 and 7.0% senior notes due 2037 (together, the "senior notes") contain change in control provisions. if the company experiences a change of control or publicly announces the company's intention to effect a change of control and the rating on the senior notes is lowered by standard & poor's ("s&p") and moody's investors service ("moody's") below an investment grade rating within 60 days of such change of control or notice thereof, then the company will be required to offer to repurchase the senior notes at a price equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the senior notes plus accrued and unpaid interest.
credit ratings. credit ratings reflect an independent agency's judgment on the likelihood that a borrower will repay a debt obligation at maturity. the ratings reflect many considerations, such as the nature of the borrower's industry and its competitive position, the size of the company, its liquidity and access to capital and the sensitivity of a company's cash flows to changes in the economy. the two largest rating agencies, s&p and moody's, use alphanumeric codes to designate their ratings. the highest quality rating for long-term credit obligations is aaa and aaa for s&p and moody's, respectively. a security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.
long-term ratings of bbb- and baa3 or better by s&p and moody's, respectively, reflect ratings on debt obligations that fall within a band of credit quality considered to be "investment grade." at december 31, 2020, the long-term ratings for our obligations were bbb with a negative outlook for s&p and baa2 with a stable outlook for moody's. a downgrade in our credit rating would increase the cost of borrowings under our cp program and revolver, and could limit, or in the case of a significant downgrade, preclude our ability to issue cp. if our credit ratings were to decline to lower levels, we could experience increases in the interest cost for any new debt. in addition, the market's demand for, and thus our ability to readily issue, new debt could become further affected by the economic and credit market environment. these ratings are subject to change as events and circumstances change.
for additional information about our debt, including the terms of our financing arrangements, basis for variable interest rates and debt covenants, see note 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report.
equity transactions twelve months ended december 31,                                                                change net cash provided by (used in):                                                  2020                        2019                              2018                                       2020 vs. 2019                      2019 vs. 2018
dividends paid to noncontrolling interests                                                $(4.6)                            $(6.6)                            $(10.3)                     $2.0                                 $3.7
proceeds from exercise of stock options and employee stock purchase plan                  $41.7                             $22.3                             $11.8                       $19.4                               $10.5
purchase of redeemable noncontrolling interests                                           $(9.0)                            $-                                $(30.9)                     $(9.0)                              $30.9
sources and uses of cash related to equity during the twelve months ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018 were as follows:
•we did not repurchase any shares from public market transactions in 2020, 2019 or 2018. as of december 31, 2020, under the existing board authorization, the company is approved for additional stock repurchases of $590.1 million.
•during the twelve months ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, we paid cash dividends to equifax shareholders of $189.5 million, $188.7 million and $187.9 million, respectively, at $1.56 per share for 2020, 2019 and 2018.
we anticipate continuing the payment of quarterly cash dividends. the actual amount of such dividends is subject to declaration by our board of directors and will depend upon future earnings, results of operations, capital requirements, our financial condition and other relevant factors. there can be no assurance that the company will continue to pay quarterly cash dividends at current levels or at all.
contractual obligations and commercial commitments the following table summarizes our significant contractual obligations and commitments as of december 31, 2020. the table excludes commitments that are contingent based on events or factors uncertain at this time. some of the excluded commitments are discussed below the footnotes to the table.
debt (including capitalized lease obligation) (1)                                   $4,402.2                        $1,101.1                            $901.1                         $1,150.0                         $1,250.0
data processing, outsourcing agreements and other purchase obligations (3)             343.8                           136.9                             137.4                             61.8                              7.7
other long-term liabilities (4) (5)                                                    164.8                            12.5                              27.4                             22.1                            102.8
(1)the amounts are gross of unamortized discounts totaling $23.8 million at december 31, 2020. total debt on our consolidated balance sheets is net of the unamortized discounts and fair value adjustments. there were no fair value adjustments to our debt at december 31, 2020.
(3)these agreements primarily represent our minimum contractual obligations for services that we outsource associated with our computer data processing operations and related functions, and certain administrative functions. these agreements expire between 2021 and 2027.
(4)these long-term liabilities primarily relate to obligations associated with certain pension, postretirement and other compensation-related plans, some of which are discounted in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles, or gaap. we made certain assumptions about the timing of such future payments. in the table above, we have not included amounts related to future pension plan obligations, as such required funding amounts beyond 2020 have not been deemed necessary due to our current expectations regarding future plan asset performance.
(5)this table excludes $27.1 million of unrecognized tax benefits, including interest and penalties, as we cannot make a reasonably reliable estimate of the period of cash settlement with the respective taxing authorities.
(6)for future interest payments on variable-rate debt, which bears a rate equal to three-month libor on the interest determination date plus 0.87% per annum, we used the variable rate in effect at december 31, 2020 to calculate these payments. our outstanding variable rate debt at december 31, 2020 consisted of the floating rate notes. the variable rate at december 31, 2020 was 1.1%. future interest payments may be different depending on future borrowing activity and interest rates.
off-balance sheet transactions we do not engage in off-balance sheet financing activities.
pursuant to the terms of certain industrial revenue bonds, we have transferred title to certain of our fixed assets with total costs of $156.4 million as of december 31, 2020 and 2019 to a local governmental authority in the u.s. to receive a property tax abatement related to economic development. the title to these assets will revert back to us upon retirement or cancellation of the applicable bonds. these fixed assets are still recognized on the company's consolidated balance sheets as all risks and rewards related to the assets remain with the company.
letters of credit and guarantees we will from time to time issue standby letters of credit, performance or surety bonds or other guarantees in the normal course of business. the aggregate notional amount of all performance and surety bonds and standby letters of credit was not material at december 31, 2020, and generally have a remaining maturity of one year or less. guarantees are issued from time to time to support the needs of our operating units. the maximum potential future payments we could be required to make under the guarantees is not material at december 31, 2020.
benefit plans we sponsor a qualified defined benefit retirement plan, the u.s. retirement income plan ("usrip"), that covers approximately 10% of current u.s. salaried employees who were hired on or before june 30, 2007, the last date on which an individual could be hired and enter the plan before the usrip was closed to new participation at december 31, 2008. this plan also covers retirees as well as certain terminated but vested individuals not yet in retirement status. we also sponsor a retirement plan with both defined benefit and defined contribution components that cover most salaried and hourly employees in canada, the canadian retirement income plan ("crip"); the defined benefit component was also closed to new hires on october 1, 2011.
during the twelve months ended december 31, 2020, we made no voluntary contributions to the usrip or to the crip. during the twelve months ended december 31, 2019, we made no voluntary contributions to the usrip and made contributions of $0.2 million to the crip. at december 31, 2020, the usrip met or exceeded erisa's minimum funding requirements. in the future, we will make minimum funding contributions as required and may make discretionary contributions, depending on certain circumstances, including market conditions and liquidity needs. we believe additional funding contributions, if any, would not prevent us from continuing to meet our liquidity needs, which are primarily funded from cash flows generated by operating activities, available cash and cash equivalents, and our credit facilities.
for our non-u.s., tax-qualified retirement plans, we fund an amount sufficient to meet minimum funding requirements but no more than allowed as a tax deduction pursuant to applicable tax regulations. for the non-qualified supplemental retirement plans, we fund the benefits as they are paid to retired participants, but accrue the associated expense and liabilities in accordance with gaap.
for additional information about our benefit plans including the change in accounting method adopted in 2020, see notes 1 and 9 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report.
effects of inflation and changes in foreign currency exchange rates equifax's operating results are not materially affected by inflation, although inflation may result in increases in the company's expenses, which may not be readily recoverable in the price of services offered. to the extent inflation results in rising interest rates and has other adverse effects upon the securities markets and upon the value of financial instruments, it may adversely affect the company's financial position and profitability.
a portion of the company's business is conducted in currencies other than the u.s. dollar and changes in foreign exchange rates relative to the u.s. dollar can therefore affect the value of non-u.s. dollar net assets, revenues and expenses.
potential exposures as a result of these fluctuations in currencies are closely monitored. we generally do not mitigate the risks associated with fluctuating exchange rates, although we may from time to time through forward contracts or other derivative instruments hedge a portion of our translational foreign currency exposure or exchange rate risks associated with material transactions which are denominated in a foreign currency.
recent accounting pronouncements for information about new accounting pronouncements and the potential impact on our consolidated financial statements, see note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report.
application of critical accounting policies and estimates the company's consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles, or gaap. this requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities in our consolidated financial statements and the notes to consolidated financial statements. the following accounting policies involve critical accounting estimates because they are particularly dependent on estimates and assumptions made by management about matters that are uncertain at the time the accounting estimates are made. in addition, while we have used our best estimates based on facts and circumstances available to us at the time, different estimates reasonably could have been used in the current period, or changes in the accounting estimates that we used are reasonably likely to occur from period to period, either of which may have a material impact on the presentation of our consolidated balance sheets, statements of income (loss), and statements of comprehensive income (loss). we also have other significant accounting policies which involve the use of estimates, judgments and assumptions that are relevant to understanding our results. for additional information about these policies, see note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report. although we believe that our estimates, assumptions and judgments are reasonable, they are based upon information available at the time. actual results may differ significantly from these estimates under different assumptions, judgments or conditions.
revenue recognition in accordance with asc 606, "revenue from contracts with customers," we recognize revenue when a performance obligation has been satisfied by transferring a promised good or service to a customer and the customer obtains control of the good or service. in order to recognize revenue, we note that the two parties must have an agreement that creates enforceable rights, the performance obligations must be distinct and the transaction price can be determined. our revenue is derived from the provision of information services to our customers on a transactional basis, in which distinct services are delivered over time as the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits of the services delivered. to measure our performance over time, the output method is utilized to measure the value to the customer based on the transfer to date of the services promised, with no rights of return once consumed. in these cases, revenue on transactional contracts with a defined price but an undefined quantity is recognized utilizing the right to invoice expedient resulting in revenue being recognized when the service is provided and billed. additionally, multi-year contracts with defined pricing but an undefined quantity that utilize tier pricing would be defined as a series of distinct performance obligations satisfied over time utilizing the same method of measurement, the output method, with no rights of return once consumed. this measurement method is applied on a monthly basis resulting in revenue being recognized when the service is provided and billed.
additionally, we recognize revenue from subscription-based contracts under which a customer pays a preset fee for a predetermined or unlimited number of transactions or services provided during the subscription period, generally one year. revenue from subscription-based contracts having a preset number of transactions is recognized as the services are provided, using an effective transaction rate as the actual transactions are delivered. any remaining revenue related to unfulfilled units is not recognized until the end of the related contract's subscription period. revenue from subscription-based contracts having an unlimited volume is recognized ratably during the contract term. multi-year subscription contracts are analyzed to determine the full contract transaction price over the term of the contract and the subsequent price is ratably recognized over the full term of the contract.
if at the outset of an arrangement, we determine that collectibility is not reasonably assured, revenue is deferred until the earlier of when collectibility becomes probable or the receipt of payment from the customer. if there is uncertainty as to the customer's acceptance of the performance obligation, revenue is not recognized until the earlier of receipt of customer acceptance or expiration of the acceptance period.
we sell certain offerings that contain multiple performance obligations. these obligations may include consumer or commercial information, file updates for certain solutions, services provided by our decisioning technologies personnel, training services, statistical models and other services. in order to account for each of these obligations separately, the delivered promises within our contracts must meet the criterion to be considered distinct performance obligations to our customer. if we determine that the arrangement does not contain separate distinct obligations, the performance obligations are bundled together until a distinct obligation is achieved. this may lead to the arrangement consideration being recognized as the final contract obligation is delivered to our customer or ratably over the term of the contract.
some of our arrangements with multiple performance obligations involve the delivery of services generated by a combination of services provided by one or more of our operating segments. no individual information service impacts the value or usage of other information services included in an arrangement and each service can be sold alone or, in most cases, purchased from another vendor without affecting the quality of use or value to the customer of the other information services included in the arrangement. some of our products require the installation of interfaces or platforms by our technology personnel that allow our customers to interact with our proprietary information databases. these installation services do not meet the requirement for being distinct, thus any related installation fees are deferred when billed and are recognized over the expected period that the customer will benefit from the related services. revenue from the delivery of one-time files and models is recognized as the service is provided and accepted, assuming all other revenue recognition criteria are met. the direct costs of installation of a customer are capitalized and amortized over the useful life of the identifiable asset.
we record revenue on a net basis for those sales in which we have in substance acted as an agent or broker in the transaction and therefore do not have control.
in certain instances within our debt collections and recovery management services in our international operating segment and certain tax management services within our workforce solutions operating segment, variable consideration is constrained due to the fact that the revenue is contingent on a particular outcome. within our debt collections and recovery management businesses, revenue is calculated as a percentage of debt collected on behalf of the customer and, as such, is primarily recognized when the debt is collected assuming all other revenue recognition criteria are met. within our workforce solutions operating segment, the fees for certain of our tax credits and incentives revenue are based on a percentage of the credit delivered to our clients. revenue for these arrangements is recognized based on the achievement of milestones, upon calculation of the credit, approval from a regulatory agency or when the credit is utilized by our client, depending on the provisions of the client contract.
certain costs incurred prior to the satisfaction of a performance obligation are deferred as contract costs and are amortized on a systematic basis consistent with the pattern of transfer of the related goods and services. these costs generally consist of labor costs directly relating to the implementation and setup of the contract.
judgments and uncertainties - each performance obligation within a contract must be considered separately to ensure that appropriate accounting is performed for these distinct goods or services. these considerations include assessing the price at which the element is sold compared to its standalone selling price; concluding when the element will be delivered; evaluating collectability; and determining whether any contingencies exist in the related customer contract that impact the prices paid to us for the services.
contract balances - the contract balances are generated when revenue recognized varies from billing in a given period. a contract asset is created when an entity transfers a good or service to a customer and recognizes more revenue than what has been billed. as of december 31, 2020, the contract asset balance was $11.0 million. a contract liability is created when an entity transfers a good or service to a customer and recognizes less than what has been billed. deferred revenue is recognized when we have an obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer and have already received consideration from the customer. we generally expect to recognize our deferred revenue as revenue within twelve months of being recorded based on the terms of the contracts.
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets we review goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets for impairment annually (as of september 30) and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. these events or circumstances could include a significant change in the business climate, legal factors, operating performance or trends, competition, or sale or disposition of a significant portion of a reporting unit. we have seven reporting units comprised of usis (which includes online information solutions, mortgage solutions and financial marketing services), asia pacific, europe, latin america, canada, global consumer solutions ("gcs"), and equifax workforce solutions (which includes verification services and employer services).
the goodwill balance at december 31, 2020, for our seven reporting units was as follows:
u.s. information solutions             1,286.7
global consumer solutions                190.5
workforce solutions                    1,010.7
valuation techniques we performed a qualitative assessment to determine whether further impairment testing was necessary for our usis, workforce solutions, europe, canada and gcs reporting units. in this qualitative assessment, we considered the following items for each of the reporting units: macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions, overall financial performance and other entity specific events. in addition, for each of these reporting units, the most recent fair value determination resulted in an amount that significantly exceeded the carrying amount of the reporting units. based on these assessments, we determined the likelihood that a current fair value determination would be less than the current carrying amount of the reporting unit is not more likely than not. as a result of our conclusions, no further testing was required for these reporting units.
we performed a quantitative assessment for our asia pacific and latin america reporting units to determine whether impairment exists from the most recent valuation dates due to the size of the cushion and lower current year forecasts than the 2020 projections from the most recent valuations in relation to our other reporting units. in determining the fair value of the reporting unit, we used a combination of the income and market approaches to estimate the reporting unit's business enterprise value.
under the income approach, we calculate the fair value of a reporting unit based on estimated future discounted cash flows which require assumptions about short and long-term revenue growth rates, operating margins for each reporting unit, discount rates, foreign currency exchange rates and estimates of capital expenditures. the assumptions we use are based on what we believe a hypothetical marketplace participant would use in estimating fair value. under the market approach, we estimate the fair value based on market multiples of revenue or earnings before income taxes, depreciation and amortization, for benchmark companies or guideline transactions, if available. we believe the benchmark companies used for our asia pacific and latin america reporting units serve as an appropriate input for calculating a fair value for the reporting unit as those benchmark companies have similar risks, participate in similar markets, provide similar services for their customers and compete with us directly. the companies we use as benchmarks are principally outlined in our discussion of competition in item 1 of this form 10-k. competition for our asia pacific and latin america reporting units generally includes global consumer credit reporting companies, such as experian, which offer a product suite similar to the reporting unit's credit reporting solutions.
the values separately derived from each of the income and market approach valuation techniques were used to develop an overall estimate of a reporting unit's fair value. we use a consistent approach across all reporting units when considering the weight of the income and market approaches for calculating the fair value of each of our reporting units. this approach relies more heavily on the calculated fair value derived from the income approach, with 70% of the value coming from the income approach. we believe this approach is consistent with that of a market participant in valuing prospective purchase business combinations. the selection and weighting of the various fair value techniques may result in a higher or lower fair value. judgment is applied in determining the weightings that are most representative of fair value.
we have not made any material changes to the valuation methodology we use to assess goodwill impairment since the date of our last annual impairment test.
growth assumptions the assumptions for our future cash flows begin with our historical operating performance, the details of which are described in our management's discussion & analysis of operating performance. additionally, we consider the impact that known economic, industry and market trends, including the potential impact of the covid-19 global pandemic, will have on our future forecasts, as well as the impact that we expect from planned business initiatives including new product initiatives, client service and retention standards, and cost management programs. at the end of the forecast period, the long-term growth rate we used to determine the terminal value of our asia pacific and latin american reporting units were between 3.0% and 5.0% based on management's assessment of the minimum expected terminal growth rate of the reporting unit, as well as broader economic considerations such as gdp, inflation and the maturity of the markets we serve.
we projected revenue growth in 2021 for our asia pacific and latin america reporting units in completing our 2020 impairment testing based on expected economic recovery from the negative impact the covid-19 pandemic has had on these regions in 2020, planned business initiatives and prevailing trends exhibited by these units and not based on the assumption of meaningful acceleration in economic growth. the anticipated revenue growth in these reporting units, however, is partially offset by assumed increases in expenses for the reporting unit which reflects the additional level of investment needed in order to achieve the planned revenue growth and completion of our technology transformation initiatives.
discount rate assumptions we utilize a weighted average cost of capital, or wacc, in our impairment analysis that makes assumptions about the capital structure that we believe a market participant would make and include a risk premium based on an assessment of risks related to the projected cash flows for the reporting unit. we believe this approach yields a discount rate that is consistent with an implied rate of return that a market participant would require for an investment in a company having similar risks and business characteristics to the reporting unit being assessed. to calculate the wacc, the cost of equity and cost of debt are multiplied by the assumed capital structure of the reporting unit as compared to industry trends and relevant benchmark company structures. the cost of equity was computed using the capital asset pricing model which considers the risk-free interest rate, beta, equity risk premium and specific company risk premium related to a particular reporting unit. the cost of debt was computed using a benchmark rate and the company's tax rate. for the 2020 annual goodwill impairment evaluation, the discount rates used to develop the estimated fair value of the asia pacific and latin america reporting units were between 9.0% and 16.0%.
estimated fair value and sensitivities the estimated fair value of the reporting units is derived from the valuation techniques described above, incorporating the related projections and assumptions. impairment occurs when the estimated fair value of the reporting unit is below the carrying value of its equity. the estimated fair value for our asia pacific and latin america reporting units exceeded their related carrying values as of september 30, 2020. as a result, no goodwill impairment was recorded.
the estimated fair value of the reporting unit is highly sensitive to changes in these projections and assumptions; therefore, in some instances changes in these assumptions could impact whether the fair value of a reporting unit is greater than its carrying value. for example, an increase in the discount rate and decline in the projected cumulative cash flow of a reporting unit could cause the fair value of certain reporting units to be below its carrying value. we perform sensitivity analyses around these assumptions in order to assess the reasonableness of the assumptions and the resulting estimated fair values. ultimately, future potential changes in these assumptions may impact the estimated fair value of a reporting unit and cause the fair value of the reporting unit to be below its carrying value. due to the lower cushions when compared to other reporting units, asia pacific and latin america are more sensitive to changes in the assumptions noted above that could result in a fair value that is less than its carrying value. the excess of fair value over carrying value for the asia pacific reporting unit was less than 5% and the excess fair value over carrying value for the latin america reporting unit was between 15% and 20% as of september 30, 2020.
given the small excess of fair value over carrying value for the asia pacific reporting unit, we believe that it is at risk of a possible future goodwill impairment. although we experienced growth in this reporting unit for the three months ended december 31, 2020 in comparison to the estimates used in the 2020 goodwill impairment testing, the covid-19 pandemic has had a substantial negative impact on our results over the last nine months of 2020. avoidance of a future impairment will be dependent on continued economic recovery from the negative impact caused by covid-19 in 2020 and our ability to execute on initiatives to grow revenue and manage expenses prudently. we will continue to monitor the performance of this reporting unit to ensure no interim indications of possible impairment have occurred before our next annual goodwill impairment assessment in september 2021.
loss contingencies we are subject to various proceedings, lawsuits and claims arising in the normal course of our business. we determine whether to disclose and/or accrue for loss contingencies based on our assessment of whether the potential loss is estimable, probable, reasonably possible or remote.
in the third quarter of 2017, we announced a cybersecurity incident potentially impacting u.s., canadian and u.k. consumers. as a result of the 2017 cybersecurity incident, we were subject to a significant number of proceedings and investigations as described in "item 3. legal proceedings" in this form 10-k. we recorded expenses, net of insurance recoveries, of $800.9 million in other current liabilities and selling, general, and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of income (loss) for the twelve months ended december 31, 2019, exclusive of our legal and professional services expenses. the amount accrued represents our best estimate of the liability related to these matters. the company will continue to evaluate information as it becomes known and adjust accruals for new information and further developments in accordance with asc 450-20-25. while it is reasonably possible that losses exceeding the amount accrued may be incurred, it is not possible at this time to estimate the additional possible loss in excess of the amount already accrued that might result from adverse judgments, settlements, penalties or other resolution of the proceedings and investigations described in "item 3. legal proceedings" in this form 10-k.
judgments and uncertainties - we periodically review claims and legal proceedings and assess whether we have potential financial exposure based on consultation with internal and outside legal counsel and other advisors. if the likelihood of an adverse outcome from any claim or legal proceeding is probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated, we record a liability on our consolidated balance sheets for the estimated amount. if the likelihood of an adverse outcome is reasonably possible, but not probable, we provide disclosures related to the potential loss contingency. our assumptions related to loss contingencies are inherently subjective.
effect if actual results differ from assumptions - with the exception of the 2017 cybersecurity incident, we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions we use to determine loss contingencies. however, if facts and circumstances change in the future that change our belief regarding assumptions used to determine our estimates, we may be exposed to a loss that could be material.
income taxes we record deferred income taxes using enacted tax laws and rates for the years in which the taxes are expected to be paid. we assess the likelihood that our deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable income or other tax planning strategies. to the extent that we believe that recovery is not likely, we must establish a valuation allowance to reduce the deferred tax assets to the amount we estimate will be recoverable.
our income tax provisions are based on assumptions and calculations which will be subject to examination by various tax authorities. we record tax benefits for positions in which we believe are more likely than not of being sustained under such examinations. we assess the potential outcome of such examinations to determine the adequacy of our income tax accruals.
judgments and uncertainties - we consider accounting for income taxes critical because management is required to make significant judgments in determining our provision for income taxes, our deferred tax assets and liabilities, and our future taxable income for purposes of assessing our ability to realize any future benefit from our deferred tax assets. these judgments and estimates are affected by our expectations of future taxable income, mix of earnings among different taxing jurisdictions, and timing of the reversal of deferred tax assets and liabilities.
we also use our judgment to determine whether it is more likely than not that we will sustain positions that we have taken on tax returns and, if so, the amount of benefit to initially recognize within our financial statements. we review our uncertain tax positions and adjust our unrecognized tax benefits in light of changes in facts and circumstances, such as changes in tax law, interactions with taxing authorities and developments in case law. these adjustments to our unrecognized tax benefits may affect our income tax expense. settlement of uncertain tax positions may require use of our cash. at december 31, 2020, $27.1 million was recorded for uncertain tax benefits, including interest and penalties, of which it is reasonably possible that up to $6.8 million of our unrecognized tax benefit may change within the next twelve months.
effect if actual results differ from assumptions - although management believes that the judgments and estimates discussed herein are reasonable, actual results could differ, and we may be exposed to increases or decreases in income tax expense that could be material.
pension and other postretirement plans we consider accounting for our u.s. and canadian pension and other postretirement plans critical because management is required to make significant judgments about a number of actuarial assumptions, which include discount rates, expected return on plan assets, interest cost and mortality and retirement rates. actuarial valuations are used in determining our benefit obligation and net periodic benefit cost.
in the fourth quarter of 2020, we voluntarily changed our method of accounting for recognizing actuarial gains and losses and expected return on plan assets for our defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans. under the accounting method change, remeasurement of projected benefit obligation and plan assets are immediately recognized in earnings through net periodic benefit cost within other income (expense) on the consolidated statements of income (loss), with pension and postretirement plans to be remeasured annually in the fourth quarter or on an interim basis as triggering events require remeasurement. refer to note 1 of the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report for further discussion.
during 2020, we adopted the new mp-2020 mortality improvement scale in determining liability for the u.s. plans. the updated projection scale contributed to a slight decrease in the projected benefit obligation, partially offsetting the decrease in the discount rates in 2020, the net of which resulted in the increase of the projected benefit obligation as of december 31, 2020.
during 2019, we adopted the new pri-2012 mortality tables and mp-2019 mortality improvement projection scale in determining the liability for the u.s. plans. the updated mortality tables and projection scale, partially offset the decrease in the discount rates in 2019, the net of which resulted in the increase in the projected benefit obligation as of december 31, 2019.
during 2018, we adopted the new mp-2018 mortality improvement projection scale in determining the liability for the u.s. plans. this updated scale, along with the change in the discount rates, contributed to a decrease in the projected benefit obligation as of december 31, 2018.
judgments and uncertainties - we believe that the most significant assumptions related to our net periodic benefit cost are (1) the discount rate and (2) the expected return on plan assets offset by the actual return on assets, in each case as it relates to our u.s. pension plan. our canadian plan is not significant and the impact of changes in assumptions for that plan is not material.
we determine our discount rates primarily based on high-quality, fixed-income investments and yield-to-maturity analyses specific to our estimated future benefit payments available as of the measurement date. discount rates are reset annually on the measurement date to reflect current market conditions. to determine the discount rate for our u.s. pension and postretirement benefit plans, we use a bond matching approach to select specific bonds that would satisfy our projected benefit payments. we believe the bond matching approach reflects the process we would employ to settle our pension and postretirement benefit obligations. for our canadian plans we use a third-party yield curve to develop our discount rates. the yield curve provides discount rates related to a dedicated high-quality bond portfolio whose cash flows extend beyond the current period, from which we choose a rate matched to the expected benefit payments required for each plan. taking into consideration the factors noted above, our weighted-average discount rate used to determine benefit obligations was 2.56% at december 31, 2020.
the weighted average expected return on plan assets for 2020 was 6.46%. the weighted average expected return on plan assets for 2021 is 4.65%. the expected return on plan assets was based on the company's review of the asset allocation of the portfolio among various asset classes and represents an estimate of future experience for trust asset returns, reflects current and expected future market conditions along with recent changes to the asset allocations. the rate is net of investment and administrative expenses paid from the trust.
in 2019, the compensation committee of the board of directors approved the termination of the canadian pension plan. the canadian plan was frozen effective december 31, 2020 at which date we ceased accruing benefits for all active members. the obligation is expected to be settled in 2022 with lump sum distributions and an annuity purchase.
under the new method of accounting for our pension and postretirement benefit plans, the market-related value of our assets will be equal to our fair value of plan assets and are remeasured in the fourth quarter with gains and losses recognized through the consolidated statements of income. we do not expect our 2021 net periodic benefit income, which includes the effect of the market-related value of assets, to be materially different from our 2020 net periodic benefit income. see note 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report for details on changes in the pension benefit obligation and the fair value of plan assets.
effect if actual results differ from assumptions - we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions that are used in our actuarial valuations.
the effects of a hypothetical change in discount rate may be nonlinear and asymmetrical for future years as the discount rate changes. holding all other assumptions constant, an increase or decrease of 25 basis points in the december 31, 2020 discount rate assumption would have the following estimated effects on 2020 pension and other postretirement benefit plan obligations, which would be reflected in the 2020 mark-to-market expense (benefit), and 2021 expected pension and other postretirement benefit plan expense.
2021 pension and other postretirement benefit (benefit) expense              $(1.3)             $1.2
2020 pension and other postretirement benefit plan obligations and mark-to-market expense (benefit)               $20.6             $(21.7)
holding all other assumptions constant, an increase or decrease of 25 basis points in our december 31, 2020 expected return on plan assets would have the following estimated effects on 2021 expected pension and other postretirement benefit plan expense.
2021 pension and other postretirement benefit expense (benefit)                      $1.6             $(1.6)
in addition, holding all other assumptions constant, an increase or decrease of 100 basis points in actual versus expected return on plan assets would have the following estimated effects on our 2021 mark-to-market expense (benefit).
2021 pension and other postretirement benefit mark-to-market expense (benefit)                        $6.4              $(6.4)