item 1a. risk factors.
in evaluating our business, the risks described below, as well as the other information contained in this annual report on form 10-k, should be carefully considered. any one or more of such risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and stock price and could cause our actual results of operations and financial condition to vary materially from past or anticipated future results of operations and financial condition. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect us.
business risks the outbreak of the covid-19 pandemic and measures taken to prevent its spread are adversely affecting our business in a number of ways, and we are unable to predict the full extent of those impacts on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations, but the impact could be material.
the covid-19 pandemic is evolving, and the impact of covid-19, and the actions taken to contain its spread or address its impact, could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial results in the future. we continue to closely monitor developments related to the covid-19 pandemic to assess its ongoing impact on our business. the extent of this impact will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time, including, but not limited to, the transmission rate, duration and spread of the outbreak, its severity, the extent and effectiveness of the actions taken to contain the spread of the virus and address its impacts, and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume. factors that could negatively impact our ability to operate successfully during or following the covid-19 pandemic, or that could otherwise significantly adversely impact and disrupt our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations include, but are not limited to, the following:
•continued increases in healthcare costs due to higher utilization rates of medical facilities and services, medical expenses and other increases in associated hospital and pharmaceutical costs. we continue to offer our members expanded benefit coverage, such as providing full coverage for covid-19 testing and treatment and governmental action has required, and may continue to require, us to provide additional coverage.
•decreased predictability of medicare and medicaid rates due to changes in utilization of medical facilities and services, medical expenses, and other costs as a result of the impact of covid-19. we experienced rate adjustments from certain state medicaid regulators in 2020 in response to decreased utilization of medical facilities and services, and we may experience further adjustments in the future with regard to current and prior year rates.
•increased estimation uncertainty on our claims liability due to the impact of covid-19 on healthcare utilization and medical claims submission.
•a reduction in enrollment in our health benefits and pbm products and services, or a continued change in membership mix to less profitable lines of business, as a result of reductions in workforce by existing customers and other impacts of an economic downturn.
•cash flow volatility or shortfalls caused by an increase in delayed, delinquent or non-collectable payments from customers and government payers.
•reductions in our operating effectiveness as our employees work from home or otherwise are impacted by covid-19. the majority of our workforce continues to work remotely in an effort to mitigate the spread of covid-19, which may exacerbate certain risks to our business, including an increased demand for information technology resources, increased risk of phishing and other cybersecurity attacks, and increased risk of unauthorized dissemination of sensitive personal information or proprietary or confidential information about us, our members or other third parties.
•disruptions in our normal business operations due to disruptions in public and private infrastructure, including communications, financial services and supply chains.
•loss of functionality due to the disruption of services provided to us by third-party vendors, including as a result of financial difficulties experienced by such vendors and the impact of vendor employees working from home or otherwise being impacted by covid-19.
•a decrease in the value of our investments, which may result in losses charged to income.
•increased cost of capital and limited ability to access the capital markets due to disruption and volatility in global financial markets or a downgrade in our credit rating.
if we fail to appropriately predict, price for and manage healthcare costs, the profitability of our products could decline, which could materially adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
our profitability depends in large part on accurately predicting and pricing healthcare costs and on our ability to manage future healthcare costs through medical management, product design, negotiation of favorable provider contracts and underwriting criteria. total healthcare costs are affected by the number of individual services rendered, the cost of each service and the type of service rendered. numerous factors affecting the cost of healthcare may adversely affect our ability to predict and manage healthcare costs, as well as our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. these factors include, among others, changes in healthcare practices, demographic characteristics including the aging population, medical cost inflation, the introduction of new technologies, drugs and treatments, increased cost of individual services, increases in the cost and number of prescription drugs, clusters of high cost cases, increased use of services, including due to natural catastrophes or other large-scale medical emergencies, epidemics or pandemics such as covid-19, new treatment guidelines, new mandated benefits (such as the expansion of essential benefits coverage) and changes to other regulations impacting our business, such as the health plan price transparency regulations issued in october 2020 by the u.s. departments of health and human services, labor and treasury (the "health plan transparency rule") and the appropriations act.
relatively small differences between predicted and actual medical costs or utilization rates as a percentage of premium revenues can result in significant changes in our results of operations. generally, our premiums on commercial policies and medicaid contracts are fixed for a 12-month period and are determined several months prior to the commencement of the premium period. our revenue on medicare policies is based on bids submitted to cms six months prior to the start of the contract year. accordingly, the costs we incur in excess of our benefit cost projections generally are not recovered in the contract year through higher premiums. existing medicaid contract rates are often established by the applicable state, and our actual costs may exceed those rates. although we base our commercial premiums, our medicare and medicaid bids, and our acceptance of state-established medicaid rates on our estimates of future medical costs over the fixed contract period, many factors, including those discussed above, may cause actual costs to exceed those estimated and reflected in premiums and bids.
although federal and state premium and risk adjustment mechanisms could help offset healthcare benefit costs in excess of our projections if our assumptions utilized in setting our premium rates are significantly different than actual results, our results of operations and financial condition could still be adversely affected. the reserves that we establish for health insurance policy benefits and other contractual rights and benefits are based upon assumptions concerning a number of factors, including trends in healthcare costs, expenses, general economic conditions and other factors. to the extent the actual claims experience is unfavorable as compared to our underlying assumptions, our incurred losses would increase and future earnings could be adversely affected.
in addition to the challenge of managing healthcare costs, we face pressure to contain premium rates. our customers may renegotiate their contracts to seek to contain their costs or may move to a competitor to obtain more favorable premiums. further, federal and state regulatory agencies may restrict or prevent entirely our ability to implement changes in premium rates. a limitation on our ability to increase or maintain our premium or reimbursement levels or a significant loss of membership resulting from our need to increase or maintain premium or reimbursement levels could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
a significant reduction in the enrollment in our health benefits programs or pbm products or services, particularly in states where we have large regional concentrations, could have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
a significant reduction in the number of enrollees in our health benefits programs or pbm products or services could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. factors that could contribute to a reduction in enrollment include: reductions in workforce by existing customers; a general economic upturn that results in fewer individuals being eligible for medicaid programs; a general economic downturn that results in business failures and high unemployment rates, as has been experienced as a result of the covid-19 pandemic; employers no longer offering certain healthcare coverage as an employee benefit or electing to offer coverage on a voluntary, employee-funded basis; participation on public exchanges; federal and state regulatory changes; failure to obtain new customers or retain existing
customers; premium increases and benefit changes; our exit from a specific market; negative publicity and news coverage; and failure to attain or maintain nationally recognized accreditations.
the states in which we operate that have the largest concentrations of revenues include california, florida, georgia, indiana, new york, ohio, texas and virginia. due to this concentration of business in these states, we are exposed to potential losses resulting from the risk of state-specific or regional economic downturns impacting these states. if any such negative economic conditions do not improve, we may experience a reduction in existing and new business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
a cyber attack or other privacy or data security incident could result in an unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential information, cause a loss of data, disrupt a large amount of our operations, give rise to remediation or other expenses, expose us to liability under federal and state laws, and subject us to litigation and investigations, which could have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
as part of our normal operations, we collect, process and retain certain sensitive and confidential information. we are subject to a variety of continuously evolving federal, state and international laws and rules regarding the use and disclosure of certain sensitive or confidential information, including hipaa, the hitech act, the gramm-leach-bliley act and numerous state laws governing personal information. our facilities and systems, and those of our third-party service providers, are regularly the target of, and may be vulnerable to, cyber attacks, security breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors or other threats.
we have been, and may in the future be subject to litigation and governmental investigations related to cyber attacks and security breaches, which could divert the attention of management from the operation of our business, result in reputational damage and have a material adverse impact on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. while we have contingency plans and insurance coverage for potential liabilities of this nature, they may not be sufficient to cover all claims and liabilities.
we cannot ensure that we will be able to identify, prevent or contain the effects of cyber attacks or other cybersecurity risks that bypass our security measures or disrupt our information technology systems or business. we have security technologies, processes and procedures in place to protect against cybersecurity risks and security breaches. however, hardware, software or applications we develop or procure from third parties may contain defects in design, manufacturer defects or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise information security. in addition, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems change frequently, are becoming increasingly sophisticated, and may not immediately produce signs of intrusion, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques, timely discover or counter them or implement adequate preventative measures. viruses, worms or other malicious software programs may be used to attack our systems or otherwise exploit any security vulnerabilities, and such security attacks may cause system disruptions or shutdowns, or may cause personal information or proprietary or confidential information to be misappropriated or compromised. as a result, cybersecurity and the continued development and enhancement of our controls, processes and practices designed to protect our systems, computers, software, data and networks from attack, damage and unauthorized access remain a priority for us.
noncompliance with any privacy or security laws and regulations, or any security breach, cyber attack or cybersecurity breach, and any incident involving the misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure or use of, or access to, sensitive or confidential information, whether by us or by one of our third-party service providers, could require us to expend significant resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures and to remediate any damage. in addition, this could negatively affect our operations, cause system disruptions, damage our reputation, cause membership losses and contract breaches, and could also result in regulatory enforcement actions, material fines and penalties, litigation or other actions that could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
there are various risks associated with participating in medicaid and medicare programs, including dependence upon government funding and the timing of payments, compliance with government contracts and increased regulatory oversight.
we contract with various federal and state agencies, including cms, to provide managed healthcare services, such as medicare advantage, medicare part d, medicare supplement, medicaid, tanf, spd, ltss, chip, aca-related medicaid expansion programs and various specialty programs. we also provide various administrative services for several other entities
offering medical and/or prescription drug plans to their medicaid or medicare eligible members through our affiliated companies, and we offer employer group waiver plans which provide medical and/or prescription drug coverage to retirees. we are also participating in programs in several states for the care of dual-eligible members. regulatory reform initiatives or changes in existing laws or regulations applicable to these programs, or their interpretations, are difficult to predict and could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
revenues from the medicare and medicaid programs are dependent, in whole or in part, upon annual funding from the federal government and/or applicable state governments, and base premium rates paid by each state or federal agency differ depending upon a combination of factors such as defined upper payment limits, a member's health status, age, gender, county or region, benefit mix, member eligibility category and risk scores. future rates may be affected by continued government efforts to contain costs as well as federal and state budgetary constraints, and certain state contracts are subject to cancellation in the event of the unavailability of state funds. additionally, ongoing cms system changes related to the data it uses to calculate risk scores in the medicare advantage program may impact our federal funding. if the federal government or any state in which we operate were to decrease rates paid to us, pay us less than the amount necessary to keep pace with our cost trends, cancel our contracts retroactively or seek an adjustment to previously negotiated rates, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, various states' mmps are still subject to uncertainty surrounding payment rates and other requirements, which could affect where we seek to participate in these programs. an unexpected reduction in payments, inadequate government funding or significantly delayed payments for these programs may adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
other potential risks associated with medicare advantage and medicare part d plans include increased medical or pharmaceutical costs, data corrections identified as a result of ongoing auditing and monitoring activities, potential uncollectability of receivables resulting from processing and/or verifying enrollment, inadequacy of underwriting assumptions, inability to receive and process correct information (including inability due to systems issues by the federal government, the applicable state government or us), uncollectability of premiums from members, and limited enrollment periods. actual results may be materially different than our assumptions and estimates and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. finally, there is the possibility that the medicare advantage program could be significantly impacted by any future modification, repeal or replacement of the aca.
our contracts with cms and state governmental agencies contain certain provisions regarding data submission, risk adjustment, provider network maintenance, quality measures, claims payment, encounter data, continuity of care, call center performance and other requirements specific to federal and state program regulations. we have been subject in the past, and may again be in the future, to administrative actions, fines, penalties, liquidated damages or retrospective adjustments in payments made to our health plans as a result of a failure to comply with those requirements, which has impacted and in the future could impact our profitability. due to decreased utilization of medical facilities and services as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, we experienced retroactive rate adjustments by certain state medicaid agencies, and rate adjustments may continue in the future. as members have accessed care during the covid-19 pandemic, we have experienced increased difficulty obtaining provider information required by cms and state governmental agencies and, as a result, may have difficulty meeting these quality measures. in addition, we could be required to file a corrective plan of action with additional penalties for noncompliance, which could have a negative impact on future membership enrollment levels. further, our existing cms or state medicaid contracts have not always been renewed, we have not always been awarded new contracts as a result of the competitive procurement process, and in some cases we have lost members under existing contracts as a result of a post-award challenge, each of which could take place again in the future and have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
further, the star rating system utilized by cms to evaluate medicare advantage plans may have a significant effect on our revenue, as higher-rated plans tend to experience increased enrollment and plans with a star rating of 4.0 or higher are eligible for quality-based bonus payments and can market to and enroll members year-round. if we do not maintain or continue to improve our star ratings, fail to meet or exceed our competitors' star ratings, or if quality-based bonus payments are reduced or eliminated, we may experience a negative impact on our revenues and the benefits that our plans can offer, which could materially and adversely affect the marketability of our plans, our membership levels, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. similarly, if we fail to meet or exceed any performance standards imposed by state medicaid programs in which we participate, we may not receive performance-based bonus payments or may incur penalties.
in addition, our failure to comply with federal and state healthcare laws and regulations applicable to our participation in medicaid and medicare programs, including those directed at preventing fraud, abuse and discrimination in government-funded programs, could result in investigations, litigation, fines, restrictions on, or exclusions from, program participation, or the imposition of corporate integrity agreements or other agreements with a federal or state governmental agency, any of which could adversely impact our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
we are periodically subject to government audits, including cms risk adjustment data validation ("radv") audits of our medicare advantage plans to validate diagnostic data, patient claims and financial reporting, and audits of our medicare part d plans by the medicare part d recovery audit contractor ("rac") as well as state medicaid rac programs authorized by the aca. these audits could result in significant adjustments in payments made to our health plans, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. if we fail to report and correct errors discovered through our own auditing procedures or during a radv or rac audit, or otherwise fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, we could be subject to fines, civil penalties or other sanctions which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to participate in these programs, and on our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
our medicare and medicaid contracts are also subject to various mlr rules, including minimum mlr thresholds, rebate requirements and audits, which could adversely affect our membership and revenues if any of our state medicare or medicaid plans do not meet an applicable minimum mlr threshold. if a medicare advantage, mmp or medicare part d contract pays minimum mlr rebates for three consecutive years, it will become ineligible to participate in open enrollment. if a medicare advantage or medicare part d contract pays such rebates for five consecutive years, it will be terminated by cms.
a change in our healthcare product mix may impact our profitability.
our healthcare products that involve greater potential risk generally tend to be more profitable than administrative services products and those healthcare products where the employer groups assume the underwriting risks. individuals and small employer groups are more likely to purchase our higher-risk healthcare products because such purchasers are generally unable or unwilling to bear greater liability for healthcare expenditures. typically, government-sponsored programs also involve our higher-risk healthcare products. a shift of enrollees from more profitable products to less profitable products could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
if we fail to develop and maintain satisfactory relationships with hospitals, physicians, pbm service providers and other healthcare providers, our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.
our profitability is dependent in part upon our ability to contract on favorable terms with hospitals, physicians, pbm service providers and supply chain partners and other healthcare providers. physicians, hospitals and other healthcare providers may elect not to contract with us, and the failure to secure or maintain cost-effective healthcare provider contracts on competitive terms may result in a loss of membership or higher medical costs, which could adversely affect our business. in addition, consolidation among healthcare providers, aco practice management companies, and other organizational structures that physicians, hospitals and other care providers choose, as well as the ability of larger employers to contract directly with providers, may change the way that these providers interact with us and may change the competitive landscape. such organizations or groups of physicians may compete directly with us, which may impact our relationship with these providers or affect the way that we price our products and estimate our costs and may require us to incur costs to change our operations, which could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, price transparency initiatives, such as the health plan transparency rule, may impact our ability to obtain or maintain favorable contract terms. for example, beginning in 2021, hospitals will be required to publish online payer-specific negotiated charges for each item or services the hospital provides.
our inability to contract with providers, or if providers attempt to use their market position to negotiate more favorable contracts or place us at a competitive disadvantage, or the inability of providers to provide adequate care, could adversely affect our business. in addition, we do not have contracts with all providers that render services to our members and, as a result, may not have a pre-established agreement about the amount of compensation those out-of-network providers will accept for the services they render, which can result in significant litigation or arbitration proceedings, or provider attempts to obtain payment from our members for the difference between the amount we have paid and the amount they have charged.
we are dependent on the success of our relationships with third parties for various services and functions.
we contract with various third parties to perform certain functions and services and provide us with certain information technology systems. certain of these third parties provide us with significant portions of our business infrastructure and operating requirements. for example, a single vendor provides us with a wide range of technology infrastructure services, including end user (help desk and field support), data center, mainframe, storage and database services, cloud infrastructure and multi-cloud management services, and we are subject to the risks of any operational failure, termination or other restraints in this arrangement. we could become overly dependent on key vendors, which could cause us to lose core competencies. a termination of our agreements with, or disruption in the performance of, one or more of these service providers could result in service disruptions or unavailability, reduced service quality and effectiveness, increased or duplicative costs or an inability to meet our obligations to our customers. in addition, we may also have to seek alternative service providers, which may be unavailable or only available on less favorable contract terms. any of these outcomes could adversely affect our business, reputation, cash flows, financial condition and operating results.
our pbm services business in particular would be adversely affected if we are unable to contract on favorable terms with third-party vendors, including pharmaceutical manufacturers. we delegate certain pbm administrative functions, such as claims processing and prescription fulfillment, to cvs health pursuant to the cvs pbm agreement. if cvs health fails to provide pbm services as contractually required, we may not be able to meet the full demands of our customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation and results of operations. for additional information on the cvs pbm agreement, see "business - product and service descriptions," in part i, item 1 of this annual report on form 10-k.
the failure to effectively maintain and upgrade our information systems could adversely affect our business.
our business depends significantly on effective information systems, and we have many different information systems for our various businesses, including those that we have acquired as a result of our merger and acquisition activities. our information systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain and enhance existing systems and develop new systems in order to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, emerging cybersecurity risks and threats, changing customer preferences, evolving industry and regulatory standards and legal requirements, including as a result of the aca, the health plan transparency rule, the appropriations act and proposed federal data interoperability regulations. in addition, we may from time to time obtain significant portions of our systems-related or other services or facilities from independent third parties, which may make our operations vulnerable if such third parties fail to perform adequately.
failure to adequately implement and maintain effective and efficient information systems with sufficiently advanced technological capabilities, or our failure to efficiently and effectively consolidate our information systems to eliminate redundant or obsolete applications, could result in competitive and cost disadvantages to us compared to our competitors, and a diversion of management's time and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. if the information we rely upon to run our business were found to be inaccurate or unreliable or if we fail to adequately maintain our information systems and data integrity effectively, we could experience problems in determining medical cost estimates and establishing appropriate pricing and reserves, have disputes with customers and providers, face regulatory problems, including sanctions and penalties, incur increases in operating expenses or suffer other adverse consequences, including a decrease in membership.
large-scale medical emergencies may have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
natural disasters, war, terrorism, political events, global climate change and other similar occurrences could create large-scale medical emergencies or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. large-scale medical emergencies can take many forms and can cause widespread illness and death and have other far-reaching impact. for example, the ongoing covid-19 global pandemic has caused illness, deaths, quarantines, business and school shutdowns, reductions in business activity, travel and financial transactions, unemployment, labor shortages, supply chain interruptions and overall economic and financial market instability. in addition, federal and state law enforcement officials have issued warnings about potential terrorist activity involving biological and other weapons, and natural disasters such as hurricanes and the potential for a widespread pandemic of influenza or other illness coupled with the lack of availability of appropriate preventative medicines could have a significant impact on the health of the population
of widespread areas. if the united states were to experience widespread bioterrorism or other attacks, large-scale natural disasters in our concentrated coverage areas or an epidemic or pandemic such as the ongoing covid-19 pandemic, our covered medical expenses could rise, our operations could be interrupted and we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations or, in the event of extreme circumstances, our viability could be threatened. furthermore, global climate change could result in certain types of natural disasters occurring more frequently or with more intense effects, and may have a long-term effect on general economic conditions and the healthcare or pharmacy industry in particular, which could adversely affect our business and financial results. for additional information, see the risk factor above describing the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
legal, regulatory and public policy risks we are subject to significant government regulation, and changes or proposed changes in the regulation of our business by federal and state regulators may adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations and the market price of our securities.
we are subject to significant state and federal regulation associated with many aspects of our business, including, but not limited to, licensing, premiums, marketing activities, provider contracting, access and payment standards, and corporate governance and financial reporting matters, as described in greater detail in part i, item 1 "business-regulation" in this annual report on form 10-k. further, the integration into our business of entities that we acquire, or the expansion of our business into new areas, may affect the way in which existing laws and rules apply to us, including by subjecting us to laws and rules that did not previously apply to us.
changes in existing laws, rules and regulatory interpretation or future laws, rules, regulatory interpretations or judgments could force us to change how we conduct our business, affect the products we offer (and where we offer them), restrict revenue and enrollment growth, increase our costs, including operating, healthcare technology and administrative costs, restrict our ability to obtain new product approvals and implement changes in premium rates and require enhancements to our compliance infrastructure and internal controls environment, which could adversely impact our business and results of operations. in addition, legislative and/or regulatory policies or proposals that seek to manage the healthcare industry or otherwise impact our business may cause the market price of our securities to decrease, even if such policies or proposals never become effective.
we are required to obtain and maintain insurance and other regulatory approvals to market certain of our products, to increase prices for certain regulated products and to consummate some of our acquisitions and dispositions. delays in obtaining or failure to obtain or maintain these approvals, as well as future regulatory action by state or federal authorities, could have a material adverse effect on the profitability or marketability of our health benefits or managed care products or on our business, financial condition and results of operations. for example, requirements in the health plan transparency rule and the appropriations act including the price comparison tool and other requirements have the potential to increase healthcare costs and our operating costs in order to comply, and also may impact provider negotiations and market pricing. in addition, changes in government regulations or policies that apply to government-sponsored programs such as medicare and medicaid including, among other things, reimbursement levels, eligibility requirements, benefit coverage requirements and additional governmental participation, could also adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. where states allow certain programs to expire or have not opted for medicaid expansion under the aca, we could experience reduced medicaid enrollment and reduced growth opportunities. if future modifications to laws and regulations significantly reduce medicaid enrollment, our medicaid business will be negatively impacted.
we have experienced assessments in the past under state or federal insolvency or guaranty association laws applicable to insurance companies, hmos and other payers, and may experience assessments in the future if, for example, premiums established by other companies for their health insurance products, including certain long-term care products, are inadequate to cover their costs. any such assessment could expose us to the risk of paying a portion of an impaired or insolvent insurance company's claims through state guaranty associations. we are not currently able to estimate our potential financial obligations, losses, or the availability of offsets associated with potential guaranty association assessments; however, any significant increase in guaranty association assessments could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
we expect state legislatures will continue to focus on healthcare delivery and financing issues, including actions to reduce or limit increases to premium payments, provider billing protections, and broader reforms of their health insurance markets. state ballot initiatives can also be put to voters that would substantially impair our operating environment. if enacted into law, these state proposals could have a material adverse impact on our business, cash flows, operations or financial condition.
additionally, from time to time, congress has considered, and may consider in the future, various forms of managed care reform legislation which, if adopted, could fundamentally alter the treatment of coverage decisions under erisa and could increase our costs, expose us to expanded liability or require us to revise the ways in which we conduct business. there have been legislative attempts to limit erisa's preemptive effect on state laws and litigants' ability to seek damages beyond the benefits offered under their plans. if adopted, such limitations could increase our liability exposure, permit greater state regulation of our operations, and expand the scope of damages, including punitive damages, litigants could be awarded.
the ongoing changes to the aca and related laws and regulations could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
the ongoing changes in federal and state laws and regulations stemming from the aca, including the steps that have been taken to amend, repeal and limit the scope and application of the aca, continue to represent significant challenges to the u.s. healthcare system. we are unable to predict how these events will ultimately be resolved, what impact the 2020 u.s. presidential and senate elections may have, and what the ultimate impact may be on our business, including, but not limited to, our products, services, processes and technology, and on our relationships with current and future customers and healthcare providers. the legal challenges regarding the aca, including a federal district court decision invalidating the aca in its entirety, which was argued before the u.s. supreme court in november 2020 and has been stayed pending the u.s. supreme court's decision, continue to contribute to this uncertainty. further regulations and modifications to the aca at the federal or state level, including a judicial invalidation of the aca, could significantly impact the market for our products, the regulations applicable to us and the fees and taxes payable by us and otherwise have significant effects on our business and future operations, some of which may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
in general, the risk pool for the individual market, which includes public exchange markets, has become less healthy since its inception in 2014 and continues to exhibit risk volatility. in addition, insurers have faced uncertainties related to federal government funding for various aca programs. based on our experience in public exchange markets to date, we have made adjustments to our premium rates and geographic participation, and will continue to evaluate the performance of our public exchange plans, the future viability of the public exchanges and availability of federal subsidies, and may make further adjustments to our rates and participation going forward. these factors may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations if premiums are not adequate or do not appropriately reflect the acuity of these individuals. any variation from our expectations regarding acuity, enrollment levels, adverse selection, or other assumptions utilized in setting premium rates could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.
for additional information related to the aca, see part i, item 1 "business" and part ii, item 7 "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of this annual report on form 10-k.
we are subject to various risks associated with our international operations.
certain of our subsidiaries that provide services to some of our health plans operate internationally and are subject to regulation in the jurisdictions in which they are organized or conduct business related to, among other things, taxation, intellectual property, investment, management control, labor, anti-fraud, anti-corruption and privacy and data protection regulations. in addition, we are subject to u.s. laws that regulate the conduct and activities of u.s.-based businesses operating abroad, such as the foreign corrupt practices act. violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines, criminal sanctions against us, our officers or employees, restrictions or outright prohibitions on the conduct of our business and significant reputational harm.
we face risks related to litigation.
we are, and may in the future be, a party to a variety of legal actions that may affect our business, such as administrative charges before government agencies, employment and employment discrimination-related suits, employee benefit claims, breach of contract actions, tort claims and intellectual property-related litigation. in addition, because of the nature of our
business, we are subject to a variety of legal actions relating to our business operations, including the design, administration and offering of our products and services. these could include claims relating to the denial or limitation of healthcare benefits; federal and state false claims act laws; dispensing of drugs associated with our pbm business; professional liability claims arising out of the delivery of healthcare and related services to the public; development or application of medical policies and coverage and clinical guidelines; medical malpractice actions; product liability claims; allegations of anti-competitive and unfair business activities; provider disputes over reimbursement and contracts; provider tiering programs; narrow networks; termination of provider contracts; the recovery of overpayments from providers; self-funded business; disputes over co-payment calculations; reimbursement of out-of-network claims; the failure to disclose certain business practices; the failure to comply with various state or federal laws, including but not limited to, erisa and the mental health parity act; and customer audits and contract performance, including government contracts. these actions or proceedings could result in substantial costs to us, require our officers to spend substantial time focused on the litigation, and result in negative media attention, and may adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we are also involved in, or may in the future be party to, pending or threatened litigation of the character incidental to the business we transact or arising out of our operations, including, but not limited to, breaches of security and violations of privacy requirements, shareholder actions, compliance with federal and state laws and regulations (including qui tam or "whistleblower" actions), or sales and acquisitions of businesses or assets (including as a result of the now terminated agreement and plan of merger between us and cigna corporation, or as more fully described under note 14, "commitments and contingencies - litigation and regulatory proceedings - cigna corporation merger litigation," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k). from time to time, we are involved as a party in various governmental investigations, audits, reviews and administrative proceedings, including challenges relating to the award of government contracts. these investigations, audits and reviews include routine and special investigations by various state insurance departments, various federal regulators including cms and the hhs office of inspector general, state attorneys general, the department of justice, and various offices of the u.s. attorney general. following an investigation, we may be subject to civil or criminal fines, penalties and other sanctions if we are determined to be in violation of applicable laws or regulations. liabilities that may result from these actions could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition.
recent court decisions and legislative activity may increase our exposure for any of these types of claims. in some cases, substantial non-economic (including injunctive relief), treble or punitive damages may be sought. although we maintain insurance coverage for some of these potential liabilities, some liabilities and damages may not be covered by insurance, insurers may dispute coverage or the amount of insurance may not be enough to cover the damages awarded. in addition, insurance coverage for all or certain forms of liability may become unavailable or prohibitively expensive in the future. any adverse judgment against us resulting in such damage awards could result in negative publicity and have an adverse effect on our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition.
there are various risks associated with providing healthcare services.
the direct provision of healthcare services by certain of our subsidiaries involves risks of additional litigation arising from medical malpractice actions based on our treatment decisions or brought against us or our associates for alleged malpractice or professional liability claims arising out of the delivery of healthcare and related services. in addition, liability may arise from maintaining healthcare premises that serve the public. the defense of any actions may result in significant expenses, and if we fail to maintain adequate insurance coverage for these liabilities, or if such insurance is not available, the resulting costs could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
additionally, many states in which certain of our subsidiaries operate limit the practice of medicine to licensed individuals or professional organizations comprised of licensed individuals. business corporations generally may not exercise control over the medical decisions of physicians, and we are not licensed to practice medicine. rules and regulations relating to the practice of medicine, fee-splitting between physicians and referral sources, and similar issues vary from state to state. further, certain federal and state laws, including those covering our medicare and medicaid plans, prohibit the offer, payment, solicitation or receipt of any form of remuneration to induce, or in return for, the referral of patient care opportunities and also generally prohibit physicians from making referrals to any entity providing certain designated health services if the referring physician or related person has an ownership or financial interest in the entity. any enforcement
actions by governmental officials alleging non-compliance with these rules and regulations could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
our pbm services business and related operations are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that are in addition to those we face in our core healthcare business.
we provide pbm services through our ingeniorx business, and we are responsible to regulators and our customers for the delivery of those pbm services that we contract to provide. our pbm services business is subject to the risks inherent in the dispensing, packaging, fulfillment and distribution of pharmaceuticals and other healthcare products, including exposure to liabilities and reputational harm related to purported dispensing and other operational errors by us or our pbm services suppliers. any failure by us or one of our pbm services suppliers to adhere to the laws and regulations applicable to the dispensing of pharmaceuticals could subject our pbm business to civil and criminal penalties.
our pbm services business is subject to federal and state laws and regulations that govern its relationships with pharmaceutical manufacturers, physicians, pharmacies and customers, including without limitation, federal and state anti-kickback laws, beneficiary inducement laws, consumer protection laws, erisa, hipaa and laws related to the operation of internet and mail-service pharmacies, as well as an increasing number of licensure, registration and other laws and accreditation standards that impact the business practices of a pbm services business. in addition, the practice of pharmacy is subject to federal and state laws and regulation, including those of state boards of pharmacy, individual state-controlled substance authorities, the u.s. drug enforcement agency and the u.s. food and drug administration. also, we and our third-party vendors are subject to registration requirements and state and federal laws concerning labeling, packaging, advertising, handling and adulteration of prescription drugs and dispensing of controlled substances. noncompliance with applicable laws and regulations by us or our third-party vendors could have material adverse effects on our business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and reputation.
federal and state legislatures also regularly consider new regulations and changes to existing regulations for the industry that could materially affect current industry practices and our business, including the regulation implemented by hhs in november 2020 related to rebates and the pricing of pharmaceuticals, the appropriations act, and potential new regulations regarding rebates, fees from pharmaceutical companies, the development and use of formularies and other utilization management tools, the use of average wholesale prices or other pricing benchmarks, pricing for specialty pharmaceuticals, limited access to networks and pharmacy network reimbursement methodologies. in december 2020, the u.s. supreme court let stand an arkansas law regulating pbms that may be a precursor to greater state regulation of pbms.
we are a party to license agreements with the bcbsa that entitle us to the exclusive and, in certain areas, non-exclusive use of the bcbs names and marks in our geographic territories. the termination of these license agreements or changes in the terms and conditions of these license agreements could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
our license agreements with the bcbsa contain certain requirements and restrictions regarding our operations and our use of the bcbs names and marks, and failure to comply with those requirements could result in a termination of the license agreements. the license agreements may be modified by the bcbsa, which could have a material adverse effect on our future expansion plans or results of operations. further, bcbs licensees have certain requirements to perform administrative services for members of other bcbs licensees. as of december 31, 2020, we provided services to approximately 32 million blue cross and/or blue shield enrollees. if we or another bcbs licensee are not in compliance with all legal requirements or are unable to perform administrative services as required, this could have an adverse effect on our members and our ability to maintain our licenses, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
upon the occurrence of an event causing termination of the license agreements, we would no longer have the right to use the bcbs names and marks or to sell bcbs health insurance products and services in one or more of our service areas. furthermore, the bcbsa would be free to issue a license to use the bcbs names and marks in these service areas to another entity. our existing bcbs members would be provided with instructions for obtaining alternative products and services licensed by the bcbsa. we believe that the bcbs names and marks are valuable identifiers of our products and services in the marketplace.
upon termination of either license agreement, the bcbsa would have the right to impose a "re-establishment fee" upon us, which would be used in part to fund the establishment of a replacement blue cross and/or blue shield licensee in the vacated service area. the fee is set at $98.33 per licensed enrollee. if the re-establishment fee was applied to our total blue cross and/or blue shield enrollees of approximately 32 million as of december 31, 2020, we would be assessed approximately $3 billion by the bcbsa. as a result, termination of the license agreements would have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
for more information on the bcbsa license agreements, including requirements, restrictions and termination events set forth in these license agreements, see part i, item 1, "business - bcbsa licenses" of this annual report on form 10-k.
indiana law, other applicable laws, our articles of incorporation and bylaws, and provisions of our bcbsa license agreements may prevent or discourage takeovers and business combinations that our shareholders might consider to be in their best interest.
indiana law, other applicable laws and regulations and provisions in our articles of incorporation and bylaws may delay, defer, prevent or render more difficult a takeover attempt that our shareholders might consider to be in their best interests. for instance, they may prevent our shareholders from receiving the benefit from any premium to the market price of our common stock offered by a bidder in a takeover context or adversely affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our stock.
the insurance holding company acts and certain health statutes of the states in which our insurance company or hmo subsidiaries are regulated restrict the ability of any person to obtain control of an insurance company or hmo without prior regulatory approval. further, the indiana business corporation law contains business combination provisions that, in general, prohibit for five years any business combination with a beneficial owner of 10% or more of our common stock unless the holder's acquisition of the stock was approved in advance by our board of directors.
our articles of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that could have anti-takeover effects and may delay, defer or prevent a takeover attempt that our shareholders might consider to be in their best interests. our articles of incorporation provide that no person may beneficially own shares of voting capital stock in excess of specified ownership limits, except with the prior approval of a majority of the "continuing directors." the ownership limits, which may not be exceeded without the prior approval of the bcbsa, are the following: (1) for any institutional investor (as defined in our articles of incorporation), one share less than 10% of our outstanding voting securities; (2) for any non-institutional investor (as defined in our articles of incorporation), one share less than 5% of our outstanding voting securities; and (3) for any person, one share less than the number of shares of our common stock or other equity securities (or a combination thereof) representing a 20% ownership interest in us.
in addition, our articles of incorporation and bylaws: divide our board of directors into three classes serving staggered three-year terms (which is required by our license agreement with the bcbsa); permit our board of directors to determine the terms of and issue one or more series of preferred stock without further action by shareholders; restrict the maximum number of directors and the ability to increase that number; limit the ability of shareholders to remove directors; impose restrictions on shareholders' ability to fill vacancies on our board of directors; impose advance notice requirements for shareholder proposals and nominations of directors to be considered at meetings of shareholders; prohibit shareholders from amending certain provisions of our bylaws; and impose restrictions on who may call a special meeting of shareholders.
the health benefits industry is subject to negative publicity, which could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
the health benefits industry is subject to negative publicity, which can arise from, among other things, increases in premium rates, industry consolidation, cost of care initiatives and debate around existing or proposed legislation. negative publicity may result in increased regulation and legislative review of industry practices, which may further increase our costs of doing business and adversely affect our profitability by limiting our ability to market or provide our products and services, requiring us to change our products and services, or increasing the regulatory oversight under which we operate. in addition, any negative publicity concerning the bcbsa or other bcbsa licensees may adversely affect us and the sale of our health benefits products and services. negative public perception or publicity of the health benefits industry in general, the bcbsa, other bcbsa licensees, or us or our key vendors in particular, could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
strategic risks we face competition in many of our markets, and if we fail to adequately adapt to changes in our industry and develop and implement strategic growth opportunities, our ability to compete and grow may be adversely affected.
as a health benefits company, we operate in a highly competitive environment and in an industry that is subject to significant changes from and competition due to legislative reform, business consolidations, new strategic alliances, new market entrants, aggressive marketing practices, technological advancements and changing market practices such as increasing usage of telehealth. we also will have to respond to pricing and other actions taken by existing competitors and potentially disruptive new entrants in the public exchanges and in our other lines of business. these factors have produced and will likely continue to produce significant pressures on our profitability. furthermore, decisions to buy our products and services are increasingly made or influenced by consumers, through means such as direct purchasing (for example, medicare advantage plans) and insurance exchanges that allow individual choice, or by large employers that may increasingly have the ability to contract directly with providers. this creates unique market pressures, and in order to compete effectively in the consumer-driven marketplace, we will be required to develop and deliver innovative and potentially disruptive products and services to satisfy evolving market demands.
in addition, the pbm industry is highly competitive, and ingeniorx is subject to competition from national, regional and local pbms, other insurers, health plans, large retail pharmacy chains, large retail stores, supermarkets, other mail order and web pharmacies, discount cards and specialty pharmacies. strong competition within the pbm business has generated greater demand for lower product and service pricing, increased revenue sharing and enhanced product and service offerings. our inability to maintain positive trends, contract on favorable terms with pharmaceutical manufacturers for, among other things, rebates, discounts and administrative fees or a failure to identify and implement new ways to mitigate pricing pressures, could negatively impact our ability to attract or retain customers, negatively impact our margins and have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. in addition, legislative reforms such as the regulation issued by hhs in november 2020 related to rebates, and the appropriations act, which requires reporting of plan spending, the cost of plan pharmacy benefits, enrollee premiums and any manufacturer rebates received by the plan or issuer, may adversely affect our competitive position, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
in order to profitably grow our business in the future, we need to not only grow our profitable medical membership, but also continue to diversify our sources of revenue and earnings, including through the increased sale of our specialty products, such as dental, vision and other supplemental products, expansion of products, expansion of our non-insurance assets and establishment of new cost of care solutions, including innovations in pbm services. if we are unable to acquire or develop and successfully manage new opportunities that further our strategic objectives and differentiate our products from our competitors, our ability to profitably grow our business could be adversely affected.
we are currently dependent on the non-exclusive services of independent agents and brokers in the marketing of our healthcare products, particularly with respect to individuals, seniors and local group customers. we face intense competition for the services and allegiance of these independent agents and brokers, who may also market the products of our competitors. our relationship with our brokers and independent agents could be adversely impacted by changes in our business practices to address legislative changes, including potential reductions in commissions and consulting fees paid to agents and brokers. we cannot ensure that we will be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors for these services or that competitive pressures faced by us will not materially and adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
for additional information, see "business - competition," in part i, item 1 of this annual report on form 10-k.
we have built a significant portion of our current business through mergers and acquisitions, joint ventures and strategic alliances, and we expect to pursue such opportunities in the future.
the following are some of the risks associated with mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures and strategic alliances, referred to collectively as business combinations, that could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations:
•some of the business combinations may not achieve anticipated revenues, earnings or cash flow, business opportunities, synergies, growth prospects and other anticipated benefits;
•we may assume liabilities that were not disclosed to us or which were underestimated;
•we may experience difficulties in integrating business combinations, be unable to integrate business combinations successfully or as quickly as expected and be unable to realize anticipated economic, operational and other benefits in a timely manner or at all;
•business combinations, and proposed business combinations that are not completed, could disrupt our ongoing business, lead to the incurrence of significant fees, distract management, result in the loss of key employees, divert resources, result in tax costs or inefficiencies and make it difficult to maintain our current business standards, controls, information technology systems, policies and procedures;
•we may finance future business combinations by issuing common stock for some or all of the purchase price, which could dilute the ownership interests of our shareholders;
•we may compete with other firms, some of which may have greater financial and other resources, to acquire attractive companies;
•we may experience disputes with our partners in our strategic alliances and joint ventures, which could result in litigation or a loss of business; and
•future business combinations may make it difficult to comply with the requirements of the bcbsa and lead to an increased risk that our bcbsa license agreements may be terminated.
we face intense competition to attract and retain employees. further, managing key executive transition, succession and retention is critical to our success.
our success depends on our ability to attract and retain qualified employees and to integrate employees who have joined us through acquisitions. we face intense competition for qualified employees, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to attract and retain such employees or that such competition among potential employers will not result in increasing salaries. an inability to retain existing employees or attract additional employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
we would be adversely affected if we fail to adequately plan for the succession of our president and chief executive officer and other senior management or retain key executives. while we have succession plans in place for members of our senior management, and employment arrangements with certain key executives, these plans and arrangements do not guarantee that the services of our senior executives will continue to be available to us or that we will be able to attract, transition and retain suitable successors.
financial risks as a holding company, we are dependent on dividends from our subsidiaries. these dividends are necessary to pay our outstanding indebtedness. our regulated subsidiaries are subject to state regulations, including restrictions on the payment of dividends, maintenance of minimum levels of capital and restrictions on investment portfolios.
as a holding company, we are dependent on dividends and administrative expense reimbursements from our subsidiaries. our regulated subsidiaries are not obligated to make funds available to us, and creditors of our subsidiaries will have a superior claim to certain of our subsidiaries' assets. furthermore, among other restrictions, state insurance and hmo laws may restrict the ability of our regulated subsidiaries to pay dividends. in some states, we have made special undertakings that may limit the ability of our regulated subsidiaries to pay dividends. in addition, our subsidiaries' ability to make any payments to us will also depend on their earnings, the terms of their indebtedness, business and tax considerations and other legal restrictions. our ability to repurchase shares or pay dividends in the future to our shareholders and meet our obligations, including paying operating expenses and debt service on our outstanding and future indebtedness, will depend upon the receipt of dividends from our subsidiaries. an inability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends in the future in an amount sufficient for us to meet our financial obligations may materially adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
most of our regulated subsidiaries are subject to rbc standards or other forms of minimum capital requirements imposed by their states of domicile that require them to report their results of risk-based capital calculations to the departments of insurance and the naic. failure to maintain the minimum rbc standards could subject our regulated subsidiaries to corrective action, including state supervision or liquidation. changes to the existing rbc standards and the
naic's december 2020 adoption of an rbc requirement at the holding company level, which requires submission of the first report in may 2023, could further restrict our or our regulated subsidiaries' ability to pay dividends and adversely affect our business. in addition, as discussed in more detail above, we are a party to license agreements with the bcbsa which contain certain requirements and restrictions regarding our operations, including minimum capital and liquidity requirements, which could restrict the ability of our regulated subsidiaries to pay dividends.
our regulated subsidiaries are subject to state laws and regulations that require diversification of their investment portfolios and limit the amount of investments in certain riskier investment categories, such as below-investment-grade fixed maturity securities, mortgage loans, real estate and equity investments, which could generate higher returns on their investments. failure to comply with these laws and regulations might cause investments exceeding regulatory limitations to be treated as non-admitted assets for purposes of measuring statutory surplus and risk-based capital, and, in some instances, require the sale of those investments.
we have substantial indebtedness outstanding and may incur additional indebtedness in the future, which could adversely affect our ability to pursue desirable business opportunities and to react to changes in the economy or our industry, and exposes us to interest rate risk to the extent of our variable rate indebtedness.
our debt service obligations require us to use a portion of our cash flow to pay interest and principal on debt instead of for other corporate purposes, including funding future expansion. if our cash flow and capital resources are insufficient to service our debt obligations, we may be forced to seek extraordinary dividends from our subsidiaries, sell assets, seek additional equity or debt capital or restructure our debt. however, these measures might be unsuccessful or inadequate to meet scheduled debt service obligations, or may not be available on commercially reasonable terms.
we may also incur future debt obligations that might subject us to restrictive covenants that could affect our financial and operational flexibility. our breach or failure to comply with any of these covenants could result in a default under our credit facilities or other indebtedness. if we default under our credit agreement, the lenders could cease to make further extensions of credit or cause all of our outstanding debt obligations under our credit agreement to become immediately due and payable, together with accrued and unpaid interest. if the indebtedness under our notes or our credit agreement or our other indebtedness is accelerated, we may be unable to repay or finance the amounts due, on commercially reasonable terms, or at all.
a downgrade in our credit ratings could have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
claims-paying ability as well as financial strength and debt ratings by nationally recognized statistical rating organizations are important factors in establishing the competitive position of insurance companies and health benefits companies. we believe our strong credit ratings are an important factor in marketing our products to customers. in addition, if our credit ratings are downgraded or placed under review, our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely impacted by limitations on future borrowings and a potential increase in our borrowing costs. each of the ratings organizations reviews our ratings periodically, and there can be no assurance that our current ratings will be maintained in the future.
the value of our intangible assets may become impaired.
as of december 31, 2020, we had $31 billion of goodwill and other intangible assets, representing 36% of our total consolidated assets. in accordance with applicable accounting standards, we periodically evaluate our goodwill and other intangible assets for potential impairment, using assumptions and judgments regarding the estimated fair value of our reporting units. estimated fair values might be significantly different if other reasonable assumptions and estimates were to be used. if estimated fair values are less than the carrying values of goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives in future impairment tests, or if significant impairment indicators are noted relative to other intangible assets subject to amortization, we may be required to record impairment losses against future income.
the value we place on intangible assets may be adversely impacted if existing or future business combinations fail to perform in a manner consistent with our assumptions. in addition, from time to time we divest businesses, and any such divestiture could result in significant asset impairment and disposition charges, including those related to goodwill and other intangible assets. in addition, the estimated value of our reporting units may be impacted as a result of business decisions we
make associated with any future changes to laws and regulations, which could unfavorably affect the carrying value of certain goodwill and other intangible assets and result in impairment charges in future periods. any future evaluations requiring an impairment of our goodwill and other intangible assets could materially affect our results of operations and shareholders' equity which could, in turn, negatively impact our debt ratings or potentially impact our compliance with existing debt covenants.
the value of our investments is influenced by varying economic and market conditions, and a decrease in value may result in a loss charged to income.
we maintain a significant investment portfolio of cash equivalents and short-term and long-term investments in a variety of securities, which are subject to general credit, liquidity, market and interest rate risks. as a result, we may experience a reduction in value or loss of our investments, which may have a negative adverse effect on our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. changes in the economic environment, including periods of increased volatility in the securities markets such as those experienced in 2020 related to the ongoing covid-19 pandemic, can increase the difficulty of assessing investment impairment and increase the risk of potential impairment of these assets. there is continuing risk that declines in fair value may occur and material impairments may be charged to income in future periods, resulting in realized losses.
general risks changes in tax laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flow, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, we may not be able to realize the value of our deferred tax assets.
changes in tax laws and regulations , including a potential increase in u.s. corporate tax rates or changes in the deductibility of expenses, or changes in the interpretation of tax laws and regulations by federal and/or state authorities, could have a material impact on the future value of our deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities, could result in significant one-time charges in the current or future taxable years and could increase our future u.s. tax expense. in addition, we are regularly audited by federal and other tax authorities. although we believe our tax positions comply with applicable tax law, the final determination of audits and any related litigation in the jurisdictions where we are subject to taxation could be materially different from our historical income provisions and accruals. these changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flow, financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, any future increase in our valuation allowance with regard to our deferred tax assets would result in additional income tax expense and a decrease in shareholders' equity, which could materially affect our financial position and results of operations in the period in which the increase occurs. a material decrease in shareholders' equity could, in turn, negatively impact our debt ratings or potentially impact our compliance with existing debt covenants.
we also face other risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, which include:
•adverse securities and credit market conditions, which could impact our ability to meet liquidity needs;
•any requirement to restate financial results in the event of inappropriate application of accounting principles;
•a significant failure of our internal control over financial reporting;
•failure of our prevention and control systems related to employee compliance with internal policies, including data security;
•provider fraud that is not prevented or detected and impacts our medical costs or those of self-insured customers;
•failure to protect our proprietary information; and
•failure of our corporate governance policies or procedures.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
(in millions, except per share data or as otherwise stated herein)
this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a"), should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k. references to the terms "we," "our," "us," "anthem" or the "company" used throughout this md&a refer to anthem, inc., an indiana corporation, and, unless the context otherwise requires, its direct and indirect subsidiaries. references to the "states" include the district of columbia, unless the context otherwise requires.
this section of this annual report on form 10-k generally discusses 2020 and 2019 items and year-over-year comparisons between 2020 and 2019. a detailed discussion of 2018 items and year-over-year comparisons between 2019 and 2018 that are not included in this annual report on form 10-k can be found in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in part ii, item 7 of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019.
overview we are one of the largest health benefits companies in the united states in terms of medical membership, serving approximately 43 medical members through our affiliated health plans as of december 31, 2020. we are an independent licensee of the blue cross and blue shield association ("bcbsa"), an association of independent health benefit plans. we serve our members as the blue cross licensee for california and as the blue cross and blue shield ("bcbs") licensee for colorado, connecticut, georgia, indiana, kentucky, maine, missouri (excluding 30 counties in the kansas city area), nevada, new hampshire, new york (in the new york city metropolitan area and upstate new york), ohio, virginia (excluding the northern virginia suburbs of washington, d.c.) and wisconsin. in a majority of these service areas, we do business as anthem blue cross, anthem blue cross and blue shield, and empire blue cross blue shield or empire blue cross. in addition, we conduct business through arrangements with other bcbs licensees as well as other strategic partners. through our subsidiaries, we also serve customers in numerous states across the country as aim specialty health, amerigroup, aspire health, beacon, caremore, freedom health, healthlink, healthsun, optimum healthcare, simply healthcare, and/or unicare. also, in the second quarter of 2019, we began providing pharmacy benefits management ("pbm") services through our ingeniorx subsidiary. we are licensed to conduct insurance operations in all 50 states and the district of columbia through our subsidiaries.
we manage our operations through four reportable segments: commercial & specialty business, government business, ingeniorx and other. in 2019, ingeniorx was included in our other reportable segment. amounts for 2019 have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation of our reportable segments for comparability.
our operating revenue consists of premiums, product revenue, and administrative fees and other revenue. premium revenue is generated from fully-insured contracts where we indemnify our policyholders against costs for covered health and life insurance benefits. product revenue represents services performed by ingeniorx for unaffiliated pbm customers and includes ingredient costs (net of any rebates or discounts), including co-payments made by or on behalf of the customer, and administrative fees. unaffiliated pbm customers include our self-funded groups that contract with ingeniorx for pbm services and external customers outside of the health plans we own. administrative fees and other revenue come from fees from our self-funded customers for the processing of transactions or network discount savings realized, revenues from our medicare processing business and revenues from other health-related businesses, including disease management programs and miscellaneous other income.
our benefit expense primarily includes costs of care for health services consumed by our fully-insured members, such as outpatient care, inpatient hospital care, professional services (primarily physician care) and pharmacy benefit costs. all four components are affected both by unit costs and utilization rates. unit costs include the cost of outpatient medical procedures per visit, inpatient hospital care per admission, physician fees per office visit and prescription drug prices. utilization rates represent the volume of consumption of health services and typically vary with the age and health status of our members and their social and lifestyle choices, along with clinical protocols and medical practice patterns in each of our markets. a portion of benefit expense recognized in each reporting period consists of actuarial estimates of claims incurred but not yet paid by
us. any changes in these estimates are recorded in the period the need for such an adjustment arises. while we offer a diversified mix of managed care products and services through our managed care plans, our aggregate cost of care can fluctuate based on a change in the overall mix of these products and services. our managed care plans include: preferred provider organizations; health maintenance organizations ("hmos"); point-of-service plans; traditional indemnity plans and other hybrid plans, including consumer-driven health plans; and hospital only and limited benefit products.
we classify certain quality improvement costs as benefit expense. quality improvement activities are those designed to improve member health outcomes, prevent hospital readmissions and improve patient safety. they also include expenses for wellness and health promotion provided to our members. these quality improvement costs may be comprised of expenses incurred for: (i) medical management, including care coordination and case management; (ii) health and wellness, including disease management services for such conditions as diabetes, high-risk pregnancies, congestive heart failure and asthma management and wellness initiatives like weight-loss programs and smoking cessation treatments; and (iii) clinical health policy, such as identification and use of best clinical practices to avoid harm, identifying clinical errors and safety concerns, and identifying potential adverse drug interactions.
our cost of products sold represents the cost of pharmaceuticals dispensed by ingeniorx for our unaffiliated pbm customers (net of rebates or discounts), including any co-payments made by or on behalf of the customer, per-claim administrative fees for prescription fulfillment and certain direct costs related to sales and administration of customer contracts.
our selling, general and administrative expenses consist of fixed and variable costs. examples of fixed costs are depreciation, amortization and certain facilities expenses. certain variable costs, such as premium taxes, vary directly with premium volume. commission expense generally varies with premium or membership volume. other variable costs, such as salaries and benefits, do not vary directly with changes in premium but are more aligned with changes in membership. the acquisition or loss of a significant block of business would likely impact staffing levels and thus, associated compensation expense. other variable costs include professional and consulting expenses and advertising. other factors can impact our administrative cost structure, including systems efficiencies, inflation and changes in productivity.
our results of operations depend in large part on our ability to accurately predict and effectively manage healthcare costs through effective contracting with providers of care to our members, product pricing, medical management and health and wellness programs, innovative product design and our ability to maintain or achieve improvement in our cms star ratings. several economic factors related to healthcare costs, such as regulatory mandates of coverage as well as direct-to-consumer advertising by providers and pharmaceutical companies, have a direct impact on the volume of care consumed by our members. the potential effect of escalating healthcare costs, any changes in our ability to negotiate competitive rates with our providers and any regulatory or market-driven restrictions on our ability to obtain adequate premium rates to offset overall inflation in healthcare costs, including increases in unit costs and utilization resulting from the aging of the population and other demographics, the impact of epidemics and pandemics, as well as advances in medical technology, may impose further risks to our ability to profitably underwrite our business, and may have a material adverse impact on our results of operations.
for additional information about our business and reportable segments, see part i, item 1, "business" and note 20, "segment information" of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
in march 2020, the world health organization declared the outbreak of a novel strain of coronavirus ("covid-19") a global health pandemic. at the onset of the pandemic, to prevent its spread, most states issued shelter-in-place or stay-at-home orders, which generally required the businesses not considered essential to close their physical offices. while these orders were largely lifted during the second quarter of 2020, many states and local authorities continued to impose certain restrictions on the conduct of businesses and individuals.
the covid-19 pandemic continues to evolve, and the virus and mitigation efforts have continued to impact the global economy, cause market instability, increase unemployment and put pressure on the healthcare system. the covid-19 pandemic has impacted and will continue to impact our membership and benefit expense and has influenced and will likely continue to influence member behavior, impacting how members access healthcare services. although increased unemployment caused by the covid-19 pandemic resulted in a decline in our local group membership, our medicaid
membership grew as a result of the temporary suspension of eligibility recertification efforts in response to the covid-19 pandemic. while reduced or cancelled utilization of non-covid-19 health services by our members decreased our claim costs overall in 2020, in the second half of 2020 utilization of such services began to rebound, and non-covid-19 claim costs began to normalize as the shelter-in-place, stay-at-home orders and other restrictions on the conduct of businesses were lifted. our expenses in 2020 included additional costs to cover covid-19 related testing, treatment, expanded coverage of insurance benefits, waivers for cost-sharing and actions to support our providers. furthermore, our expenses associated with covid-19, including testing and treatment and the actions taken to support our members in response to the pandemic, accelerated in the fourth quarter of 2020 and exceeded the benefit we experienced during the quarter from the lower volume of healthcare claims attributable to decreased utilization of non-covid-19 health services.
we remain focused on increasing access and coverage for our members and made several changes to our membership benefits and business operations, adopted tools and policies to assist consumers and care providers and provided support to our associates and our local communities, which were discussed in part i, item 1, "business - covid-19," of this annual report on form 10-k. further, during 2020 we proactively took several actions to preserve our liquidity and financial flexibility and minimize the effects of the covid-19 pandemic, including:
•borrowing under our senior revolving credit facility in march 2020, which was repaid in april 2020;
•delaying certain tax payments as permitted by the irs and the coronavirus aid, relief, and economic security act (the "cares act"); and
•temporarily suspending our share repurchase activity in march 2020, which was resumed in late june 2020.
the covid-19 pandemic has created unique and unprecedented challenges, and although it has impacted and will likely continue to impact our membership and benefit expense, it did not have a material adverse effect on our reported results in 2020. however, this may change in the future as the covid-19 pandemic is evolving, and the extent of its impact will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time. we will continue to monitor the covid-19 pandemic as well as resulting legislative and regulatory changes that may impact our business. for additional discussion regarding our risks related to the covid-19 pandemic and our other risk factors, see part i, item 1a, "risk factors" in this annual report on form 10-k and "business trends" in this md&a.
business trends the patient protection and affordable care act and the health care and education reconciliation act of 2010, as amended (collectively, the "aca"), has changed and may continue to make broad-based changes to the u.s. healthcare system. we expect the aca will continue to impact our business model and strategy. also, the legal challenges regarding the aca, including a federal district court decision invalidating the aca, which was argued before the u.s. supreme court in november 2020 and has been stayed pending the u.s. supreme court's decision, could significantly disrupt our business. we currently offer individual aca-compliant products in 103 of the 143 rating regions in which we operate. our strategy has been, and will continue to be, to only participate in rating regions where we have an appropriate level of confidence that these markets are on a path toward sustainability, including, but not limited to, factors such as expected financial performance, regulatory environment, and underlying market characteristics. in addition, the continuing growth in our government-sponsored business exposes us to increased regulatory oversight.
in the second quarter of 2019, we began using ingeniorx to market and offer pbm services to our affiliated health plan customers throughout the country, as well as to customers outside of the health plans we own. our comprehensive pbm services portfolio includes features such as formulary management, pharmacy networks, a prescription drug database, member services and mail order capabilities. ingeniorx delegates certain pbm administrative functions, such as claims processing and prescription fulfillment, to caremarkpcs health, l.l.c., which is a subsidiary of cvs health corporation, pursuant to a five-year agreement. with ingeniorx, we retain the responsibilities for clinical and formulary strategy and development, member and employer experiences, operations, sales, marketing, account management and retail network strategy. from december 2009 through december 2019, we delegated certain pbm functions and administrative services to express scripts, inc. ("express scripts"). we began transitioning existing members from express scripts to ingeniorx in the second quarter of 2019, and completed the transition of all of our members by january 1, 2020.
pricing trends: we strive to price our healthcare benefit products consistent with anticipated underlying medical cost trends. we continue to closely monitor the covid-19 pandemic and the impacts it may have on our pricing, such as surges
in covid-19 hospitalizations, infection rates, and the cost of covid-19 vaccines. we frequently make adjustments to respond to legislative and regulatory changes as well as pricing and other actions taken by existing competitors and new market entrants. product pricing in our commercial & specialty business segment, including our individual and small group lines of business, remains competitive. revenues from the medicare and medicaid programs are dependent, in whole or in part, upon annual funding from the federal government and/or applicable state governments. the aca imposed an annual health insurance provider fee ("hip fee") on health insurers that write certain types of health insurance on u.s. risks. we priced our affected products to cover the impact of the hip fee when it was in effect. the hip fee was suspended for 2019, was resumed for 2020 and has been permanently repealed beginning in 2021.
medical cost trends: our medical cost trends are primarily driven by increases in the utilization of services across all provider types and the unit cost increases of these services. we work to mitigate these trends through various medical management programs such as utilization management, condition management, program integrity and specialty pharmacy management, as well as benefit design changes. there are many drivers of medical cost trends that can cause variance from our estimates, such as changes in the level and mix of services utilized, regulatory changes, aging of the population, health status and other demographic characteristics of our members, epidemics, pandemics, advances in medical technology, new high cost prescription drugs, and healthcare provider or member fraud. our underlying local group medical cost trends reflect the "allowed amount," or contractual rate, paid to providers.
the covid-19 pandemic has caused a decrease in utilization of non-covid-19 health services, which decreased our claim costs in 2020. while the utilization of such services began to rebound and claim costs began to normalize in the second half of 2020, further increases in the utilization of such services may increase our claim costs in the future and affect our medical cost trends. our expenses in 2020 include additional costs to cover covid-19 related testing, treatment, expanded benefits coverage and waivers for cost-sharing. in response to the current crisis, we expanded coverage for certain members in our affiliated health plans for testing and treatment related to a covid-19 diagnosis. governmental action has required us to provide full coverage for covid-19 testing to our members, and future governmental action could require us to provide additional coverage, including, for example, vaccines. increased member demand for care, along with continued covid-19 care, testing and vaccination costs, are expected to result in increased future medical costs. the continued cost and volume of covered services related to the covid-19 pandemic may have a material adverse effect on our future claim costs. we continue to closely monitor the covid-19 pandemic and its impacts on our business, financial condition, results of operations and medical cost trends.
for additional discussion regarding business trends, see part i, item 1, "business" of this annual report on form 10-k.
regulatory trends and uncertainties federal and state legislation has been enacted, and is likely to continue to be enacted, in response to the covid-19 pandemic that has had, and we expect will continue to have, a significant impact on all of our lines of business, including mandates to waive cost-sharing on covid-19 testing, treatment and related services. the federal government enacted the coronavirus preparedness and response supplemental appropriations act, the families first coronavirus response act and the cares act in march 2020, the paycheck protection program and health care enhancement act in april 2020 and the consolidated appropriations act of 2021 in december 2020 (the "appropriations act"). these acts provide, among other things, prohibitions on prior authorization and cost-sharing for certain items and services related to covid-19 tests, reforms including waiving medicare originating site restrictions for qualified providers providing telehealth services, financial support to healthcare providers, including expansion of the medicare accelerated payment program to all providers receiving medicare payments, and funding to replenish and administer small business loan programs to help small businesses keep their workers employed and healthcare benefits covered in the group market.
the appropriations act contains a number of provisions that may have a material effect upon our business, including procedures and coverage requirements related to surprise medical bills and new mandates for continuity of care for certain patients, price comparison tools, disclosure of broker compensation and reporting on pharmacy benefits and drug costs. the various health plan-related requirements of the appropriations act will go into effect on january 1, 2022, and our first report on pharmacy benefits and drug costs is due december 27, 2021.
regulatory changes have also been enacted, and are likely to continue to be enacted, at the state and federal level in response to the covid-19 pandemic. those changes, which could have a significant impact on health benefits, consumer
eligibility for public programs, and our cash flows, include mandated expansion of premium payment terms including the time period for which claims can be denied for lack of payment, mandates related to prior authorizations and payment levels to providers, additional consumer enrollment windows, and an increased ability to provide services through telehealth. we are providing extensions to premium payment terms in certain situations and working closely with state regulators that are mandating or requesting such relief.
the aca presented us with new growth opportunities, but also introduced new risks, regulatory challenges and uncertainties, and required changes in the way products are designed, underwritten, priced, distributed and administered. changes to our business environment are likely to continue as elected officials at the national and state levels continue to enact, and both elected officials and candidates for election continue to propose, significant modifications to existing laws and regulations, including changes to taxes and fees. in addition, the legal challenges regarding the aca, including a federal district court decision invalidating the aca in its entirety, which was argued before the u.s. supreme court in november 2020 and has been stayed pending the u.s. supreme court's decision, continue to contribute to this uncertainty. in a separate development, in april 2020, the u.s. supreme court ruled that the federal government is required to pay health insurance companies for amounts owed, as calculated under the risk corridor program of the aca. in june 2020, the u.s. court of federal claims entered a final judgment stipulating that we are entitled to reimbursement for risk corridor amounts from 2014, 2015 and 2016. at the end of december 2020, the u.s. department of health and human services ("hhs") issued final guidance on how to treat the risk corridor recoveries that we expect to receive. based on the guidance from hhs, we revised previously filed minimum medical loss ratio ("mlr") reports and recognized the net premium impact of the risk corridor recoveries in the fourth quarter of 2020. we will continue to evaluate the impact of the aca as any further developments or judicial rulings occur.
the annual hip fee, which has been permanently eliminated beginning in 2021, was allocated to health insurers based on the ratio of the amount of an insurer's net premium revenues written during the preceding calendar year to the amount of health insurance premium for all u.s. health risk for those certain lines of business written during the preceding calendar year. the hip fee was non-deductible for federal income tax purposes. our affected products were priced to cover the increased selling, general and administrative and income tax expenses associated with the hip fee when applicable. the hip fee was suspended for 2019. for 2020, the hip fee resumed and the total amount due from allocations to health insurers was $15,523. for the year ended december 31, 2020, we recognized $1,570 as selling, general and administrative expense related to the hip fee. there was no corresponding expense for 2019 due to the suspension of the hip fee for 2019. the hip fee has been permanently eliminated beginning in 2021.
as a result of the aca, the hhs issued mlr regulations that require us to meet minimum mlr thresholds of 85% for large group and 80% for small group and individual lines of business. plans that do not meet the minimum thresholds have to pay a mlr rebate. for purposes of determining mlr rebates, hhs has defined the types of costs that should be included in the mlr rebate calculation. however, certain components of the mlr calculation as defined by hhs cannot be classified consistently under u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"). while considered benefit expense or a reduction of premium revenue by hhs, certain of these costs are classified as other types of expense, such as selling, general and administrative expense or income tax expense, in our gaap basis financial statements. accordingly, the benefit expense ratio determined using our consolidated gaap operating results is not comparable to the mlr calculated under hhs regulations.
the aca also imposed a separate minimum mlr threshold of 85% for medicare advantage and medicare part d prescription drug plans ("medicare part d"). medicare advantage or medicare part d plans that do not meet this threshold have to pay an mlr rebate. if a plan's mlr is below 85% for three consecutive years, enrollment is restricted. a medicare advantage or medicare part d plan contract will be terminated if the plan's mlr is below 85% for five consecutive years.
for additional discussion regarding regulatory trends and uncertainties, and risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements made in this annual report on form 10-k, see part i, item 1, "business - regulation" and part i, item 1a, "risk factors."
other significant items business and operational matters on february 2, 2021, we announced our entrance into an agreement with innovacare health, l.p. to acquire its puerto rico-based subsidiaries, including mmm holdings, llc ("mmm") and its medicare advantage plan mmm healthcare, llc, medicaid plan and other affiliated companies. mmm is an integrated healthcare organization and seeks to provide its medicare advantage and medicaid members with a whole health experience through its network of specialized clinics and wholly owned independent physician associations. this acquisition aligns with our vision to be an innovative, valuable and inclusive healthcare partner by providing care management programs that improve the lives of the people we serve. the acquisition is expected to close by the end of the second quarter of 2021 and is subject to standard closing conditions and customary approvals.
in 2020, we introduced enterprise-wide initiatives to optimize our business and as a result, recorded a charge of $653 in selling, general and administrative expenses. we believe these initiatives largely represent the next step forward in our progression towards becoming a more agile organization, including process automation and a reduction in our office space footprint. for additional information, see note 4, "business optimization initiatives" and note 18, "leases," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
on february 28, 2020, we completed our acquisition of beacon health options, inc. ("beacon"), the largest independently held behavioral health organization in the country. at the time of acquisition, beacon served more than thirty-four million individuals across all fifty states. this acquisition aligned with our strategy to diversify into health services and deliver both integrated solutions and care delivery models that personalize care for people with complex and chronic conditions. for additional information, see note 3, "business acquisitions," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
in february 2018, we completed our acquisition of freedom health, inc., optimum healthcare, inc., america's 1st choice of south carolina, inc. and related entities. this medicare advantage organization offers hmo products, including chronic special needs plans and dual-eligible special needs plans, under its freedom health and optimum healthcare brands in florida and its america's 1st choice of south carolina brand in south carolina. this acquisition aligned with our plans for continued growth in the medicare advantage and special needs populations.
other significant transactions in recent years that have impacted or will impact our capital structure or that have influenced or will influence how we conduct our business operations include our board of directors' declarations of dividends on our common stock, repurchases of our common stock, debt repurchases and new debt issuances (2020 and prior). for additional information regarding these transactions, see note 13, "debt" and note 15, "capital stock," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
litigation matters in the consolidated multi-district proceeding in the united states district court for the northern district of alabama (the "court") captioned in re blue cross blue shield antitrust litigation ("bcbsa litigation"), the blue cross blue shield association (the "bcbsa"), and blue cross and/or blue shield licensees, including us (the "blue plans") have approved a settlement agreement and release (the "subscriber settlement agreement") with the plaintiffs representing a putative nationwide class of health plan subscribers. generally, the lawsuits in the bcbsa litigation challenge elements of the licensing agreements between the bcbsa and the independently owned and operated blue plans. the cases were brought by two putative nationwide classes of plaintiffs, health plan subscribers and providers, and the subscriber settlement agreement applies only to the putative subscriber class. no settlement agreement has been reached with the provider plaintiffs at this time, and the defendants continue to contest the consolidated cases brought by the provider plaintiffs.
if approved by the court, the subscriber settlement agreement will require the defendants to make a monetary settlement payment, our portion of which is estimated to be $594, and will contain certain non-monetary terms including (i) eliminating the "national best efforts" rule in the bcbsa license agreements (which rule limits the percentage of non-blue revenue permitted for each blue plan) and (ii) allowing for some large national employers with self-funded benefit plans to request a bid for insurance coverage from a second blue plan in addition to the local blue plan. we recognized our estimated payment obligation of $548, net of third-party insurance coverage received as of december 31, 2020.
on november 30, 2020, the court issued an order preliminarily approving the subscriber settlement agreement, following which members of the subscriber class were provided notice of the settlement agreement and an opportunity to opt out of the class. all terms of the subscriber settlement agreement are subject to final approval by the court before they become effective. objections to the settlement as well as the deadline for those that wish to opt-out from the settlement must be submitted by july 28, 2021. claims must be filed by november 5, 2021. a final approval hearing has been scheduled for october 20, 2021. if the court grants approval of the subscriber settlement agreement, and after all appellate rights have expired or have been exhausted in a manner that affirms the court's final order and judgment, the defendants' payment and non-monetary obligations under the subscriber settlement agreement will become effective. for additional information regarding this lawsuit, see note 14, "commitments and contingencies - litigation and regulatory proceedings - blue cross blue shield antitrust litigation," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
in august 2020, the delaware court of chancery ruled that neither we nor cigna corporation could collect damages in connection with the now terminated agreement and plan of merger, between us and cigna corporation. cigna filed a notice of appeal in november 2020 challenging the trial court's opinion that anthem did not owe cigna a termination fee. cigna filed its appellate brief in december 2020, and we filed a response in january 2021. for additional information, see note 14, "commitments and contingencies - litigation and regulatory proceedings - cigna corporation merger litigation," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
in january 2019, we exercised our contractual right to terminate our pbm agreement with express scripts (the "esi pbm agreement") and we completed the transition of our members from express scripts to ingeniorx by january 1, 2020. notwithstanding our termination of the esi pbm agreement, the litigation between us and express scripts regarding the esi pbm agreement continues. for additional information regarding this lawsuit, see note 14, "commitments and contingencies - litigation and regulatory proceedings - express scripts, inc. pharmacy benefit management litigation," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
selected operating performance during the year ended december 31, 2020, total medical membership increased by 1.9, or 4.7%. our medical membership grew in both our government business and commercial & specialty business segments. the increase in medical membership in our government business segment was driven by organic growth in our medicaid business due to the temporary suspension of eligibility recertification efforts in our markets in response to the covid-19 pandemic, as well as acquisitions, and growth in our medicare business. the increase in medical membership in our commercial & specialty business segment was primarily driven by growth in our self-funded business, partially offset by declines in our fully-insured local group membership due to negative in-group changes as a result of increased unemployment caused by the covid-19 pandemic.
operating revenue for the year ended december 31, 2020 was $120,808, an increase of $17,667, or 17.1%, from the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase in operating revenue was primarily driven by higher premium revenue in our government business segment, as well as increased pharmacy product revenue related to the launch of ingeniorx.
net income for the year ended december 31, 2020 was $4,572, a decrease of $235, or 4.9%, from the year ended december 31, 2019. the decrease in net income was a result of lower operating results in our commercial & specialty business segment, which was largely driven by costs associated with actions taken to support our members and providers in response to the covid-19 pandemic and costs for covid-19 related care, as well as our estimated payment obligation related to the bcbsa litigation and expenses related to our business optimization initiatives recognized in 2020, higher income tax expense, and a decrease in net earnings from investment activities. these decreases in net income were largely offset by higher operating results in our ingeniorx and government business segments.
our fully-diluted earnings per share ("eps") for the year ended december 31, 2020 were $17.98, a decrease of $0.49, or 2.7%, from the year ended december 31, 2019. our diluted shares for the year ended december 31, 2020 were 254.3, a decrease of 6.0, or 2.3%, compared to the year ended december 31, 2019. the decrease in eps resulted from the decrease in net income, partially offset by the impact of a lower number of shares outstanding in 2020.
operating cash flow for the year ended december 31, 2020 was $10,688, or approximately 2.3 times net income. operating cash flow for the year ended december 31, 2019 was $6,061, or approximately 1.3 times net income. the increase in operating cash flow was primarily due to the impact of the timing of working capital changes. the increase was further due to membership growth in our government business segment and higher net income in 2020, excluding the non-cash impact of accrued expenses related to our business optimization initiatives and the bcbsa litigation.
our results of operations discussed throughout this md&a are determined in accordance with gaap. we also calculate operating gain to further aid investors in understanding and analyzing our core operating results. we define operating revenue as premium income, product revenue and administrative fees and other revenue. operating gain is calculated as total operating revenue less benefit expense, cost of products sold and selling, general and administrative expense. we use these measures as a basis for evaluating segment performance, allocating resources, forecasting future operating periods and setting incentive compensation targets. this information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for income before income tax expense, net income or eps prepared in accordance with gaap, and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. for additional details on operating gain, see our "reportable segments results of operations" discussion included in this md&a. for a reconciliation of reportable segment operating revenue to the amounts of total revenue included in the consolidated statements of income and a reconciliation of reportable segment operating gain to income before income tax expense, see note 20, "segment information," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
we intend to expand through a combination of organic growth, strategic acquisitions and efficient use of capital in both existing and new markets. our growth strategy is designed to enable us to take advantage of additional economies of scale, as well as providing us access to new and evolving technologies and products. in addition, we believe geographic and product diversity reduces our exposure to local or regional regulatory, economic and competitive pressures and provides us with increased opportunities for growth. in 2019, we began using ingeniorx to market and offer pbm services, and we expect ingeniorx to improve our ability to integrate pharmacy benefits within our medical and specialty platform. in 2020, we continued growing our government-sponsored business. in all other markets, we intend to maintain our position by delivering excellent service, offering competitively priced products, providing access to high-quality provider networks and effectively capitalizing on the brand strength of the blue cross and blue shield names and marks.
membership our medical membership includes seven different customer types: local group, individual, national accounts, bluecard®, medicare, medicaid and our federal employees health benefits ("fehb") program. bcbs-branded business generally refers to members in our service areas licensed by the bcbsa. non-bcbs-branded business refers to members in our non-bcbs-branded amerigroup, freedom health, healthsun, optimum healthcare and simply healthcare plans, as well as beacon, healthlink and unicare members. in addition to the above medical membership, we also serve customers who purchase one or more of our other products or services that are often ancillary to our health business.
•local group consists of those employer customers with less than 5% of eligible employees located outside of the headquarter state, as well as customers with more than 5% of eligible employees located outside of the headquarter state with up to 5,000 eligible employees. in addition, local group includes student health and unicare members. local group accounts are generally sold through brokers or consultants who work with industry specialists from our in-house sales force and are offered both on and off the public exchanges. local group insurance premiums may be based on claims incurred by the group or sold on a self-insured basis. the customer's buying decision is typically based upon the size and breadth of our networks, customer service, the quality of our medical management services, the administrative cost included in our quoted price, our financial stability, our reputation and our ability to effectively service large complex accounts. local group accounted for 36.4%, 38.2% and 39.4% of our medical members at december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
•individual consists of individual customers under age 65 and their covered dependents. individual policies are generally sold through independent agents and brokers, retail partnerships, our in-house sales force or via the exchanges. individual business is sold on a fully-insured basis. we offer on-exchange products through public exchanges and off-exchange products. federal premium subsidies are available only for certain public exchange individual products. unsubsidized individual customers are generally more sensitive to product pricing and, to a lesser extent, the configuration of the network and the efficiency of administration. customer turnover is generally
higher with individual as compared to local group. individual business accounted for 1.6%, 1.7% and 1.6% of our medical members at december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
•national accounts generally consist of multi-state employer groups primarily headquartered in an anthem service area with at least 5% of the eligible employees located outside of the headquarter state and with more than 5,000 eligible employees. some exceptions are allowed based on broker and consultant relationships. service area is defined as the geographic area in which we are licensed to sell bcbs products. national accounts are generally sold through independent brokers or consultants retained by the customer working with our in-house sales force. we believe we have an advantage when competing for very large national accounts due to the size and breadth of our networks and our ability to access the national provider networks of other bcbs companies at their competitive local market rates. national accounts represented 18.0%, 18.5% and 19.0% of our medical members at december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
•bluecard® host customers represent enrollees of blue cross and/or blue shield plans not owned by anthem who receive healthcare services in our bcbsa licensed markets. bluecard® membership consists of estimated host members using the national bluecard® program. host members are generally members who reside in or travel to a state in which an anthem subsidiary is the blue cross and/or blue shield licensee and who are covered under an employer-sponsored health plan issued by a non-anthem controlled bcbsa licensee (the "home plan"). we perform certain functions including claims pricing and administration for bluecard® members, for which we receive administrative fees from the bluecard® members' home plans. other administrative functions, including maintenance of enrollment information and customer service, are performed by the home plan. host members are computed using, among other things, the average number of bluecard® claims received per month. bluecard® host membership accounted for 14.1%, 14.8% and 14.6% of our medical members at december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
•medicare customers are medicare-eligible individual members age 65 and over who have enrolled in medicare supplement plans; medicare advantage, including special needs plans ("snps"), also known as medicare advantage snps; medicare part d; and dual-eligible programs through medicare-medicaid plans ("mmps"). medicare supplement plans typically pay the difference between healthcare costs incurred by a beneficiary and amounts paid by medicare. medicare advantage plans provide medicare beneficiaries with a managed care alternative to traditional medicare and often include a medicare part d benefit. in addition, our medicare advantage snps provide tailored benefits to special needs individuals who are institutionalized or have severe or disabling chronic conditions and to dual-eligible customers, who are low-income seniors and persons under age 65 with disabilities. medicare advantage snps are coordinated care plans specifically designed to provide targeted care, covering all the healthcare services considered medically necessary for members and often providing professional care coordination services, with personal guidance and programs that help members maintain their health. medicare advantage membership also includes medicare advantage members in our group retiree solutions business who are related to national accounts, retired members of local group accounts, or retired members of groups who are not affiliated with our commercial accounts who have selected a medicare advantage product through us. medicare part d offers a prescription drug plan to medicare and mmp beneficiaries. mmp, which was established as a result of the passage of the aca, is a demonstration program focused on serving members who are dually eligible for medicaid and medicare. medicare supplement and medicare advantage products are marketed in the same manner, primarily through independent agents and brokers. medicare business accounted for 5.5%, 5.2% and 4.6% of our medical members at december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
•medicaid membership represents eligible members who receive healthcare benefits through publicly funded healthcare programs, including medicaid, aca-related medicaid expansion programs, temporary assistance for needy families, programs for seniors and people with disabilities, children's health insurance programs, and specialty programs such as those focused on long-term services and support, hiv/aids, foster care, behavioral health and/or substance abuse disorders, and intellectual disabilities or developmental disabilities, among others. total medicaid program business accounted for 20.6%, 17.7% and 16.8% of our medical members at december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
•fehb members consist of united states government employees and their dependents within our geographic markets through our participation in the national contract between the bcbsa and the u.s. office of personnel management. fehb business accounted for 3.8% of our medical members at december 31, 2020 and 3.9% at both december 31, 2019 and 2018.
in addition to reporting our medical membership by customer type, we report by funding arrangement according to the level of risk that we assume in the product contract. our two principal funding arrangement categories are fully-insured and self-funded. fully-insured products are products in which we indemnify our policyholders against costs for health benefits. self-funded products are offered to customers, generally larger employers, who elect to retain most or all of the financial risk associated with their employees' healthcare costs. some self-funded customers choose to purchase stop loss coverage to limit their retained risk.
the following table presents our medical membership by customer type, funding arrangement and reportable segment as of december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018. also included below is other membership by product. at this time, the following table does not include membership resulting from our acquisition of beacon. the medical membership and other membership presented are unaudited and in certain instances include estimates of the number of members represented by each contract at the end of the period.
(in thousands)                                                       2020                    2019                    2018                    change                     % change                  change                   % change medical membership customer type local group                                                    15,614                   15,682                  15,733                    (68)                        (0.4)    %               (51)                      (0.3)    %
medicare advantage                                              1,428                    1,214                   1,006                     214                         17.6    %                208                       20.7    %
total medical membership by customer type                      42,925                   41,000                  39,938                   1,925                          4.7    %              1,062                        2.7    %
reportable segment commercial &amp; specialty business                            30,089                   30,022                  29,814                      67                          0.2    %                208                        0.7    %
government business                                            12,836                   10,978                  10,124                   1,858                         16.9    %                854                        8.4    %
other membership life and disability members                                     5,064                    5,259                   4,795                   (195)                        (3.7)    %                464                        9.7    %
medical membership total medical membership grew in both our government business and commercial & specialty business segments as well as by funding arrangement. fully-insured membership increased primarily due to growth in our medicaid and medicare businesses, partially offset by membership decreases in our fully-insured local group business. local group membership decreased due to negative in-group changes as a result of increased unemployment caused by the covid-19 pandemic,
which was partially offset by sales exceeding lapses. self-funded medical membership increased primarily as a result of membership increases in our national accounts business driven by our acquisition of a third-party administrator. medicaid membership increased primarily due to organic growth in existing markets due to the temporary suspension of eligibility recertification during the covid-19 pandemic as well as our acquisition of medicaid plans in missouri and nebraska in 2020. medicare membership increased primarily due to higher sales.
other membership our other membership can be impacted by changes in our medical membership, as our medical members often purchase our other products that are ancillary to our health business. life and disability membership decreased due to higher lapses in our fully-insured local group business. dental membership increased primarily due to new sales and growth in our national accounts and membership growth in our fehb program, as well as new sales in our individual product offerings. dental administration membership decreased due to the lapse of a large dental administration services contract. vision membership increased due to higher sales in our medicare and local group businesses.
consolidated results of operations our consolidated summarized results of operations and other information for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018 are as follows:
change years ended december 31                                         2020 vs. 2019                                         2019 vs. 2018
net investment income                                                                       877                         1,005                         970                    (128)                      (12.7)    %                   35                         3.6    %
net realized gains (losses) on financial instruments                                        182                            67                       (206)                      115                     (171.6)    %                  273                     (132.5)    %
benefit expense                                                                          88,045                        81,786                      71,895                    6,259                         7.7    %                9,891                        13.8    %
income before income tax expense                                                          6,238                         5,985                       5,068                      253                         4.2    %                  917                        18.1    %
benefit expense ratio                                                                      84.6   %                      86.8   %                    84.2   %                                               (220)bp                                                 260bp selling, general and administrative expense ratio                                          14.4   %                      13.0   %                    15.3   %                                                140bp3                                              (230)bp3
income before income tax expense as a percentage of total revenues                          5.1   %                       5.7   %                     5.5   %                                               (60)bp3                                                 20bp3
certain of the following definitions are also applicable to all other results of operations tables in this discussion:
includes interest expense, amortization of other intangible assets and loss on extinguishment of debt.
benefit expense ratio represents benefit expense as a percentage of premium revenue. premiums for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018 were $104,109, $94,173 and $85,421, respectively. premiums are included in total operating revenue presented above.
total operating revenue increased as a result of higher premium revenue due mainly to membership growth in our government business segment related to our medicaid and medicare businesses and rate increases designed to cover the impact of the hip fee reinstatement for 2020. the increase in operating revenue was further attributable to an increase in pharmacy product revenue as we completed the transition of all of our unaffiliated pbm customers to ingeniorx between the second quarter of 2019 and january 1, 2020. the increase in operating revenue was partially offset by a decrease in premiums in our commercial & specialty business segment related to fully-insured membership declines as a result of increased unemployment caused by the covid-19 pandemic.
net investment income decreased primarily due to losses from other invested assets and lower yields on our short term investments. the losses on our other invested assets were primarily due to losses from energy sector private equity funds recognized in 2020 as a result of a decrease in the worldwide demand for energy due to the covid-19 pandemic.
net realized gains on financial instruments increased primarily due to the changes in the fair values of our investments in equity securities. this increase was partially offset by a decrease in net realized gains on sales of equity securities.
benefit expense increased primarily due to increased costs as a result of growth in our medicaid and medicare membership and overall cost trends across our businesses including increased expense to cover covid-19 related costs such as testing, treatment, expanded coverage of insurance benefits, waivers for cost-sharing and actions taken to support our members in response to the pandemic. these increases were partially offset by the lower volume of healthcare claims experienced resulting from decreased utilization of non-covid-19 health services during the covid-19 pandemic.
our benefit expense ratio decreased primarily due to the covid-19 impact of lower utilization rates of healthcare benefits, and to a lesser extent, the hip fee reinstatement for 2020. these decreases were partially offset by increased benefit costs associated with actions taken to support our members in response to the pandemic and covid-19 related care. the decreases were further offset by the impact of retroactive rate adjustments in our medicaid business and premium credits provided in response to the covid-19 pandemic to our members enrolled in select individual plans and fully-insured employer customers.
cost of products sold increased as we completed the transition of all of our unaffiliated pbm customers to ingeniorx between the second quarter of 2019, when it began its operations, and january 1, 2020.
selling, general and administrative expense increased primarily due to the reinstatement of the hip fee for 2020 and increased spend to support growth in our businesses. the increase was further due to the recognition of expenses related to our business optimization initiatives and the bcbsa litigation during 2020.
our effective income tax rate increased primarily due to the reinstatement of the non-tax deductible hip fee for 2020.
our net income as a percentage of total revenue decreased as a result of all factors discussed above.
reportable segments results of operations beginning in 2020, ingeniorx met the quantitative thresholds for a reportable segment and the results of our operations are now described through four reportable segments: commercial & specialty business, government business, ingeniorx and other. we use operating gain to evaluate the performance of our reportable segments. operating gain is calculated as total operating revenue less benefit expense, cost of products sold and selling, general and administrative expense. it does not include net investment income, net realized gains (losses) on financial instruments, interest expense, amortization of other intangible assets, loss on extinguishment of debt or income taxes, as these items are managed in a corporate shared service environment and are not the responsibility of operating segment management.
the discussion of segment results presented below is based on operating gain, as described above, and operating margin, which is calculated as operating gain divided by operating revenue. our definition of operating gain and operating margin may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. we use these measures as a basis for evaluating segment performance, allocating resources, forecasting future operating periods and setting incentive compensation targets. this information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for income before income tax expense, net income or eps, prepared in accordance with gaap. for our 2019 segment reporting, operating gain generated from ingeniorx activities were allocated and included in our commercial & specialty business and government business based upon their utilization of those services, which aligns with the method by which we assessed the 2019 operating performance of our reportable segments. beginning january 1, 2020, we are managing the operating performance of each of our segments on a standalone basis. prior year 2019 allocations were not restated to conform to the 2020 presentation; however, operating margins for ingeniorx were approximately 8% in 2019. for additional information, see note 20, "segment information," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
the following table presents a summary of our reportable segment financial information for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018:
change years ended december 31                                           2020 vs. 2019                                         2019 vs. 2018
operating revenue commercial &amp; specialty business                       $36,699                       $37,421                     $35,782                     $(722)                       (1.9)    %               $1,639                         4.6    %
government business                                        71,572                        62,632                      55,348                      8,940                        14.3    %                7,284                        13.2    %
commercial &amp; specialty business                        $2,681                        $4,032                      $3,600                    (1,351)                      (33.5)    %                  432                        12.0    %
government business                                         2,444                         2,056                       1,928                        388                        18.9    %                  128                         6.6    %
operating margin commercial &amp; specialty business                           7.3                          10.8   %                    10.1   %                                                 (350)bp                                                 70bp5
government business                                           3.4                           3.3   %                     3.5   %                                                   10bp5                                               (20)bp5
includes expenses of $524 for the bcbsa litigation and $311 for business optimization initiatives recognized in 2020.
2    includes expenses of $205 for business optimization initiatives and $24 for the bcbsa litigation recognized in 2020.
3    includes expenses of $4 for business optimization initiatives recognized in 2020.
4    includes expenses of $133 for business optimization initiatives recognized in 2020.
commercial & specialty business operating revenue decreased primarily due to fully-insured membership declines as a result of increased unemployment caused by the covid-19 pandemic. the decrease in operating revenue was further attributable to the absence of pharmacy
administrative fee revenue that is now being recognized within the ingeniorx segment and the impact of premium credits provided to certain members in response to the covid-19 pandemic. these decreases were partially offset by higher premium revenue resulting from rate increases designed to cover the impact of the hip fee reinstatement for 2020.
the decrease in operating gain was primarily driven by costs associated with actions taken to support our members and providers in response to the pandemic and covid-19 related care, as well as expenses for the bcbsa litigation and business optimization initiatives recognized in 2020. the decrease was further attributable to the shift of pharmacy earnings to our ingeniorx segment and the impact of premium credits provided to certain members in response to the covid-19 pandemic. the decrease was partially offset by the impact of the lower volume of healthcare claims attributable to decreased utilization of non-covid-19 health services during the covid-19 pandemic.
government business operating revenue increased primarily due to higher premium revenue as a result of membership growth in our medicaid business driven by the temporary suspension of eligibility recertification efforts during the covid-19 pandemic, acquisitions and new expansions, as well as membership growth in our medicare business. the increase in premium revenue was further attributable to the hip fee reinstatement for 2020.
the increase in operating gain was primarily driven by the lower volume of healthcare claims attributable to decreased utilization of non-covid-19 health services during the covid-19 pandemic. the increase was partially offset by costs associated with actions taken to support our members in response to the pandemic and covid-19 related care and retroactive rate adjustments and higher experience-rated refunds in our medicaid business. the increase in operating gain was further offset by increased spend to support growth and expenses for business optimization initiatives recognized in 2020.
ingeniorx operating revenue and operating gain increased as a result of the transition of our existing members to ingeniorx, which commenced its operations during the second quarter of 2019. operating revenue represents product revenues from services performed for our fully-insured affiliated health plans and self-funded customers and external customers outside of the health plans we own. product revenues and cost of goods sold for our fully-insured affiliated health plan customers are eliminated in consolidation. operating gain represents operating revenue less cost of products sold and selling, general and administrative expenses.
other operating revenue increased due to our acquisition of beacon in february 2020 and higher administrative fees and other revenue from services performed by dbg in certain markets.
the increase in operating loss was driven by expenses recognized for our business optimization initiatives.
critical accounting policies and estimates we prepare our consolidated financial statements in conformity with gaap. application of gaap requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes and within this md&a. we consider our most important accounting policies that require significant estimates and management judgment to be those policies with respect to liabilities for medical claims payable, income taxes, goodwill and other intangible assets, investments and retirement benefits, which are discussed below. our other significant accounting policies are summarized in note 2, "basis of presentation and significant accounting policies," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
we continually evaluate the accounting policies and estimates used to prepare the consolidated financial statements. in general, our estimates are based on historical experience, evaluation of current trends, information from third-party professionals and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the known facts and circumstances. estimates can require a significant amount of judgment, and a different set of assumptions could result in material changes to our reported results.
medical claims payable the most subjective accounting estimate in our consolidated financial statements is our liability for medical claims payable. at december 31, 2020, this liability was $11,359 and represented 21% of our total consolidated liabilities. we record this liability and the corresponding benefit expense for incurred but not paid claims, including the estimated costs of processing such claims. incurred but not paid claims include (1) an estimate for claims that are incurred but not reported, as well as claims reported to us but not yet processed through our systems, which approximated 96%, or $10,925, of our total medical claims liability as of december 31, 2020; and (2) claims reported to us and processed through our systems but not yet paid, which approximated 4%, or $434, of the total medical claims payable as of december 31, 2020. the level of claims payable processed through our systems but not yet paid may fluctuate from one period-end to the next, from approximately 1% to 5% of our total medical claims liability, due to timing of when claim payments are made.
liabilities for both claims incurred but not reported and reported but not yet processed through our systems are determined in the aggregate, employing actuarial methods that are commonly used by health insurance actuaries and meet actuarial standards of practice. actuarial standards of practice require that the claim liabilities be appropriate under moderately adverse circumstances. we determine the amount of the liability for incurred but not paid claims by following a detailed actuarial process that uses both historical claim payment patterns as well as emerging medical cost trends to project our best estimate of claim liabilities. under this process, historical paid claims data is formatted into "claim triangles," which compare claim incurred dates to the dates of claim payments. this information is analyzed to create "completion factors" that represent the average percentage of total incurred claims that have been paid through a given date after being incurred. completion factors are applied to claims paid through the period-end date to estimate the ultimate claim expense incurred for the period. actuarial estimates of incurred but not paid claim liabilities are then determined by subtracting the actual paid claims from the estimate of the ultimate incurred claims.
for the most recent incurred months (typically the most recent two months), the percentage of claims paid for claims incurred in those months is generally low. this makes the completion factor methodology less reliable for such months. therefore, incurred claims for recent months are not projected from historical completion and payment patterns; rather, they are projected by estimating the claims expense for those months based on recent claims expense levels and healthcare trend levels ("trend factors").
because the reserve methodology is based upon historical information, it must be adjusted for known or suspected operational and environmental changes. these adjustments are made by our actuaries based on their knowledge and their estimate of emerging impacts to benefit costs and payment speed. circumstances to be considered in developing our best estimate of reserves include changes in utilization levels, unit costs, mix of business, benefit plan designs, provider reimbursement levels, processing system conversions and changes, claim inventory levels, claim processing patterns, claim submission patterns and operational changes resulting from business combinations. a comparison of prior period liabilities to re-estimated claim liabilities based on subsequent claims development is also considered in making the liability determination. in our comparison to prior periods, the methods and assumptions are not changed as reserves are recalculated; rather, the availability of additional paid claims information drives changes in the re-estimate of the unpaid claim liability. to the extent appropriate, changes in such development are recorded as a change to current period benefit expense. the impact from covid-19 on healthcare utilization and medical claims submission patterns has increased estimation uncertainty on our incurred but not reported liability at december 31, 2020. slowdowns in claims submission patterns and increases in utilization levels for covid-19 testing and treatment during the fourth quarter of 2020 are the primary factors that lead to the increased estimation uncertainty.
we regularly review and set assumptions regarding cost trends and utilization when initially establishing claim liabilities. we continually monitor and adjust the claims liability and benefit expense based on subsequent paid claims activity. if it is determined that our assumptions regarding cost trends and utilization are materially different than actual results, our income statement and financial position could be impacted in future periods. adjustments of prior year estimates may result in additional benefit expense or a reduction of benefit expense in the period an adjustment is made. further, due to the considerable variability of healthcare costs, adjustments to claim liabilities occur each period and are sometimes significant as compared to the net income recorded in that period. prior period development is recognized immediately upon the actuary's judgment that a portion of the prior period liability is no longer needed or that an additional liability should have been accrued. that determination is made when sufficient information is available to ascertain that the re-estimate of the liability is reasonable.
while there are many factors that are used as a part of the estimation of our medical claims payable liability, the two key assumptions having the most significant impact on our incurred but not paid claims liability as of december 31, 2020 were the completion and trend factors. as discussed above, these two key assumptions can be influenced by utilization levels, unit costs, mix of business, benefit plan designs, provider reimbursement levels, processing system conversions and changes, claim inventory levels, claim processing patterns, claim submission patterns and operational changes resulting from business combinations.
there is variation in the reasonable choice of completion factors by duration for durations of three months through twelve months where the completion factors have the most significant impact. as previously discussed, completion factors tend to be less reliable for the most recent months and therefore are not specifically utilized for months one and two. in our analysis for the claim liabilities at december 31, 2020, the variability in months three to five was estimated to be between 40 and 90 basis points, while months six through twelve have much lower estimated variability ranging from 0 to 30 basis points.
the difference in completion factor assumptions, assuming moderately adverse experience, results in variability of 2%, or approximately $204, in the december 31, 2020 incurred but not paid claims liability, depending on the completion factors chosen. it is important to note that the completion factor methodology inherently assumes that historical completion rates will be reflective of the current period. however, it is possible that the actual completion rates for the current period will develop differently from historical patterns and therefore could fall outside the possible variations described herein.
the other major assumption used in the establishment of the december 31, 2020 incurred but not paid claim liability was the trend factors. in our analysis for the period ended december 31, 2020, there was a 320 basis point differential in the high and low trend factors assuming moderately adverse experience. this range of trend factors would imply variability of 4%, or approximately $427, in the incurred but not paid claims liability, depending upon the trend factors used. because historical trend factors are often not representative of current claim trends, the trend experience for the most recent six to nine months, plus knowledge of recent events likely affecting current trends, have been taken into consideration in establishing the incurred but not paid claims liability at december 31, 2020. the covid-19 pandemic continues to have a significant impact on 2020 dates of service. our expenses associated with covid-19 accelerated in the fourth quarter of 2020 and exceeded the benefit from lower volume of healthcare claims attributable to decreased utilization of non-covid-19 health services. we will continue to monitor emerging experience in order to better understand the possible implications to our reserves.
see note 12, "medical claims payable," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k, for a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balance for medical claims payable for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018. components of the total incurred claims for each year include amounts accrued for current year estimated claims expense as well as adjustments to prior year estimated accruals. in note 12, "medical claims payable," the line labeled "net incurred medical claims: prior years redundancies" accounts for those adjustments made to prior year estimates. the impact of any reduction of "net incurred medical claims: prior years redundancies" may be offset as we establish the estimate of "net incurred medical claims: current year." our reserving practice is to consistently recognize the actuarial best estimate of our ultimate liability for our claims. when we recognize a release of the redundancy, we disclose the amount that is not in the ordinary course of business, if material.
the ratio of current year medical claims paid as a percent of current year net medical claims incurred was 87.7% for 2020, 89.3% for 2019 and 90.2% for 2018. this ratio serves as an indicator of claims processing speed whereby 2020 claims were processed at a slower speed than in 2019 and 2018.
we calculate the percentage of prior year redundancies in the current year as a percent of prior year net incurred claims payable less prior year redundancies in the current year in order to demonstrate the development of the prior year reserves. for the year ended december 31, 2020, this metric was 8.0%, largely driven by favorable trend factor development at the end of 2019 as well as favorable completion factor development from 2019. for the year ended december 31, 2019, this metric was 7.4%, largely driven by favorable trend factor development at the end of 2018 as well as favorable completion factor development from 2018. for the year ended december 31, 2018, this metric was 13.7%, largely driven by favorable trend factor development at the end of 2017 as well as favorable completion factor development from 2017.
medical claims. we believe this calculation supports the reasonableness of our prior year estimate of incurred medical claims and the consistency in our methodology. for the year ended december 31, 2020, this metric was 0.8%, which was calculated using the redundancy of $637. this metric was 0.7% for 2019 and 1.3% for 2018. we believe these metrics demonstrate an appropriate level of reserve conservatism.
the following table shows the variance between total net incurred medical claims as reported in note 12, "medical claims payable," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k, for each of 2019 and 2018 and the incurred claims for such years had it been determined retrospectively (computed as the difference between "net incurred medical claims - current year" for the year shown and "net incurred medical claims - prior years redundancies" for the immediately following year):
given that our business is primarily short tailed (which means that medical claims are generally paid within twelve months of the member receiving service from the provider), the variance to total net incurred medical claims, as reported above, is used to assess the reasonableness of our estimate of ultimate incurred medical claims for a given calendar year with the benefit of one year of experience. we expect that substantially all of the development of the 2020 estimate of medical claims payable will be known during 2021.
the 2019 variance to total net incurred medical claims, as reported of 0.2% was greater than the 2018 percentage of (0.6)%. this was driven by the fact that the change in the prior year redundancy reported for 2020 as compared to 2019 was greater than the change in the prior year redundancy reported for 2019 as compared to 2018.
income taxes we account for income taxes in accordance with the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") guidance, which requires, among other things, the separate recognition of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities. such deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities represent the tax effect of temporary differences between financial reporting and tax reporting measured at tax rates enacted at the time the deferred tax asset or liability is recorded. a valuation allowance must be established for deferred tax assets if it is "more likely than not" that all or a portion may be unrealized. our judgment is required in determining an appropriate valuation allowance.
at each financial reporting date, we assess the adequacy of the valuation allowance by evaluating each of our deferred tax assets based on the following:
•the amount of taxes paid in prior periods and available for a carry-back claim;
•the tax rate at which the deferred tax assets will likely be utilized in the future;
•the forecasted future taxable income, and therefore, likely future deduction of the deferred tax item; and
•any significant other issues impacting the likely realization of the benefit of the temporary differences.
we, like other companies, frequently face challenges from tax authorities regarding the amount of taxes due. these challenges include questions regarding the timing and amount of deductions that we have taken on our tax returns. in evaluating any additional tax liability associated with various positions taken in our tax return filings, we record additional liabilities for potential adverse tax outcomes. based on our evaluation of our tax positions, we believe we have appropriately accrued for uncertain tax benefits, as required by the applicable guidance. to the extent we prevail in matters we have accrued for, our future effective tax rate would be reduced and net income would increase. if we are required to pay more
in the ordinary course of business, we are regularly audited by federal and other tax authorities, and from time to time, these audits result in proposed assessments. we believe our tax positions comply with applicable tax law, and we intend to defend our positions vigorously through the federal, state and local appeals processes. we believe we have adequately provided for any reasonably foreseeable outcome related to these matters. accordingly, although their ultimate resolution may require additional tax payments, we do not anticipate any material impact on our results of operations or financial condition from these matters.
for additional information, see note 8, "income taxes," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
goodwill and other intangible assets our consolidated goodwill at december 31, 2020 was $21,691 and other intangible assets were $9,405. the sum of goodwill and other intangible assets represented 35.9% of our total consolidated assets and 93.7% of our consolidated shareholders' equity at december 31, 2020.
we follow fasb guidance for business combinations and goodwill and other intangible assets, which specifies the types of acquired intangible assets that are required to be recognized and reported separately from goodwill. under the guidance, goodwill and other intangible assets (with indefinite lives) are not amortized but are tested for impairment at least annually. furthermore, goodwill and other intangible assets are allocated to reporting units for purposes of the annual impairment test. our impairment tests require us to make assumptions and judgments regarding the estimated fair value of our reporting units, which include goodwill and other intangible assets. in addition, certain other intangible assets with indefinite lives, such as trademarks, are also tested separately.
we complete our annual impairment tests of existing goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives during the fourth quarter of each year. these tests involve the use of estimates related to the fair value of goodwill at the reporting unit level and other intangible assets with indefinite lives, and require a significant degree of management judgment and the use of subjective assumptions. certain interim impairment tests are also performed when potential impairment indicators exist or changes in our business or other triggering events occur. we have the option of first performing a qualitative assessment for each reporting unit to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, which is an indication that our goodwill may be impaired. these qualitative impairment tests include assessing events and factors that could affect the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible assets. our procedures include assessing our financial performance, macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, various asset specific factors and entity specific events. if we determine that a reporting unit's goodwill may be impaired after utilizing these qualitative impairment analysis procedures, we are required to perform a quantitative impairment test.
our quantitative impairment test utilizes the projected income and market valuation approaches for goodwill and the projected income approach for our indefinite lived intangible assets. use of the projected income and market valuation approaches for our goodwill impairment test reflects our view that both valuation methodologies provide a reasonable estimate of fair value. the projected income approach is developed using assumptions about future revenue, expenses and net income derived from our internal planning process. these estimated future cash flows are then discounted. our assumed discount rate is based on our industry's weighted-average cost of capital. market valuations are based on observed multiples of certain measures including revenue; earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization; and book value of invested capital (debt and equity) and include market comparisons to publicly traded companies in our industry.
we did not incur any impairment losses as a result of our 2020 annual impairment tests, as it was determined that it is more likely than not that the estimated fair values of our reporting units were substantially in excess of the carrying values as of december 31, 2020. additionally, we do not believe that the estimated fair values of our reporting units are at risk of becoming impaired in the next twelve months.
if estimated fair values are less than the carrying values of goodwill and other intangibles with indefinite lives in future annual impairment tests, or if significant impairment indicators are noted relative to other intangible assets subject to amortization, we may be required to record impairment losses against future income.
for additional information, see note 3, "business acquisitions" and note 10, "goodwill and other intangible assets," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
investments current and long-term marketable investment securities were $25,554 at december 31, 2020 and represented 29.5% of our total consolidated assets at december 31, 2020. we classify fixed maturity securities in our investment portfolio as "available-for-sale" and report those securities at fair value. certain fixed maturity securities are available to support current operations and, accordingly, we classify such investments as current assets without regard to their contractual maturity. investments used to satisfy contractual, regulatory or other requirements are classified as long-term, without regard to contractual maturity.
our impairment review is subjective and requires a high degree of judgment. we conduct this review on a quarterly basis, using both qualitative and quantitative factors. such factors considered include the extent to which a security's market value has been less than its cost, the reasons for the decline in value (i.e., credit event compared to liquidity, general credit spread widening, currency exchange rate or interest rate factors), financial condition and near term prospects of the issuer, including the credit ratings and changes in the credit ratings of the issuer, recommendations of investment advisors, and forecasts of economic, market or industry trends.
prior to 2020, our fixed maturity securities were evaluated for other-than-temporary impairment where credit-related impairments were presented within the other-than-temporary impairment losses recognized in our consolidated statements of income with an adjustment to the security's amortized cost basis. effective january 1, 2020, if a fixed maturity security is in an unrealized loss position and we have the intent to sell the fixed maturity security, or it is more likely than not that we will have to sell the fixed maturity security before recovery of its amortized cost basis, we write down the fixed maturity security's cost basis to fair value and record an impairment loss in our consolidated statements of income. for impaired fixed maturity securities that we do not intend to sell or if it is more likely than not that we will not have to sell such securities, but we expect that we will not fully recover the amortized cost basis, we recognize the credit component of the impairment as an allowance for credit loss in our consolidated balance sheets and record an impairment loss in our consolidated statements of income. the non-credit component of the impairment is recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income. furthermore, unrealized losses entirely caused by non-credit-related factors related to fixed maturity securities for which we expect to fully recover the amortized cost basis continue to be recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income.
the credit component of an impairment is determined primarily by comparing the net present value of projected future cash flows with the amortized cost basis of the fixed maturity security. the net present value is calculated by discounting our best estimate of projected future cash flows at the effective interest rate implicit in the fixed maturity security at the date of purchase. for mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities, cash flow estimates are based on assumptions regarding the underlying collateral, including prepayment speeds, vintage, type of underlying asset, geographic concentrations, default rates, recoveries and changes in value. for all other securities, cash flow estimates are driven by assumptions regarding probability of default, including changes in credit ratings and estimates regarding timing and amount of recoveries associated with a default.
we have a committee of accounting and investment associates and management that is responsible for managing the impairment review process. we believe we have adequately reviewed our investment securities for impairment and that our investment securities are carried at fair value. we have established an allowance for credit loss and recorded credit loss expense as a reflection of our expected impairment losses. given the inherent uncertainty of changes in market conditions and the significant judgments involved, there is continuing risk that declines in fair value may occur and additional impairment losses on investments may be recorded in future periods.
in addition to marketable investment securities, we held additional long-term investments of $4,285, or 4.9% of total consolidated assets, at december 31, 2020. these long-term investments consisted primarily of certain other equity investments, the cash surrender value of corporate-owned life insurance policies and real estate. due to their less liquid nature, these investments are classified as long-term.
the covid-19 pandemic and efforts to prevent its spread have significantly impacted the global economy, causing market instability and declines in the fair value of our investment holdings in the energy sector and consumer-driven
industries such as travel, entertainment and retail. while the markets have stabilized since the onset of the covid-19 pandemic, the extent and length of the recovery remain uncertain. further, the energy sector and consumer-driven industries remain distressed. given this market uncertainty, there is a risk that our investments that have declined may not recover in future periods.
through our investing activities, we are exposed to financial market risks, including those resulting from changes in interest rates and changes in equity market valuations. we manage market risks through our investment policy, which establishes credit quality limits and limits on investments in individual issuers. ineffective management of these risks could have an impact on our future results of operations and financial condition. our investment portfolio includes fixed maturity securities with a fair value of $23,995 at december 31, 2020. the weighted-average credit rating of these securities was "a" as of december 31, 2020. included in this balance are investments in fixed maturity securities of states, municipalities and political subdivisions of $1,010 that are guaranteed by third parties. with the exception of twenty-one securities with a fair value of $34, these securities are all investment-grade and carry a weighted-average credit rating of "aa" as of december 31, 2020. the securities are guaranteed by a number of different guarantors, and we do not have any material exposure to any single guarantor, neither indirectly through the guarantees, nor directly through investment in the guarantor. further, due to the high underlying credit rating of the issuers, the weighted-average credit rating of the fixed maturity securities without a guarantee, for which such information is available, was "a" as of december 31, 2020.
fair values of fixed maturity and equity securities are based on quoted market prices, where available. these fair values are obtained primarily from third-party pricing services, which generally use level i or level ii inputs for the determination of fair value in accordance with fasb guidance for fair value measurements and disclosures. we have controls in place to review the pricing services' qualifications and procedures used to determine fair values. in addition, we periodically review the pricing services' pricing methodologies, data sources and pricing inputs to ensure the fair values obtained are reasonable.
we obtain quoted market prices for each security from the pricing services, which are derived through recently reported trades for identical or similar securities, making adjustments through the reporting date based upon available market observable information. for securities not actively traded, the pricing services may use quoted market prices of comparable instruments or discounted cash flow analyses, incorporating inputs that are currently observable in the markets for similar securities. inputs that are often used in these valuation methodologies include, but are not limited to, broker quotes, benchmark yields, credit spreads, default rates and prepayment speeds. as we are responsible for the determination of fair value, we perform analysis on the prices received from the pricing services to determine whether the prices are reasonable estimates of fair value. our analysis includes procedures such as a review of month-to-month price fluctuations and price comparisons to secondary pricing services. there were no adjustments to quoted market prices obtained from the pricing services during the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019.
in certain circumstances, it may not be possible to derive pricing model inputs from observable market activity, and therefore, such inputs are estimated internally. such securities are designated level iii in accordance with fasb guidance. securities designated level iii at december 31, 2020 totaled $392 and represented approximately 1.3% of our total assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis. our level iii securities primarily consisted of certain corporate securities and equity securities for which observable inputs were not always available and the fair values of these securities were estimated using inputs including, but not limited to, prepayment speeds, credit spreads, default rates and benchmark yields.
for additional information, see part ii, item 7a, "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk," and note 2, "basis of presentation and significant accounting policies," note 5, "investments," and note 7, "fair value," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
retirement benefits pension benefits we sponsor defined benefit pension plans for some of our employees. these plans are accounted for in accordance with fasb guidance for retirement benefits, which requires that amounts recognized in financial statements be determined on an actuarial basis. as permitted by the guidance, we calculate the value of plan assets as described below. further, the difference between our expected rate of return and the actual performance of plan assets, as well as certain changes in pension liabilities, are amortized over future periods.
an important factor in determining our pension expense is the assumption for expected long-term return on plan assets. as of our december 31, 2020 measurement date, we selected a weighted-average long-term rate of return on plan assets of 6.72%. we use a total portfolio return analysis in the development of our assumption. factors such as past market performance, the long-term relationship between fixed maturity and equity securities, interest rates, inflation and asset allocations are considered in the assumption. the assumption includes an estimate of the additional return expected from active management of the investment portfolio. peer data and an average of historical returns are also reviewed for appropriateness of the selected assumption. we believe our assumption of future returns is reasonable. however, if we lower our expected long-term return on plan assets, future contributions to the pension plan and pension expense would likely increase.
this assumed long-term rate of return on assets is applied to a calculated value of plan assets, which recognizes changes in the fair value of plan assets in a systematic manner over three years, producing the expected return on plan assets that is included in the determination of pension expense. we apply a corridor approach to amortize unrecognized actuarial gains or losses. under this approach, only accumulated net actuarial gains or losses in excess of 10% of the greater of the projected benefit obligation or the fair value of plan assets are amortized over the average remaining service or lifetime of the workforce as a component of pension expense. the net deferral of past asset gains or losses affects the calculated value of plan assets and, ultimately, future pension expense.
the discount rate reflects the current rate at which the pension liabilities could be effectively settled at the end of the year based on our most recent measurement date. we use the annual spot rate approach for setting our discount rate. under the spot rate approach, individual spot rates from a full yield curve of published rates are used to discount each plan's cash flows to determine the plan's obligation. at the december 31, 2020 measurement date, the weighted-average discount rate under the annual spot rate approach was 2.24%, compared to 3.11% at the december 31, 2019 measurement date. the net effect of changes in the discount rate, as well as the net effect of other changes in actuarial assumptions and experience, have been deferred and amortized as a component of pension expense in accordance with fasb guidance.
in managing the plan assets, our objective is to be a responsible fiduciary while minimizing financial risk. plan assets include a diversified mix of equity securities, investment grade fixed maturity securities and other types of investments across a range of sectors and levels of capitalization to maximize long-term return for a prudent level of risk. in addition to producing a reasonable return, the investment strategy seeks to minimize the volatility in our expense and cash flow.
effective january 1, 2019, we curtailed the benefits under the anthem cash balance plan b pension plan. all grandfathered participants no longer have pay credits added to their accounts, but continue to earn interest on existing account balances. participants continue to earn years of pension service for vesting purposes.
other postretirement benefits we provide most associates with certain medical, vision and dental benefits upon retirement. we use various actuarial assumptions, including a discount rate and the expected trend in healthcare costs, to estimate the costs and benefit obligations for our retiree benefits.
at our december 31, 2020 measurement date, the selected discount rate for all plans was 1.99%, compared to a discount rate of 2.93% at the december 31, 2019 measurement rate. we developed this rate using the annual spot rate approach as described above.
the assumed healthcare cost trend rates used to measure the expected cost of pre-medicare (those who are not currently eligible for medicare benefits) other benefits at our december 31, 2020 measurement date was 7.00% for 2021 with a gradual decline to 4.50% by the year 2033. the assumed healthcare cost trend rates used to measure the expected cost of post-medicare (those who are currently eligible for medicare benefits) other benefits at our december 31, 2020 measurement date was 5.50% for 2021 with a gradual decline to 4.50% by the year 2033. these estimated trend rates are subject to change in the future.
for additional information regarding our retirement benefits, see note 11, "retirement benefits," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
new accounting pronouncements for information regarding new accounting pronouncements that were issued or became effective during the year ended december 31, 2020 that had, or are expected to have, a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or financial statement disclosures, see the "recently adopted accounting guidance" and "recent accounting guidance not yet adopted" sections of note 2, "basis of presentation and significant accounting policies," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
liquidity and capital resources introduction our cash receipts result primarily from premiums, product revenue, administrative fees and other revenue, investment income, proceeds from the sale or maturity of our investment securities, proceeds from borrowings, and proceeds from the issuance of common stock under our employee stock plans. cash disbursements result mainly from claims payments, administrative expenses, taxes, purchases of investment securities, interest expense, payments on borrowings, acquisitions, capital expenditures, repurchases of our debt securities and common stock and the payment of cash dividends. cash outflows fluctuate with the amount and timing of settlement of these transactions. any future decline in our profitability would likely have an unfavorable impact on our liquidity.
the covid-19 pandemic and the related mitigation efforts have significantly impacted the economy, causing market instability and increasing unemployment in the united states. while the full impact of covid-19 on our business remains uncertain, it could have a material adverse effect on our claim payments, collection of our premiums, product or administrative fee revenues, our investments and our ability to access credit. additional discussion regarding the impact of covid-19 can be found elsewhere in this md&a.
we manage our cash, investments and capital structure so we are able to meet the short-term and long-term obligations of our business while maintaining financial flexibility and liquidity. we forecast, analyze and monitor our cash flows to enable investment and financing within the overall constraints of our financial strategy.
to preserve our liquidity and financial flexibility and to minimize the effects of the covid-19 pandemic, we proactively took several actions during 2020, including borrowing under our senior revolving credit facility in march 2020, which was repaid in april 2020; delaying certain tax payments as permitted by the irs and the cares act; and temporarily suspending our share repurchase activity in march 2020, which was resumed in late june 2020. we may take additional actions going forward to maximize our liquidity, including increasing our borrowings from existing or new federal home loan bank memberships and other available borrowings. we will continue to monitor the market conditions and seek to act in a prudent manner.
a substantial portion of the assets held by our regulated subsidiaries are in the form of cash and cash equivalents and investments. after considering expected cash flows from operating activities, we generally invest cash that exceeds our near term obligations in longer term marketable fixed maturity securities to improve our overall investment income returns. our investment strategy is to make investments consistent with insurance statutes and other regulatory requirements, while preserving our asset base. our investments are generally available-for-sale to meet liquidity and other needs. our subsidiaries pay out excess capital annually in the form of dividends to their respective parent companies for general corporate use, as permitted by applicable regulations.
the availability of financing in the form of debt or equity is influenced by many factors, including our profitability, operating cash flows, debt levels, debt ratings, contractual restrictions, regulatory requirements and market conditions. the securities and credit markets have in the past experienced higher than normal volatility, although current market conditions are more stable. during recent years, the federal government and various governmental agencies have taken a number of steps to strengthen the regulation of the financial services market. in addition, governments around the world have developed their own plans to provide stability and security in the credit markets and to ensure adequate capital in certain financial institutions. further, in response to the covid-19 pandemic, the federal government has established a number of programs to provide liquidity to the financial system that provides lending to states, municipalities, and eligible businesses.
a summary of our major sources and uses of cash and cash equivalents for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018 is as follows:
years ended december 31                                                    $ change
net cash provided by operating activities                                                           $10,688                      $6,061                      $3,827                     $4,627                        $2,234
proceeds from sales, maturities, calls and redemptions of investments, net of purchases                   -                           -                       1,929                          -                       (1,929)
issuance of common stock under equity units stock purchase contracts                                      -                           -                       1,250                          -                       (1,250)
purchases of investments, net of proceeds from sales, maturities, calls and redemptions             (3,433)                     (1,919)                           -                    (1,514)                       (1,919)
effect of foreign exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents                                             7                           -                         (2)                          7                             2
liquidity-year ended december 31, 2020 compared to year ended december 31, 2019
the increase in cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to the impact of the timing of working capital changes. the increase was further due to membership growth in our government business segment and higher net income in 2020, excluding the non-cash impact of accrued expenses related to our business optimization initiatives and the bcbsa litigation.
other significant changes in sources and uses of cash year-over-year included increases in cash used for acquisitions, net purchases of investments and cash used for repurchase and retirement of common stock.
financial condition we maintained a strong financial condition and liquidity position, with consolidated cash, cash equivalents and investments in fixed maturity and equity securities of $31,295 at december 31, 2020. since december 31, 2019, total cash, cash equivalents and investments in fixed maturity and equity securities increased by $5,168, primarily due to cash generated from operations. this increase was partially offset by cash used for common stock repurchases, acquisitions, purchases of property and equipment and cash dividends paid to shareholders.
many of our subsidiaries are subject to various government regulations that restrict the timing and amount of dividends and other distributions that may be paid to their respective parent companies. certain accounting practices prescribed by insurance regulatory authorities, or statutory accounting practices, differ from gaap. changes that occur in statutory accounting practices, if any, could impact our subsidiaries' future dividend capacity. in addition, we have agreed to certain
undertakings to regulatory authorities, including the requirement to maintain certain capital levels in certain of our subsidiaries.
at december 31, 2020, we held $1,747 of cash, cash equivalents and investments at the parent company, which are available for general corporate use, including investment in our businesses, acquisitions, potential future common stock repurchases and dividends to shareholders, repurchases of debt securities and debt and interest payments.
debt periodically, we access capital markets and issue debt ("notes") for long-term borrowing purposes, for example, to refinance debt, to finance acquisitions or for share repurchases. certain of these notes may have a call feature that allows us to redeem the notes at any time at our option and/or a put feature that allows a note holder to redeem the notes upon the occurrence of both a change in control event and a downgrade of the notes below an investment grade rating. for more information on our debt, including redemptions and issuances, see note 13, "debt" of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
we calculate our consolidated debt-to-capital ratio, a non-gaap measure, from the amounts presented on our audited consolidated balance sheets included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k. our debt-to-capital ratio is calculated as total debt divided by total debt plus total shareholders' equity. total debt is the sum of short-term borrowings, current portion of long-term debt, long-term debt, less current portion, and lease liabilities. we believe our debt-to-capital ratio assists investors and rating agencies in measuring our overall leverage and additional borrowing capacity. in addition, our bank covenants include a maximum debt-to-capital ratio that we cannot and did not exceed. our debt-to-capital ratio may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. our consolidated debt-to-capital ratio was 38.7% and 39.5% as of december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
our senior debt is rated "a" by s&p global, "bbb" by fitch ratings, inc., "baa2" by moody's investor service, inc. and "bbb+" by am best company, inc. we intend to maintain our senior debt investment grade ratings. if our credit ratings are downgraded, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely impacted by limitations on future borrowings and a potential increase in our borrowing costs.
future sources and uses of liquidity we have a shelf registration statement on file with the sec to register an unlimited amount of any combination of debt or equity securities in one or more offerings. specific information regarding terms and securities being offered will be provided at the time of an offering. proceeds from future offerings are expected to be used for general corporate purposes, including, but not limited to, the repayment of debt, investments in or extensions of credit to our subsidiaries and the financing of possible acquisitions or business expansions.
we have a senior revolving credit facility (the "5-year facility") with a group of lenders for general corporate purposes. in june 2019, we amended and restated the credit agreement for the 5-year facility to, among other things, extend the maturity date from august 2020 to june 2024 and decrease the amount of credit available from $3,500 to $2,500. in june 2019, we also entered into a 364-day senior revolving credit facility (the "364-day facility") with a group of lenders for general corporate purposes, which provides for credit in the amount of $1,000. in may 2020, we amended and extended the 364-day facility, which now matures in june 2021. our ability to borrow under these credit facilities is subject to compliance with certain covenants. we do not believe the restrictions contained in these covenants materially affect our financial or operating flexibility. as of december 31, 2020, we were in compliance with all of our debt covenants. there were no amounts outstanding under the 5-year facility or the 364-day facility at december 31, 2020.
through certain subsidiaries, we have entered into multiple 364-day lines of credit (the "subsidiary credit facilities") with separate lenders for general corporate purposes. the subsidiary credit facilities provide combined credit up to $300. our ability to borrow under the subsidiary credit facilities is subject to compliance with certain covenants. at december 31, 2020, we had no outstanding borrowings under the subsidiary credit facilities.
we have a $3,500 commercial paper program, the proceeds of which may be used for general corporate purposes. should commercial paper issuance be unavailable, we have the ability to use a combination of cash on hand and/or our two senior revolving credit facilities, which provide for combined credit in the amount of $3,500, to redeem any outstanding commercial
paper upon maturity. while there is no assurance in the current economic environment, we believe the lenders participating in our credit facilities, if market conditions allow, would be willing to provide financing in accordance with their legal obligations. at december 31, 2020, we had $250 outstanding under our commercial paper program.
we are a member, through certain subsidiaries, of the federal home loan bank of indianapolis, the federal home loan bank of cincinnati, the federal home loan bank of atlanta and the federal home loan bank of new york, collectively (the "fhlbs"). as a member, we have the ability to obtain short-term cash advances, subject to certain minimum collateral requirements. at december 31, 2020, we had no outstanding short-term borrowings from the fhlbs.
as discussed in "financial condition" above, many of our subsidiaries are subject to various government regulations that restrict the timing and amount of dividends and other distributions that may be paid. based upon these requirements, we currently estimate that approximately $2,505 of dividends will be paid to the parent company during 2021. during 2020, we received $3,618 of dividends from our subsidiaries.
we regularly review the appropriate use of capital, including acquisitions, common stock and debt security repurchases and dividends to shareholders. the declaration and payment of any dividends or repurchases of our common stock or debt is at the discretion of our board of directors and depends upon our financial condition, results of operations, future liquidity needs, regulatory and capital requirements and other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors.
on january 26, 2021, our audit committee declared a quarterly cash dividend to shareholders of $1.13 per share on the outstanding shares of our common stock. this quarterly dividend is payable on march 25, 2021 to the shareholders of record as of march 10, 2021.
under our board of directors' authorization, we maintain a common stock repurchase program. as of december 31, 2020, we had board authorization of $1,092 to repurchase our common stock. on january 26, 2021, our audit committee, pursuant to authorization granted by the board of directors, authorized a $5,000 increase to our common stock repurchase program.
for additional information regarding our sources and uses of capital, see note 5, "investments," note 6, "derivative financial instruments," note 13, "debt" and note 15, "capital stock-use of capital-dividends and stock repurchase program" of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
contractual obligations and commitments our estimated contractual obligations and commitments as of december 31, 2020 are as follows:
investment commitments                                             20                            11                                 7                                 1                                 1
other long-term liabilities4                                      716                             9                               284                               281                               142
investment commitments6                                         1,320                           270                               448                                61                               541
total contractual obligations and commitments                 $40,004                        $3,147                            $8,195                           $19,744                            $8,918
see note 18, "leases," of the notes to consolidated financial statements, included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
represents low income housing tax credits.
primarily consists of reserves for future policy benefits, projected other postretirement benefits, deferred compensation, supplemental executive retirement plan liabilities and certain other miscellaneous long-term obligations. estimated future payments for funded pension benefits have been excluded from this table, as we had no funding requirements under erisa at december 31, 2020 as a result of the value of the assets in the plans.
includes estimated payments for future services under contractual arrangements from third-party service contracts.
includes unfunded capital commitments for alternative investments.
the above table does not contain $282 of gross liabilities for uncertain tax positions and interest for which we cannot reasonably estimate the timing of the resolutions with the respective taxing authorities. for further information, see note 8, "income taxes," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
in addition to the contractual obligations and commitments discussed above, we have a variety of other contractual agreements related to acquiring materials and services used in our operations. however, we do not believe these other agreements contain material noncancelable commitments.
we believe that funds from future operating cash flows, cash and investments and funds available under our senior revolving credit facilities and/or from public or private financing sources will be sufficient for future operations and commitments, and for capital acquisitions and other strategic transactions.
off-balance sheet arrangements we do not have any off-balance sheet derivative instruments, guarantee transactions, agreements or other contractual arrangements or any indemnification agreements that will require funding in future periods. we have not transferred assets to an unconsolidated entity that serves as credit, liquidity or market risk support to such entity. we do not hold any variable interest in an unconsolidated entity where such entity provides us with financing, liquidity, market risk or credit risk support.
risk-based capital our regulated subsidiaries' states of domicile have statutory risk-based capital ("rbc") requirements for health and other insurance companies and hmos largely based on the national association of insurance commissioners ("naic") risk-based capital (rbc) for health organizations model act ("rbc model act"). these rbc requirements are intended to measure capital adequacy, taking into account the risk characteristics of an insurer's investments and products. the naic sets forth the formula for calculating the rbc requirements, which are designed to take into account asset risks, insurance risks, interest rate risks and other relevant risks with respect to an individual insurance company's business. in general, under the rbc model act, an insurance company must submit a report of its rbc level to the state insurance department or insurance commissioner, as appropriate, at the end of each calendar year. our regulated subsidiaries' respective rbc levels as of december 31, 2020, which was the most recent date for which reporting was required, were in excess of all applicable mandatory rbc requirements. in addition to exceeding these rbc requirements, we are in compliance with the liquidity and capital requirements for a licensee of the bcbsa and with the tangible net worth requirements applicable to certain of our california subsidiaries.
for additional information, see note 22, "statutory information," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.