item 1a. risk factors our business and operations are subject to many risks. the risks described below may not be the only risks we face, as our business and operations may also be subject to risks that we do not yet know of, or that we currently believe are immaterial. if any of the events or circumstances described below actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected and the trading price of our common stock could decline. the following risk factors should be read in conjunction with the other information contained herein, including the consolidated financial statements and the related notes. unless the context requires otherwise, "we," "us," "our" and "eog" refer to eog resources, inc. and its subsidiaries.
risks related to our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows crude oil, natural gas and ngl prices are volatile, and a substantial and extended decline in commodity prices can have a material and adverse effect on us.
•domestic and international drilling activity;
•worldwide economic conditions, geopolitical factors and political conditions, including, but not limited to, the imposition of tariffs or trade or other economic sanctions, political instability or armed conflict in oil and gas producing regions;
•the availability, proximity and capacity of appropriate transportation, gathering, processing, compression, storage and refining facilities;
•the price and availability of, and demand for, competing energy sources, including alternative energy sources;
•the effect of worldwide energy conservation measures, alternative fuel requirements and climate change-related initiatives;
•the nature and extent of governmental regulation, including any changes or other actions which may result from the recent elections in the united states of america (united states or u.s.) and change in administration, and including environmental and other climate change-related regulation, regulation of derivatives transactions and hedging activities, tax laws and regulations and laws and regulations with respect to the import and export of crude oil, ngls, and natural gas and related commodities;
•the level and effect of trading in commodity futures markets, including trading by commodity price speculators and others; and
•weather conditions and changes in weather patterns.
the above-described factors and the volatility of commodity prices make it difficult to predict crude oil, ngls and natural gas prices in 2021 and thereafter. as a result, there can be no assurance that the prices for crude oil, ngls and/or natural gas will continue to increase from, or sustain, their current levels, nor can there be any assurance that the prices for crude oil, ngls and/or natural gas will not again decline.
our cash flows and results of operations depend to a great extent on prevailing commodity prices. accordingly, substantial and extended declines in commodity prices can materially and adversely affect the amount of cash flows we have available for our capital expenditures and operating expenses, the terms on which we can access the credit and capital markets and our results of operations.
lower commodity prices can also reduce the amount of crude oil, ngls and natural gas that we can produce economically. substantial and extended declines in the prices of these commodities can render uneconomic a portion of our exploration, development and exploitation projects, resulting in our having to make downward adjustments to our estimated proved reserves and also possibly shut in or plug and abandon certain wells. in addition, significant prolonged decreases in commodity prices may cause the expected future cash flows from our properties to fall below their respective net book values, which would require us to write down the value of our properties. such reserve write-downs and asset impairments can materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial position and, in turn, the trading price of our common stock.
in fact, the substantial declines in crude oil, ngls and natural gas prices that occurred in the first half of 2020 materially and adversely affected the amount of cash flows we had available for our 2020 capital expenditures and operating expenses, our results of operations during the first half of 2020 and the trading price of our common stock. such commodity price declines also resulted in aggregate impairment charges of approximately $1.8 billion in the first half of 2020 with respect to our proved oil and gas properties and related assets. such declines in commodity prices also resulted in our making a downward adjustment of 278 million barrels of oil equivalent to our estimated net proved reserves at december 31, 2020.
if commodity prices decline from current levels for an extended period of time, our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations will be adversely affected and we may be limited in our ability to maintain our current level of dividends on our common stock. in addition, we may be required to incur additional impairment charges and/or make additional downward adjustments to our proved reserve estimates. as a result, our financial condition and results of operations and the trading price of our common stock may be materially and adversely affected.
we have substantial capital requirements, and we may be unable to obtain needed financing on satisfactory terms, if at all.
we make, and will continue to make, substantial capital expenditures for the acquisition, exploration, development, production and transportation of crude oil, ngls and natural gas reserves. we intend to finance our capital expenditures primarily through our cash flows from operations and sales of non-core assets and, to a lesser extent and if and as necessary, commercial paper borrowings, bank borrowings, borrowings under our revolving credit facility and public and private equity and debt offerings.
lower crude oil, ngls and natural gas prices, however, reduce our cash flows and could also delay or impair our ability to consummate certain planned non-core asset sales and divestitures. further, if the condition of the credit and capital markets materially declines, we might not be able to obtain financing on terms we consider acceptable, if at all. in addition, weakness and/or volatility in domestic and global financial markets or economic conditions or a depressed commodity price environment may increase the interest rates that lenders and commercial paper investors require us to pay or adversely affect our ability to finance our capital expenditures through equity or debt offerings or other borrowings.
similarly, a reduction in our cash flows (for example, as a result of lower crude oil, natural gas and/or ngls prices or unanticipated well shut-ins) and the corresponding adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations may also increase the interest rates that lenders and commercial paper investors require us to pay. a substantial increase in interest rates would decrease our net cash flows available for reinvestment. any of these factors could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
further, our ability to obtain financings, our borrowing costs and the terms of any financings are, in part, dependent on the credit ratings assigned to our debt by independent credit rating agencies. the interrelated factors that may impact our credit ratings include our debt levels; planned capital expenditures and sales of assets; near-term and long-term production growth opportunities; liquidity; asset quality; cost structure; product mix; and commodity pricing levels (including, but not limited to, the estimates and assumptions of credit rating agencies with respect to future commodity prices). we cannot provide any assurance that our current credit ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that our credit ratings will be raised in the future, nor can we provide any assurance that any of our credit ratings will not be lowered.
reserve estimates depend on many interpretations and assumptions. any significant inaccuracies in these interpretations and assumptions could cause the reported quantities of our reserves to be materially misstated.
estimating quantities of crude oil, ngls and natural gas reserves and future net cash flows from such reserves is a complex, inexact process. it requires interpretations of available technical data and various assumptions, including assumptions relating to economic factors, made by our management. any significant inaccuracies in these interpretations or assumptions could cause the reported quantities of our reserves and future net cash flows from such reserves to be overstated or understated. also, the data for a given reservoir may also change substantially over time as a result of numerous factors including, but not limited to, additional development activity, evolving production history, continual reassessment of the viability of production under varying economic conditions and improvements and other changes in geological, geophysical and engineering evaluation methods.
to prepare estimates of our economically recoverable crude oil, ngls and natural gas reserves and future net cash flows from our reserves, we analyze many variable factors, such as historical production from the area compared with production rates from other producing areas. we also analyze available geological, geophysical, production and engineering data, and the extent, quality and reliability of this data can vary. the process also involves economic assumptions relating to commodity prices, production costs, gathering, processing, compression, storage and transportation costs, severance, ad valorem and other applicable taxes, capital expenditures and workover and remedial costs. many of these factors are or may be beyond our control. our actual reserves and future net cash flows from such reserves most likely will vary from our estimates. any significant variance, including any significant downward revisions to our existing reserve estimates, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and, in turn, the trading price of our common stock. for related discussion, see item 2, properties - oil and gas exploration and production - properties and reserves and supplemental information to consolidated financial statements.
if we fail to acquire or find sufficient additional reserves over time, our reserves and production will decline from their current levels.
the rate of production from crude oil and natural gas properties generally declines as reserves are produced. except to the extent that we conduct successful exploration, exploitation and development activities resulting in additional reserves, acquire additional properties containing reserves or, through engineering studies, identify additional behind-pipe zones or secondary recovery reserves, our reserves will decline as they are produced. maintaining our production of crude oil and natural gas at, or increasing our production from, current levels, is, therefore, highly dependent upon our level of success in acquiring or finding additional reserves, which may be adversely impacted by bans or restrictions on drilling. to the extent we are unsuccessful in acquiring or finding additional reserves, our future cash flows and results of operations and, in turn, the trading price of our common stock could be materially and adversely affected.
our hedging activities may prevent us from fully benefiting from increases in crude oil, ngls and natural gas prices and may expose us to other risks, including counterparty risk.
we use derivative instruments (primarily financial basis swap, price swap, option, swaption and collar contracts) to hedge the impact of fluctuations in crude oil, ngls and natural gas prices on our results of operations and cash flows. to the extent that we engage in hedging activities to protect ourselves against commodity price declines, we may be prevented from fully realizing the benefits of increases in crude oil, ngls and natural gas prices above the prices established by our hedging contracts. a portion of our forecasted production for 2021 and 2022 is subject to fluctuating market prices. if we are ultimately unable to hedge additional production volumes for 2021, 2022 and beyond, we may be materially and adversely impacted by any declines in commodity prices, which may result in lower net cash provided by operating activities. in addition, our hedging activities may expose us to the risk of financial loss in certain circumstances, including instances in which the counterparties to our hedging contracts fail to perform under the contracts.
the inability of our customers and other contractual counterparties to satisfy their obligations to us may have a material and adverse effect on us.
we have various customers for the crude oil, natural gas and related commodities that we produce as well as various other contractual counterparties, including several financial institutions and affiliates of financial institutions. domestic and global economic conditions, including the financial condition of financial institutions generally, may adversely affect the ability of our customers and other contractual counterparties to pay amounts owed to us from time to time and to otherwise satisfy their contractual obligations to us, as well as their ability to access the credit and capital markets for such purposes.
moreover, our customers and other contractual counterparties may be unable to satisfy their contractual obligations to us for reasons unrelated to these conditions and factors, such as the unavailability of required facilities or equipment due to mechanical failure or market conditions. furthermore, if a customer is unable to satisfy its contractual obligation to purchase crude oil, natural gas or related commodities from us, we may be unable to sell such production to another customer on terms we consider acceptable, if at all, due to the geographic location of such production; the availability, proximity and capacity of appropriate gathering, processing, compression, storage, transportation and refining facilities; or market or other factors and conditions.
the inability of our customers and other contractual counterparties to pay amounts owed to us and to otherwise satisfy their contractual obligations to us may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
risks related to our operations drilling crude oil and natural gas wells is a high-risk activity and subjects us to a variety of risks that we cannot control.
•unexpected drilling conditions;
•title problems;
•pressure or irregularities in formations;
•adverse weather conditions, such as winter storms, flooding, tropical storms and hurricanes, and changes in weather patterns;
•compliance with, or changes in (including the adoption of new), environmental, health and safety laws and regulations relating to air emissions, hydraulic fracturing, access to and use of water, disposal or other discharge (e.g., into injection wells) of produced water, drilling fluids and other wastes, laws and regulations imposing conditions or restrictions on drilling and completion operations and on the transportation of crude oil and natural gas, and other laws and regulations, such as tax laws and regulations;
•the availability and timely issuance of required federal, state, tribal and other permits and licenses, which may be adversely affected by (among other things) bans or restrictions on drilling, government shutdowns or other suspensions of, or delays in, government services;
•the availability of, costs associated with and terms of contractual arrangements for properties, including mineral licenses and leases, pipelines, crude oil hauling trucks and qualified drivers and facilities and equipment to gather, process, compress, store, transport, market and export crude oil, natural gas and related commodities; and
•the costs of, or shortages or delays in the availability of, drilling rigs, hydraulic fracturing services, pressure pumping equipment and supplies, tubular materials, water, sand, disposal facilities, qualified personnel and other necessary facilities, equipment, materials, supplies and services.
our failure to recover our investment in wells, increases in the costs of our drilling operations or those of our third-party operators, and/or curtailments, delays or cancellations of our drilling operations or those of our third-party operators, in each case, due to any of the above factors or other factors, may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. for related discussion of the risks and potential losses and liabilities inherent in our crude oil and natural gas operations generally, see the immediately following risk factor.
our crude oil, ngls and natural gas operations and supporting activities and operations involve many risks and expose us to potential losses and liabilities, and insurance may not fully protect us against these risks and potential losses and liabilities.
our crude oil, ngls and natural gas operations and supporting activities and operations are subject to all of the risks associated with exploring and drilling for, and producing, gathering, processing, compressing, storing and transporting, crude oil and natural gas, including the risks of:
•terrorism, vandalism and physical, electronic and cybersecurity breaches;
•formations with abnormal or unexpected pressures;
•leaks or spills in connection with, or associated with, the gathering, processing, compression, storage and transportation of crude oil, ngls and natural gas; and
•malfunctions of, or damage to, gathering, processing, compression and transportation facilities and equipment and other facilities and equipment utilized in support of our crude oil and natural gas operations.
if any of these events occur, we could incur losses, liabilities and other additional costs as a result of:
•damage to, or destruction of, property, facilities, equipment and crude oil and natural gas reservoirs;
•regulatory investigations and penalties as well as cleanup and remediation responsibilities and costs;
•compliance with laws and regulations enacted as a result of such events.
we maintain insurance against many, but not all, such losses and liabilities in accordance with what we believe are customary industry practices and in amounts and at costs that we believe to be prudent and commercially practicable. however, the occurrence of any of these events and any losses or liabilities incurred as a result of such events, if uninsured or in excess of our insurance coverage, would reduce the funds available to us for our operations and could, in turn, have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our ability to sell and deliver our crude oil, ngls and natural gas production could be materially and adversely affected if adequate gathering, processing, compression, storage, transportation and export facilities and equipment are unavailable.
the sale of our crude oil, ngls and natural gas production depends on a number of factors beyond our control, including the availability, proximity and capacity of, and costs associated with, gathering, processing, compression, storage, transportation and export facilities and equipment owned by third parties. these facilities and equipment may be temporarily unavailable to us due to market conditions, regulatory reasons, mechanical reasons or other factors or conditions, and may not be available to us in the future on terms we consider acceptable, if at all. in particular, in certain newer plays, the capacity of gathering, processing, compression, storage, transportation and export facilities and equipment may not be sufficient to accommodate potential production from existing and new wells. in addition, lack of financing, construction and permitting delays, permitting costs and regulatory or other constraints could limit or delay the construction, manufacture or other acquisition of new gathering, processing, compression, storage, transportation and export facilities and equipment by third parties or us, and we may experience delays or increased costs in accessing the pipelines, gathering systems or rail systems necessary to transport our production to points of sale or delivery.
any significant change in market or other conditions affecting gathering, processing, compression, storage, transportation and export facilities and equipment or the availability of these facilities and equipment, including due to our failure or inability to obtain access to these facilities and equipment on terms acceptable to us or at all, could materially and adversely affect our business and, in turn, our financial condition and results of operations.
a portion of our crude oil, ngls and natural gas production may be interrupted, or shut in, from time to time for various reasons, including, but not limited to, as a result of accidents, weather conditions, the unavailability of gathering, processing, compression, storage, transportation, refining or export facilities or equipment or field labor issues, or intentionally as a result of market conditions such as crude oil, ngls or natural gas prices that we deem uneconomic. if a substantial amount of our production is interrupted or shut in, our cash flows and, in turn, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
we have limited control over the activities on properties that we do not operate.
some of the properties in which we have an interest are operated by other companies and involve third-party working interest owners. as a result, we have limited ability to influence or control the operation or future development of such properties, including compliance with environmental, safety and other regulations, or the amount of capital expenditures that we will be required to fund with respect to such properties. moreover, we are dependent on the other working interest owners of such projects to fund their contractual share of the capital expenditures of such projects. in addition, a third-party operator could also decide to shut-in or curtail production from wells, or plug and abandon marginal wells, on properties owned by that operator during periods of lower crude oil, ngls or natural gas prices. these limitations and our dependence on the operator and third-party working interest owners for these projects could cause us to incur unexpected future costs, lower production and materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
if we acquire crude oil, ngls and natural gas properties, our failure to fully identify existing and potential problems, to accurately estimate reserves, production rates or costs, or to effectively integrate the acquired properties into our operations could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
from time to time, we seek to acquire crude oil and natural gas properties - for example, our october 2016 mergers and related asset purchase transactions with yates petroleum corporation and certain of its affiliated entities. although we perform reviews of properties to be acquired in a manner that we believe is duly diligent and consistent with industry practices, reviews of records and properties may not necessarily reveal existing or potential problems (such as title or environmental issues), nor may they permit us to become sufficiently familiar with the properties in order to fully assess their deficiencies and potential. even when problems with a property are identified, we often may assume environmental and other risks and liabilities in connection with acquired properties pursuant to the acquisition agreements.
in addition, there are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of crude oil and natural gas reserves (as discussed further above), actual future production rates and associated costs with respect to acquired properties. actual reserves, production rates and costs may vary substantially from those assumed in our estimates. in addition, an acquisition may have a material and adverse effect on our business and results of operations, particularly during the periods in which the operations of the acquired properties are being integrated into our ongoing operations or if we are unable to effectively integrate the acquired properties into our ongoing operations.
competition in the oil and gas exploration and production industry is intense, and some of our competitors have greater resources than we have.
we compete with major integrated oil and gas companies, government-affiliated oil and gas companies and other independent oil and gas companies for the acquisition of licenses and leases, properties and reserves and access to the facilities, equipment, materials, services and employees and other personnel (including geologists, geophysicists, engineers and other specialists) necessary to explore for, develop, produce, market and transport crude oil, ngls and natural gas. certain of our competitors have financial and other resources substantially greater than those we possess and have established strategic long-term positions or strong governmental relationships in countries or areas in which we may seek new or expanded entry. as a consequence, we may be at a competitive disadvantage in certain respects, such as in bidding for drilling rights or in accessing necessary services, facilities, equipment, materials and personnel. in addition, our larger competitors may have a competitive advantage when responding to factors that affect demand for crude oil, ngls and natural gas, such as changing worldwide prices and levels of production and the cost and availability of alternative fuels. we also face competition from competing energy sources, such as renewable energy sources.
risks related to our international operations we operate in other countries and, as a result, are subject to certain political, economic and other risks.
•loss of revenue, loss of or damage to equipment, property and other assets and interruption of operations as a result of expropriation, nationalization, acts of terrorism, war, civil unrest and other political risks;
•unilateral or forced renegotiation, modification or nullification of existing contracts with governmental entities;
•difficulties enforcing our rights against a governmental agency because of the doctrine of sovereign immunity and foreign sovereignty over international operations; and
our international operations may also be adversely affected by u.s. laws and policies affecting foreign trade and taxation, including tariffs or trade or other economic sanctions; modifications to, or withdrawal from, international trade treaties; and u.s. laws with respect to participation in boycotts that are not supported by the u.s. government. the realization of any of these factors could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the reporting currency for our financial statements is the u.s. dollar. however, certain of our subsidiaries are located in countries other than the u.s. and have functional currencies other than the u.s. dollar. the assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses of certain of these foreign subsidiaries are denominated in currencies other than the u.s. dollar. to prepare our consolidated financial statements, we must translate those assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses into u.s. dollars at then-applicable exchange rates. consequently, increases and decreases in the value of the u.s. dollar versus other currencies will affect the amount of these items in our consolidated financial statements, even if the amount has not changed in the original currency. these translations could result in changes to our results of operations from period to period. for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2020, less than 1% of our net operating revenues related to operations of our foreign subsidiaries whose functional currency was not the u.s. dollar.
in november 2020, joseph r. biden jr. was elected president of the united states. new or revised rules, regulations and policies may be issued, and new legislation may be proposed, during the current administration that could impact the oil and gas exploration and production industry. such rules, regulations, policies and legislation may affect, among other things, (i) permitting for oil and gas drilling on federal lands, (ii) the leasing of federal lands for oil and gas development, (iii) the regulation of greenhouse gas (ghg) emissions and/or other climate change-related matters associated with oil and gas operations, (iv) the use of hydraulic fracturing on federal lands, (v) the calculation of royalty payments in respect of oil and gas production from federal lands and (vi) u.s. federal income tax laws applicable to oil and gas exploration and production companies. on january 27, 2021, president biden issued executive order 14008 entitled "tackling the climate crisis at home and abroad," directing the secretary of the interior, to the extent consistent with applicable law and in consultation with other agencies and stakeholders, to (i) pause approval of new oil and natural gas leases on federal lands or in offshore waters pending completion of a comprehensive review and reconsideration of federal oil and gas permitting and leasing practices and (ii) consider whether to adjust royalties associated with oil and gas resources extracted from federal lands and offshore waters to account for corresponding climate costs.
further, such regulatory, legislative and policy changes may, among other things, result in additional permitting and disclosure requirements, additional operating restrictions and/or the imposition of various conditions and restrictions on drilling and completion operations or other aspects of our business, any of which could lead to operational delays, increased operating and compliance costs and/or other impacts on our business and operations and could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
we incur certain costs to comply with government regulations, particularly regulations relating to environmental protection and safety, and could incur even greater costs in the future.
our crude oil, ngls and natural gas operations and supporting activities are regulated extensively by federal, state, tribal and local governments and regulatory agencies, both domestically and in the foreign countries in which we do business, and are subject to interruption or termination by governmental and regulatory authorities based on environmental, health, safety or other considerations. moreover, we have incurred and will continue to incur costs in our efforts to comply with the requirements of environmental, health, safety and other regulations. further, the regulatory environment could change in ways that we cannot predict and that might substantially increase our costs of compliance and/or adversely affect our business and operations and, in turn, materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition, including any changes that may result from the recent u.s. elections and change in administration (see the risk factor above with respect to the new u.s. administration).
specifically, as a current or past owner or lessee and operator of crude oil and natural gas properties, we are subject to various federal, state, tribal, local and foreign regulations relating to the discharge of materials into, and the protection of, the environment. these regulations may, among other things, impose liability on us for the cost of pollution cleanup resulting from current or past operations, subject us to liability for pollution damages and require suspension or cessation of operations in affected areas. changes in, or additions to, these regulations, including any changes that may result from the recent u.s. elections and change in administration, could lead to increased operating and compliance costs and, in turn, materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
the regulation of hydraulic fracturing is primarily conducted at the state and local level through permitting and other compliance requirements and, further, some state and local governments have imposed or have considered imposing various conditions and restrictions on drilling and completion operations. the u.s. environmental protection agency (u.s. epa) has issued regulations relating to hydraulic fracturing and there have been various other proposals to regulate hydraulic fracturing at the federal level.  in addition, there were proposals and positions taken by president biden during his campaign regarding the use of hydraulic fracturing on federal lands and waters. further, on january 27, 2021, president biden issued executive order 14008 entitled "tackling the climate crisis at home and abroad," directing the secretary of the interior, to the extent consistent with applicable law and in consultation with other agencies and stakeholders, to, among other things, pause approval of new oil and natural gas leases on federal lands or in offshore waters pending completion of a comprehensive review and reconsideration of federal oil and gas permitting and leasing practices.
any such requirements, restrictions, conditions or prohibition could lead to operational delays and increased operating and compliance costs and, further, could delay or effectively prevent the development of crude oil and natural gas from formations which would not be economically viable without the use of hydraulic fracturing. accordingly, our production of crude oil and natural gas could be materially and adversely affected. for additional discussion regarding hydraulic fracturing regulation, see regulation of hydraulic fracturing and other operations - united states under item 1, business - regulation.
we will continue to monitor and assess any proposed or new policies, legislation, regulations and treaties in the areas where we operate to determine the impact on our operations and take appropriate actions, where necessary. we are unable to predict the timing, scope and effect of any currently proposed or future laws, regulations or treaties, but the direct and indirect costs of such laws, regulations and treaties (if enacted) could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. see also the risk factor below regarding the provisions of the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act with respect to regulation of derivatives transactions and entities (such as eog) that participate in such transactions.
regulations, government policies and government and corporate initiatives relating to greenhouse gas emissions and climate change could have a significant impact on our operations and we could incur significant cost in the future to comply.
local, state, federal and international regulatory bodies have been increasingly focused on ghg emissions and climate change issues in recent years. for example, we are subject to the u.s. epa's rule requiring annual reporting of ghg emissions. in addition, our oil and gas production and processing operations are subject to the u.s. epa's new source performance standards applicable to emissions of volatile organic compounds from new, modified and reconstructed crude oil and natural gas wells and equipment located at natural gas production gathering and booster stations and gas processing plants.
at the international level, in december 2015, the u.s. participated in the 21st conference of the parties of the united nations framework convention on climate change in paris, france. the paris agreement (adopted at the conference) calls for nations to undertake efforts with respect to global temperatures and ghg emissions. the paris agreement went into effect on november 4, 2016. while the u.s. withdrew from the paris agreement on november 4, 2020, president biden issued an executive order on january 20, 2021 recommitting the united states to the paris agreement. in addition, many state and local officials have stated their intent to intensify efforts to uphold the commitments set forth in the international accord. further, on january 27, 2021, president biden issued executive order 14008 entitled 'tackling the climate crisis at home and abroad,' directing the secretary of the interior, to the extent consistent with applicable law and in consultation with other agencies and stakeholders, to, among other things, consider whether to adjust royalties associated with oil and gas resources extracted from federal lands and offshore waters to account for corresponding climate costs.
it is possible that the paris agreement and subsequent domestic and international regulations and government policies will have adverse effects on the market for crude oil, natural gas and other fossil fuel products as well as adverse effects on the business and operations of companies engaged in the exploration for, and production of, crude oil, natural gas and other fossil fuel products. we are unable to predict the timing, scope and effect of any currently proposed or future investigations, laws, regulations, treaties or policies regarding climate change and ghg emissions (including any laws and regulations that may be enacted in the u.s. by the new administration), but the direct and indirect costs of such developments (if enacted, issued or applied) could materially and adversely affect our operations, financial condition and results of operations. further, the increasing attention to global climate change risks has created the potential for a greater likelihood of governmental investigations and private and public litigation, which could increase our costs or otherwise adversely affect our business. for additional discussion regarding climate change regulation, see (i) climate change - united states under item 1, business - regulation and (ii) the risk factor above with respect to the new u.s. administration.
in addition, the achievement of our current or future internal initiatives relating to the reduction of ghg emissions may increase our costs, including requiring us to purchase emissions credits or offsets, or may impact or otherwise limit our ability to execute on our business plans.
further, increasing attention to global climate change risks has created the potential for a greater likelihood of governmental investigations and private and public litigation, which could increase our costs or otherwise adversely affect our business.
tax laws and regulations applicable to crude oil and natural gas exploration and production companies may change over time, and such changes could materially and adversely affect our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition.
from time to time, legislation has been proposed that, if enacted into law, would make significant changes to u.s. federal income tax laws applicable to crude oil and natural gas exploration and production companies, such as with respect to the intangible drilling and development costs deduction and bonus tax depreciation. while these specific changes were not included in the tax cuts and jobs act signed into law in december 2017, no accurate prediction can be made as to whether any such legislative changes or similar or other tax law changes will be proposed in the future (for example, by the new u.s. administration) and, if enacted, what the specific provisions or the effective date of any such legislation would be. the elimination of certain u.s. federal income tax deductions, as well as any other changes to, or the imposition of new, federal, state, local or non-u.s. taxes (including the imposition of, or increases in, production, severance or similar taxes), could materially and adversely affect our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition.
in addition, legislation may be proposed with respect to the enactment of a tax levied on the carbon content of fuels based on the ghg emissions associated with such fuels. a carbon tax would generally increase the prices for crude oil, natural gas and ngls. such price increases may, in turn, reduce demand for crude oil, natural gas and ngls and materially and adversely affect our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition.
we are unable to predict the timing, scope and effect of any proposed or enacted tax law changes, but any such changes (if enacted) could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. we will continue to monitor and assess any proposed or enacted tax law changes to determine the impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition and take appropriate actions, where necessary.
federal legislation and related regulations regarding derivatives transactions could have a material and adverse impact on our hedging activities.
as discussed in the risk factor above regarding our hedging activities, we use derivative instruments to hedge the impact of fluctuations in crude oil, ngls and natural gas prices on our results of operations and cash flows. in 2010, congress adopted the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act (dodd-frank act), which, among other matters, provides for federal oversight of the over-the-counter derivatives market and entities that participate in that market and mandates that the commodity futures trading commission (cftc), the u.s. securities and exchange commission (sec) and certain federal agencies that regulate the banking and insurance sectors (the prudential regulators) adopt rules or regulations implementing the dodd-frank act and providing definitions of terms used in the dodd-frank act. the dodd-frank act establishes margin requirements and requires clearing and trade execution practices for certain categories of swaps and may result in certain market participants needing to curtail their derivatives activities. although some of the rules necessary to implement the dodd-frank act are yet to be adopted, the cftc, the sec and the prudential regulators have issued numerous rules, including a rule establishing an "end-user" exception to mandatory clearing (end-user exception), a rule regarding margin for uncleared swaps (margin rule) and a proposed rule imposing position limits (position limits rule).
we qualify as a "non-financial entity" for purposes of the end-user exception and, as such, we are eligible for such exception. as a result, our hedging activities are not subject to mandatory clearing or the margin requirements imposed in connection with mandatory clearing. we also qualify as a "non-financial end user" for purposes of the margin rule; therefore, our uncleared swaps are not subject to regulatory margin requirements. finally, we believe our hedging activities would constitute bona fide hedging under the position limits rule and would not be subject to limitation under such rule if it is enacted. however, many of our hedge counterparties and many other market participants are not eligible for the end-user exception, are subject to mandatory clearing and the margin rule for swaps with some or all of their other swap counterparties, and may be subject to the position limits rule. in addition, the european union and other non-u.s. jurisdictions have enacted laws and regulations related to derivatives (collectively, foreign regulations) which apply to our transactions with counterparties subject to such foreign regulations.
the dodd-frank act, the rules adopted thereunder and the foreign regulations could increase the cost of derivative contracts, alter the terms of derivative contracts, reduce the availability of derivatives to protect against the price risks we encounter, reduce our ability to monetize or restructure our existing derivative contracts, lessen the number of available counterparties and, in turn, increase our exposure to less creditworthy counterparties. if our use of derivatives is reduced as a result of the dodd-frank act, related regulations or the foreign regulations, our results of operations may become more volatile, and our cash flows may be less predictable, which could adversely affect our ability to plan for, and fund, our capital expenditure requirements. any of these consequences could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
risks related to covid-19, cybersecurity and other external factors outbreaks of communicable diseases can adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
global or national health concerns, including a widespread outbreak of contagious disease, can, among other impacts, negatively impact the global economy, reduce demand and pricing for crude oil, natural gas and ngls, lead to operational disruptions and limit our ability to execute on our business plan, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. furthermore, uncertainty regarding the impact of any outbreak of contagious disease could lead to increased volatility in crude oil, natural gas and ngl prices.
for example, the current pandemic involving a highly transmissible and pathogenic coronavirus (covid-19) and the measures being taken to address and limit the spread of the virus have adversely affected the economies and financial markets of the world, resulting in an economic downturn that has negatively impacted, and may continue to negatively impact, global demand and prices for crude oil, natural gas and ngls. in fact, the substantial declines in crude oil, natural gas and ngl prices that occurred in the first half of 2020 as a result of the economic downturn and overall reduction of demand prompted by the covid-19 pandemic (and the oversupply of crude oil from certain foreign oil-exporting countries) materially and adversely affected the amount of cash flows we had available for our 2020 capital expenditures and other operating expenses, our results of operations during the first half of 2020 and the trading price of our common stock.
while in the second half of 2020 the prices for natural gas and ngls recovered to pre-pandemic levels and the prices for crude oil increased from their first half 2020 levels, if such price declines were to reoccur and continue for an extended period of time, our cash flows and results of operations would be further adversely affected, as could the trading price of our common stock. for further discussion regarding the potential impacts on us of lower commodity prices and extended declines in commodity prices, see the related discussion in the first risk factor in this section.
further, if the covid-19 outbreak should continue or worsen, we may also experience disruptions to commodities markets, equipment supply chains and the availability of our workforce, which could materially and adversely affect our ability to conduct our business and operations. in addition, if the resulting economic downturn should continue or worsen, our customers and other contractual parties may be unable to pay amounts owed to us from time to time and to otherwise satisfy their contractual obligations to us, and may be unable to access the credit and capital markets for such purposes. such inability of our customers and other contractual counterparties may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
there are still too many variables and uncertainties regarding the covid-19 pandemic, including the duration and severity of the outbreak and the extent of travel restrictions and business closures imposed in affected countries, to fully assess the potential impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our business could be materially and adversely affected by security threats, including cybersecurity threats, and other disruptions.
as an oil and gas producer, we face various security threats, including (i) cybersecurity threats to gain unauthorized access to, or control of, our sensitive information or to render our data or systems corrupted or unusable; (ii) threats to the security of our facilities and infrastructure or to the security of third-party facilities and infrastructure, such as gathering, transportation, processing, fractionation, refining and export facilities; and (iii) threats from terrorist acts. the potential for such security threats has subjected our operations to increased risks that could have a material and adverse effect on our business.
we rely extensively on information technology systems, including internally developed software, data hosting platforms, real-time data acquisition systems, third-party software, cloud services and other internally or externally hosted hardware and software platforms, to (i) estimate our oil and gas reserves, (ii) process and record financial and operating data, (iii) process and analyze all stages of our business operations, including exploration, drilling, completions, production, transportation, pipelines and other related activities and (iv) communicate with our employees and vendors, suppliers and other third parties. although we have implemented and invested in, and will continue to implement and invest in, controls, procedures and protections (including internal and external personnel) that are designed to protect our systems, identify and remediate on a regular basis vulnerabilities in our systems and related infrastructure and monitor and mitigate the risk of data loss and other cybersecurity threats, such measures cannot entirely eliminate cybersecurity threats and the controls, procedures and protections we have implemented and invested in may prove to be ineffective.
our systems and networks, and those of our business associates, may become the target of cybersecurity attacks, including, without limitation, denial-of-service attacks; malicious software; data privacy breaches by employees, insiders or others with authorized access; cyber or phishing-attacks; ransomware; attempts to gain unauthorized access to our data and systems; and other electronic security breaches. if any of these security breaches were to occur, we could suffer disruptions to our normal operations, including our drilling, completion, production and corporate functions, which could materially and adversely affect us in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, the following:
•unauthorized access to, and release of, our business data, reserves information, strategic information or other sensitive or proprietary information, which could have a material and adverse effect on our ability to compete for oil and gas resources, or reduce our competitive advantage over other companies;
•data corruption, communication interruption, or other operational disruptions during our drilling activities, which could result in our failure to reach the intended target or a drilling incident;
•a cybersecurity attack on a vendor or service provider, which could result in supply chain disruptions and could delay or halt our operations;
•a cybersecurity attack on third-party gathering, transportation, processing, fractionation, refining or export facilities, which could result in reduced demand for our production or delay or prevent us from transporting and marketing our production, in either case resulting in a loss of revenues;
•a cybersecurity attack involving commodities exchanges or financial institutions could slow or halt commodities trading, thus preventing us from marketing our production or engaging in hedging activities, resulting in a loss of revenues;
•a cybersecurity attack on a communications network or power grid, which could cause operational disruptions resulting in a loss of revenues; and
•a cybersecurity attack on our automated and surveillance systems, which could cause a loss of production and potential environmental hazards.
further, strategic targets, such as energy-related assets, may be at a greater risk of terrorist attacks or cybersecurity attacks than other targets in the united states. moreover, external digital technologies control nearly all of the crude oil and natural gas distribution and refining systems in the u.s. and abroad, which are necessary to transport and market our production. a cybersecurity attack directed at, for example, crude oil and natural gas distribution systems could (i) damage critical distribution and storage assets or the environment; (ii) disrupt energy supplies and markets, by delaying or preventing delivery of production to markets; and (iii) make it difficult or impossible to accurately account for production and settle transactions.
any such terrorist attack or cybersecurity attack that affects us, our customers, suppliers, or others with whom we do business and/or energy-related assets could have a material adverse effect on our business, including disruption of our operations, damage to our reputation, a loss of counterparty trust, reimbursement or other costs, increased compliance costs, significant litigation exposure and legal liability or regulatory fines, penalties or intervention. although we have business continuity plans in place, our operations may be adversely affected by significant and widespread disruption to our systems and the infrastructure that supports our business. while we continue to evolve and modify our business continuity plans as well as our cyber threat detection and mitigation systems, there can be no assurance that they will be effective in avoiding disruption and business impacts. further, our insurance may not be adequate to compensate us for all resulting losses, and the cost to obtain adequate coverage may increase for us in the future and some insurance coverage may become more difficult to obtain, if available at all.
while we have experienced limited cybersecurity attacks in the past, we have not suffered any losses as a result of such attacks; however, there is no assurance that we will not suffer such losses in the future. further, as technologies evolve and cybersecurity threats become more sophisticated, we are continually expending additional resources to modify or enhance our security measures to protect against such threats and to identify and remediate on a regular basis any vulnerabilities in our information systems and related infrastructure that may be detected, and these expenditures in the future may be significant. additionally, the continuing and evolving threat of cybersecurity attacks has resulted in evolving legal and compliance matters, including increased regulatory focus on prevention, which could require us to expend significant additional resources to meet such requirements.
terrorist activities and military and other actions could materially and adversely affect us.
terrorist attacks and the threat of terrorist attacks (including cyber-related attacks), whether domestic or foreign, as well as military or other actions taken in response to these acts, could cause instability in the global financial and energy markets. the u.s. government has from time to time issued public warnings that indicate that energy-related assets, such as transportation and refining facilities, might be specific targets of terrorist organizations.
any such actions and the threat of such actions, including any resulting political instability or societal disruption, could materially and adversely affect us in unpredictable ways, including, but not limited to, the disruption of energy supplies and markets, the reduction of overall demand for crude oil and natural gas, increased volatility in crude oil and natural gas prices or the possibility that the facilities and other infrastructure on which we rely could be a direct target or an indirect casualty of an act of terrorism, and, in turn, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
demand for crude oil and natural gas is, to a degree, dependent on weather and climate, which impacts, among other things, the price we receive for the commodities that we produce and, in turn, our cash flows and results of operations. for example, relatively warm temperatures during a winter season generally result in relatively lower demand for natural gas (as less natural gas is used to heat residences and businesses) and, as a result, lower prices for natural gas production during that season.
in addition, there has been public discussion that climate change may be associated with more frequent or more extreme weather events, changes in temperature and precipitation patterns, changes to ground and surface water availability, and other related phenomena, which could affect some, or all, of our operations. our exploration, exploitation and development activities and equipment could be adversely affected by extreme weather events, such as winter storms, flooding and tropical storms and hurricanes in the gulf of mexico, which may cause a loss of production from temporary cessation of activity or damaged facilities and equipment. such extreme weather events could also impact other areas of our operations, including access to our drilling and production facilities for routine operations, maintenance and repairs, the installation and operation of gathering, processing, compression, storage, transportation and/or export facilities and the availability of, and our access to, necessary third-party services, such as gathering, processing, compression, storage and transportation services and export services.  such extreme weather events and changes in weather patterns may materially and adversely affect our business and, in turn, our financial condition and results of operations.
item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview eog resources, inc., together with its subsidiaries (collectively, eog), is one of the largest independent (non-integrated) crude oil and natural gas companies in the united states with proved reserves in the united states, trinidad and china.  eog operates under a consistent business and operational strategy that focuses predominantly on maximizing the rate of return on investment of capital by controlling operating and capital costs and maximizing reserve recoveries.  pursuant to this strategy, each prospective drilling location is evaluated by its estimated rate of return. this strategy is intended to enhance the generation of cash flow and earnings from each unit of production on a cost-effective basis, allowing eog to deliver long-term growth in shareholder value and maintain a strong balance sheet.  eog implements its strategy primarily by emphasizing the drilling of internally generated prospects in order to find and develop low-cost reserves.  maintaining the lowest possible operating cost structure, coupled with efficient and safe operations and robust environmental stewardship practices and performance, is integral in the implementation of eog's strategy.
recent developments commodity prices. the covid-19 pandemic and the measures being taken to address and limit the spread of the virus have adversely affected the economies and financial markets of the world, resulting in an economic downturn that has negatively impacted, and may continue to negatively impact, global demand and prices for crude oil and condensate, ngls and natural gas. see item 1a, risk factors for further discussion.
in early march 2020, due to the failure of the members of the organization of the petroleum exporting countries and russia (opec+) to reach an agreement on individual crude oil production limits, saudi arabia unilaterally reduced the sales price of its crude oil and announced that it would increase its crude oil production. the combination of these actions, and the effects of the covid-19 pandemic on crude oil demand, resulted in significantly lower commodity prices in march and april 2020. in april 2020, the members of opec+ reached an agreement to cut crude oil production beginning in may 2020 and extending through april 2022 with the quantity of the production cuts decreasing over time. subsequent indications of conformity with these agreed-upon production cuts by opec+, combined with the evolving impacts of covid-19 on crude oil demand, have resulted in gradually-improving market conditions. in the second half of 2020, crude oil prices increased, but remain significantly below average prices in 2019, as a result of the continuing rebalancing of crude oil supply resulting from the actions of opec+ and the continuing effect of the covid-19 pandemic on global demand. in addition, ngl and natural gas prices have recovered to pre-pandemic levels.
in response to the commodity price environment in 2020, eog reduced activity across its operating areas and decreased its total capital expenditures. eog also elected to reduce crude oil production, by delaying initial production from new wells and shutting-in or otherwise curtailing existing production.
in early 2021, the members of opec+ met and agreed to taper off certain of their production curtailments (agreed to in april 2020) through march 2021. subsequent to the meeting, saudi arabia announced that it would unilaterally cut its production by an additional one million barrels per day in february 2021 and march 2021. these announcements have had a positive impact on crude oil prices.
as a result of the many uncertainties associated with (i) the world economic environment, (ii) the covid-19 pandemic and its continuing effect on the economies and financial markets of the world and (iii) any future actions by the members of opec+, and the effect of these uncertainties on worldwide supplies of, and demand for, crude oil and condensate, ngls and natural gas, eog is unable to predict what changes may occur in crude oil and condensate, ngls and natural gas prices in the future. however, prices for crude oil and condensate, ngls and natural gas have historically been volatile, and this volatility is expected to continue. for related discussion, see item 1a, risk factors.
eog will continue to monitor future market conditions and adjust its capital allocation strategy and production outlook accordingly in order to maximize shareholder value while maintaining its strong financial position.
2020 election.  in november 2020, joseph r. biden jr. was elected president of the united states. on january 27, 2021, president biden issued executive order 14008 entitled "tackling the climate crisis at home and abroad," directing the secretary of the interior, to the extent consistent with applicable law and in consultation with other agencies and stakeholders, to (i) pause approval of new oil and natural gas leases on federal lands or in offshore waters pending completion of a comprehensive review and reconsideration of federal oil and gas permitting and leasing practices and (ii) consider whether to adjust royalties associated with oil and gas resources extracted from federal lands and offshore waters to account for corresponding climate costs. in addition, new or revised rules, regulations and policies may be issued, and new legislation may be proposed, during the current administration that could impact the oil and gas exploration and production industry. such rules, regulations, policies and legislation may affect, among other things, (i) permitting for oil and gas drilling on federal lands, (ii) the leasing of federal lands for oil and gas development, (iii) the regulation of greenhouse gas emissions and/or other climate change-related matters associated with oil and gas operations, (iv) the use of hydraulic fracturing on federal lands, (v) the calculation of royalty payments in respect of oil and gas production from federal lands and (vi) u.s. federal income tax laws applicable to oil and gas exploration and production companies. see "regulation" in item 1, business and item 1a, risk factors for further discussion.
eog will continue to monitor and assess any actions that could impact the oil and gas industry, to determine the impact on its business and operations, and take appropriate actions where necessary.
united states. eog's efforts to identify plays with large reserve potential have proven to be successful. eog continues to drill numerous wells in large acreage plays, which in the aggregate have contributed substantially to, and are expected to continue to contribute substantially to, eog's crude oil and condensate, ngls and natural gas production. eog has placed an emphasis on applying its horizontal drilling and completion expertise to unconventional crude oil and liquids-rich reservoirs.
during 2020, eog continued to focus on increasing drilling, completion and operating efficiencies gained in prior years. such efficiencies, combined with new innovation and decreased service costs, resulted in lower operating, drilling and completion costs in 2020. in addition, eog continued to evaluate certain potential crude oil and condensate, ngls and natural gas exploration and development prospects and to look for opportunities to add drilling inventory through leasehold acquisitions, farm-ins, exchanges or tactical acquisitions. on a volumetric basis, as calculated using a ratio of 1.0 barrel of crude oil and condensate or ngls to 6.0 thousand cubic feet of natural gas, crude oil and condensate and ngls production accounted for approximately 76% and 77% of united states production during 2020 and 2019, respectively. during 2020, drilling and completion activities occurred primarily in the delaware basin play, eagle ford play and rocky mountain area. eog's major producing areas in the united states are in new mexico and texas. in the second quarter of 2020, eog delayed initial production from most newly-completed wells and shut in some existing production. during the third quarter of 2020, eog resumed the process of initiating production from completed wells, and the legacy wells that were shut-in were largely brought back on-line. see item 1, business - exploration and production for further discussion.
trinidad. in trinidad, eog continues to deliver natural gas under existing supply contracts. several fields in the south east coast consortium block, modified u(a) block, block 4(a), modified u(b) block, the banyan field and the sercan area have been developed and are producing natural gas, which is sold to the national gas company of trinidad and tobago limited and its subsidiary, and crude oil and condensate which is sold to heritage petroleum company limited.
other international. in the sichuan basin, sichuan province, china, eog continues to work with its partner, petrochina, under the production sharing contract and other related agreements, to ensure uninterrupted production. all natural gas produced from the baijaochang field is sold under a long-term contract to petrochina.
in 2020, eog entered into two agreements related to exploration and production rights in the sultanate of oman (oman). one agreement resulted in eog acquiring exploration and production rights to block 36 within oman. the second agreement was a farm-in agreement allowing eog to share in exploration and production rights within block 49. pursuant to that agreement, eog participated in the drilling of one gross exploratory well which was in progress as of december 31, 2020.
in march 2020, eog began the process of exiting its canada operations.
eog continues to evaluate other select crude oil and natural gas opportunities outside the united states, primarily by pursuing exploitation opportunities in countries where indigenous crude oil and natural gas reserves have been identified.
capital structure one of management's key strategies is to maintain a strong balance sheet with a consistently below average debt-to-total capitalization ratio as compared to those in eog's peer group.  eog's debt-to-total capitalization ratio was 22% at december 31, 2020 and 19% at december 31, 2019.  as used in this calculation, total capitalization represents the sum of total current and long-term debt and total stockholders' equity.
on april 1, 2020, eog repaid upon maturity the $500 million aggregate principal amount of its 2.45% senior notes due 2020.
on april 14, 2020, eog closed on its offering of $750 million aggregate principal amount of its 4.375% senior notes due 2030 and $750 million aggregate principal amount of its 4.950% senior notes due 2050 (together, the notes). eog received net proceeds of $1.48 billion from the issuance of the notes, which were used to repay the 4.40% senior notes due 2020 when they matured on june 1, 2020 (see below), and for general corporate purposes, including the funding of capital expenditures.
on june 1, 2020, eog repaid upon maturity the $500 million aggregate principal amount of its 4.40% senior notes due 2020.
on february 1, 2021, eog repaid upon maturity the $750 million aggregate principal amount of its 4.100% senior notes due 2021.
during 2020, eog funded $4.0 billion ($386 million of which was non-cash) in exploration and development and other property, plant and equipment expenditures (excluding asset retirement obligations), repaid $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of long-term debt and paid $821 million in dividends to common stockholders, primarily by utilizing net cash provided from its operating activities, net proceeds of $1.48 billion from the issuance of the notes and net proceeds of $192 million from the sale of assets.
total anticipated 2021 capital expenditures are estimated to range from approximately $3.7 billion to $4.1 billion, excluding acquisitions and non-cash transactions. the majority of 2021 expenditures will be focused on united states crude oil drilling activities. eog has significant flexibility with respect to financing alternatives, including borrowings under its commercial paper program, bank borrowings, borrowings under its senior unsecured revolving credit facility, joint development agreements and similar agreements and equity and debt offerings.
management continues to believe eog has one of the strongest prospect inventories in eog's history. when it fits eog's strategy, eog will make acquisitions that bolster existing drilling programs or offer incremental exploration and/or production opportunities.
results of operations the following review of operations for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2020, should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements of eog and notes thereto beginning on page f-1.
operating revenues and other during 2020, operating revenues decreased $6,348 million, or 37%, to $11,032 million from $17,380 million in 2019. total wellhead revenues, which are revenues generated from sales of eog's production of crude oil and condensate, ngls and natural gas, decreased $4,291, or 37%, to $7,290 million in 2020 from $11,581 million in 2019. revenues from the sales of crude oil and condensate and ngls in 2020 were approximately 89% of total wellhead revenues compared to 90% in 2019. during 2020, eog recognized net gains on the mark-to-market of financial commodity derivative contracts of $1,145 million compared to net gains of $180 million in 2019. gathering, processing and marketing revenues decreased $2,777 million during 2020, to $2,583 million from $5,360 million in 2019. net losses on asset dispositions of $47 million in 2020 were primarily due to the sales of proved properties and non-cash property exchanges of unproved leasehold in texas and new mexico and the disposition of the marcellus shale assets compared to net gains on asset dispositions of $124 million in 2019.
united states                                                               408.1                      455.5                      394.8
united states                                                              $38.65                     $57.74                     $65.16
composite                                                                   38.63                      57.72                      65.21
united states                                                               136.0                      134.1                      116.1
united states                                                              $13.41                     $16.03                     $26.60
composite                                                                   13.41                      16.03                      26.60
united states                                                               1,040                      1,069                        923
united states                                                               $1.61                      $2.22                      $2.88
composite                                                                    1.83                       2.38                       2.92
united states                                                               717.5                      767.8                      664.7
(2)other international includes eog's united kingdom, china and canada operations. the united kingdom operations were sold in the fourth quarter of 2018.
(3)dollars per barrel or per thousand cubic feet, as applicable.  excludes the impact of financial commodity derivative instruments (see note 12 to consolidated financial statements).
2020 compared to 2019. wellhead crude oil and condensate revenues in 2020 decreased $3,827 million, or 40%, to $5,786 million from $9,613 million in 2019, due primarily to a lower composite average wellhead crude oil and condensate price ($2,860 million) and a decrease in production ($967 million). eog's composite wellhead crude oil and condensate price for 2020 decreased 33% to $38.63 per barrel compared to $57.72 per barrel in 2019. wellhead crude oil and condensate production in 2020 decreased 10% to 409 mbbld as compared to 456 mbbld in 2019. the decreased production was primarily in the eagle ford and the rocky mountain area, partially offset by increased production in the permian basin.
ngls revenues in 2020 decreased $116 million, or 15%, to $668 million from $784 million in 2019 primarily due to a lower composite average wellhead ngls price ($130 million), partially offset by an increase in production ($13 million). eog's composite average wellhead ngls price decreased 16% to $13.41 per barrel in 2020 compared to $16.03 per barrel in 2019. ngl production in 2020 increased 1% to 136 mbbld as compared to 134 mbbld in 2019. the increased production was primarily in the permian basin, partially offset by decreased production in the eagle ford.
wellhead natural gas revenues in 2020 decreased $347 million, or 29%, to $837 million from $1,184 million in 2019, primarily due to a lower composite wellhead natural gas price ($251 million) and a decrease in natural gas deliveries ($96 million). eog's composite average wellhead natural gas price decreased 23% to $1.83 per mcf in 2020 compared to $2.38 per mcf in 2019. natural gas deliveries in 2020 decreased 8% to 1,252 mmcfd as compared to 1,366 mmcfd in 2019. the decrease in production was primarily due to lower natural gas volumes in trinidad, the marcellus shale and the rocky mountain area, partially offset by increased production of associated natural gas from the permian basin.
during 2020, eog recognized net gains on the mark-to-market of financial commodity derivative contracts of $1,145 million, which included net cash received for settlements of crude oil, ngl and natural gas financial derivative contracts of $1,071 million. during 2019, eog recognized net gains on the mark-to-market of financial commodity derivative contracts of $180 million, which included net cash received for settlements of crude oil and natural gas financial derivative contracts of $231 million.
gathering, processing and marketing revenues are revenues generated from sales of third-party crude oil, ngls and natural gas, as well as fees associated with gathering third-party natural gas and revenues from sales of eog-owned sand. purchases and sales of third-party crude oil and natural gas may be utilized in order to balance firm transportation capacity with production in certain areas and to utilize excess capacity at eog-owned facilities. eog sells sand in order to balance the timing of firm purchase agreements with completion operations and to utilize excess capacity at eog-owned facilities. marketing costs represent the costs to purchase third-party crude oil, natural gas and sand and the associated transportation costs, as well as costs associated with eog-owned sand sold to third parties.
gathering, processing and marketing revenues less marketing costs in 2020 decreased $124 million compared to 2019, primarily due to lower margins on crude oil and condensate marketing activities. the margin on crude oil marketing activities in 2020 was negatively impacted by the price decline for crude oil in inventory awaiting delivery to customers and eog's decision early in the second quarter of 2020 to reduce commodity price volatility by selling may and june 2020 deliveries under fixed price arrangements.
2019 compared to 2018. wellhead crude oil and condensate revenues in 2019 increased $96 million, or 1%, to $9,613 million from $9,517 million in 2018, due primarily to an increase in production ($1,351 million); partially offset by a lower composite average wellhead crude oil and condensate price ($1,255 million). eog's composite wellhead crude oil and condensate price for 2019 decreased 11% to $57.72 per barrel compared to $65.21 per barrel in 2018. wellhead crude oil and condensate production in 2019 increased 14% to 456 mbbld as compared to 400 mbbld in 2018. the increased production was primarily in the permian basin and the eagle ford.
ngls revenues in 2019 decreased $343 million, or 30%, to $784 million from $1,127 million in 2018 primarily due to a lower composite average wellhead ngls price ($518 million), partially offset by an increase in production ($175 million). eog's composite average wellhead ngls price decreased 40% to $16.03 per barrel in 2019 compared to $26.60 per barrel in 2018. ngl production in 2019 increased 16% to 134 mbbld as compared to 116 mbbld in 2018. the increased production was primarily in the permian basin.
wellhead natural gas revenues in 2019 decreased $118 million, or 9%, to $1,184 million from $1,302 million in 2018, primarily due to a lower composite wellhead natural gas price ($280 million), partially offset by an increase in natural gas deliveries ($162 million). eog's composite average wellhead natural gas price decreased 18% to $2.38 per mcf in 2019 compared to $2.92 per mcf in 2018. natural gas deliveries in 2019 increased 12% to 1,366 mmcfd as compared to 1,219 mmcfd in 2018. the increase in production was primarily due to higher deliveries in the united states resulting from increased production of associated natural gas from the permian basin and higher natural gas volumes in south texas.
during 2019, eog recognized net gains on the mark-to-market of financial commodity derivative contracts of $180 million, which included net cash received for settlements of crude oil and natural gas financial derivative contracts of $231 million. during 2018, eog recognized net losses on the mark-to-market of financial commodity derivative contracts of $166 million, which included net cash paid for settlements of crude oil and natural gas financial derivative contracts of $259 million.
gathering, processing and marketing revenues less marketing costs in 2019 decreased $18 million compared to 2018, primarily due to lower margins on crude oil and condensate marketing activities, partially offset by higher margins on natural gas marketing activities.
the primary factors impacting the cost components of per-unit rates of lease and well, transportation costs, dd&a, g&a and net interest expense for 2020 compared to 2019 are set forth below.  see "operating revenues and other" above for a discussion of production volumes.
each of these categories of costs individually fluctuates from time to time as eog attempts to maintain and increase production while maintaining efficient, safe and environmentally responsible operations.  eog continues to increase its operating activities by drilling new wells in existing and new areas.  operating and maintenance costs within these existing and new areas, as well as the costs of services charged to eog by vendors, fluctuate over time.
lease and well expenses of $1,063 million in 2020 decreased $304 million from $1,367 million in 2019 primarily due to lower operating and maintenance costs in the united states ($157 million) and in canada ($25 million), lower workovers expenditures in the united states ($103 million) and lower lease and well administrative expenses in the united states ($12 million). lease and well expenses decreased in the united states primarily due to decreased operating activities resulting from decreased production, efficiency improvements and service cost reductions.
transportation costs represent costs associated with the delivery of hydrocarbon products from the lease or an aggregation point on eog's gathering system to a downstream point of sale.  transportation costs include transportation fees, the cost of compression (the cost of compressing natural gas to meet pipeline pressure requirements), the cost of dehydration (the cost associated with removing water from natural gas to meet pipeline requirements), gathering fees and fuel costs.
dd&a of the cost of proved oil and gas properties is calculated using the unit-of-production method.  eog's dd&a rate and expense are the composite of numerous individual dd&a group calculations.  there are several factors that can impact eog's composite dd&a rate and expense, such as field production profiles, drilling or acquisition of new wells, disposition of existing wells and reserve revisions (upward or downward) primarily related to well performance, economic factors and impairments.  changes to these factors may cause eog's composite dd&a rate and expense to fluctuate from period to period.  dd&a of the cost of other property, plant and equipment is generally calculated using the straight-line depreciation method over the useful lives of the assets.
dd&a expenses in 2020 decreased $350 million to $3,400 million from $3,750 million in 2019.  dd&a expenses associated with oil and gas properties in 2020 were $390 million lower than in 2019 primarily due to a decrease in production in the united states ($222 million) and trinidad ($22 million) and lower unit rates in the united states ($150 million). unit rates in the united states decreased primarily due to upward reserve revisions and reserves added at lower costs as a result of increased efficiencies. dd&a expenses associated with other property, plant and equipment in 2020 were $40 million higher than in 2019 primarily due to an increase in expense related to gathering and storage assets and equipment.
net interest expense of $205 million in 2020 was $20 million higher than 2019 primarily due to the issuance of the notes in april 2020 ($51 million) and lower capitalized interest ($7 million), partially offset by repayment in june 2019 of the $900 million aggregate principal amount of 5.625% senior notes due 2019 ($21 million), repayment in june 2020 of the $500 million aggregate principal amount of 4.40% senior notes due 2020 ($13 million) and repayment in april 2020 of the $500 million aggregate principal amount of 2.45% senior notes due 2020 ($10 million).
gathering and processing costs represent operating and maintenance expenses and administrative expenses associated with operating eog's gathering and processing assets as well as natural gas processing fees and certain ngls fractionation fees paid to third parties. eog pays third parties to process the majority of its natural gas production to extract ngls.
exploration costs of $146 million in 2020 increased $6 million from $140 million in 2019 primarily due to increased geological and geophysical expenditures in the united states ($15 million), partially offset by decreased general and administrative expenses in the united states ($8 million).
impairments include: amortization of unproved oil and gas property costs as well as impairments of proved oil and gas properties; other property, plant and equipment; and other assets.  unproved properties with acquisition costs that are not individually significant are aggregated, and the portion of such costs estimated to be nonproductive is amortized over the remaining lease term.  unproved properties with individually significant acquisition costs are reviewed individually for impairment. when circumstances indicate that a proved property may be impaired, eog compares expected undiscounted future cash flows at a dd&a group level to the unamortized capitalized cost of the asset.  if the expected undiscounted future cash flows, based on eog's estimates of (and assumptions regarding) future crude oil, ngls and natural gas prices, operating costs, development expenditures, anticipated production from proved reserves and other relevant data, are lower than the unamortized capitalized cost, the capitalized cost is reduced to fair value.  fair value is generally calculated by using the income approach described in the fair value measurement topic of the financial accounting standards board's accounting standards codification (asc).  in certain instances, eog utilizes accepted offers from third-party purchasers as the basis for determining fair value.
firm commitment contracts               60                     -
impairments of proved properties were primarily due to the write-down to fair value of legacy and non-core natural gas and crude oil and combo plays in 2020 and legacy natural gas assets in 2019.
taxes other than income in 2020 decreased $322 million to $478 million (6.6% of wellhead revenues) from $800 million (6.9% of wellhead revenues) in 2019. the decrease in taxes other than income was primarily due to decreased severance/production taxes in the united states ($232 million), decreased ad valorem/property taxes in the united states ($51 million) and a state severance tax refund ($27 million).
in response to the economic impacts of the covid-19 pandemic, the president of the united states signed the coronavirus aid, relief, and economic security act (the cares act) into law on march 27, 2020. the cares act provides economic support to individuals and businesses through enhanced loan programs, expanded unemployment benefits, and certain payroll and income tax relief, among other provisions.  the primary tax benefit of the cares act for eog was the acceleration of approximately $150 million of additional refundable alternative minimum tax (amt) credits into tax year 2019.  these credits originated from amt paid by eog in years prior to 2018 and were reflected as a deferred tax asset and a non-current receivable as of december 31, 2019 since they had been expected to either offset future current tax liabilities or be refunded on a declining balance schedule through 2021. the $150 million of additional refundable amt credits was received in july 2020.
further pandemic relief was contained in the consolidated appropriations act of 2021 (the ca act) which was signed into law by the president of the united states on december 27, 2020. in addition, the ca act provided government funding and limited corporate income tax relief primarily related to making permanent or extending certain tax provisions, none of which were a material benefit for eog.
eog recognized an income tax benefit of $135 million in 2020 compared to an income tax provision of $810 million in 2019, primarily due to decreased pretax income. the net effective tax rate for 2020 decreased to 18% from 23% in 2019. the lower effective tax rate is mostly due to taxes attributable to eog's foreign operations and increased stock-based compensation tax deficiencies.
the primary factors impacting the cost components of per-unit rates of lease and well, transportation costs, dd&a, g&a and net interest expense for 2019 compared to 2018 are set forth below.  see "operating revenues and other" above for a discussion of production volumes.
lease and well expenses of $1,367 million in 2019 increased $84 million from $1,283 million in 2018 primarily due to higher operating and maintenance costs ($76 million) and higher lease and well administrative expenses ($29 million) in the united states, partially offset by lower operating and maintenance costs in the united kingdom ($15 million) due to the sale of operations in the fourth quarter of 2018 and in canada ($11 million). lease and well expenses increased in the united states primarily due to increased operating activities resulting in increased production.
dd&a expenses in 2019 increased $315 million to $3,750 million from $3,435 million in 2018.  dd&a expenses associated with oil and gas properties in 2019 were $337 million higher than in 2018 primarily due to an increase in production in the united states ($489 million), partially offset by lower unit rates in the united states ($119 million) and the sale of the united kingdom operations in the fourth quarter of 2018 ($33 million). unit rates in the united states decreased primarily due to upward reserve revisions and reserves added at lower costs as a result of increased efficiencies.
net interest expense of $185 million in 2019 was $60 million lower than 2018 primarily due to repayment of the $900 million aggregate principal amount of 5.625% senior notes due 2019 in june 2019 ($30 million) and the $350 million aggregate principal amount of 6.875% senior notes due 2018 in october 2018 ($18 million) and an increase in capitalized interest ($14 million).
gathering and processing costs increased $42 million to $479 million in 2019 compared to $437 million in 2018 primarily due to increased operating costs and fees in the permian basin ($52 million), the rocky mountain area ($13 million) and south texas ($5 million); partially offset by decreased operating costs in the united kingdom ($33 million) due to the sale of operations in the fourth quarter of 2018.
exploration costs of $140 million in 2019 decreased $9 million from $149 million in 2018 primarily due to decreased geological and geophysical expenditures in the trinidad ($17 million), partially offset by increased general and administrative expenses in the united states ($7 million).
impairments of proved properties were primarily due to the write-down to fair value of legacy natural gas assets in 2019 and 2018.
taxes other than income in 2019 increased $28 million to $800 million (6.9% of wellhead revenues) from $772 million (6.5% of wellhead revenues) in 2018. the increase in taxes other than income was primarily due to an increase in ad valorem/property taxes ($53 million), partially offset by an increase in credits available to eog in 2019 for state incentive severance tax rate reductions ($12 million) and a decrease in severance/production taxes ($12 million) primarily as a result of decreased wellhead revenues, all in the united states.
eog recognized an income tax provision of $810 million in 2019 compared to an income tax provision of $822 million in 2018, primarily due to decreased pretax income, partially offset by the absence of tax benefits from certain tax reform measurement-period adjustments. the net effective tax rate for 2019 increased to 23% from 19% in the prior year, primarily due to the absence of tax benefits from certain tax reform measurement-period adjustments.
capital resources and liquidity cash flow the primary sources of cash for eog during the three-year period ended december 31, 2020, were funds generated from operations, net proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt, net cash received from settlements of commodity derivative contracts and proceeds from asset sales.  the primary uses of cash were funds used in operations; exploration and development expenditures; repayments of debt; dividend payments to stockholders and other property, plant and equipment expenditures.
2020 compared to 2019.  net cash provided by operating activities of $5,008 million in 2020 decreased $3,155 million from $8,163 million in 2019 primarily due to a decrease in wellhead revenues ($4,291 million); unfavorable changes in working capital and other assets and liabilities ($166 million); a decrease in gathering, processing and marketing revenues less marketing costs ($124 million) and an increase in net cash paid for income taxes ($86 million); partially offset by an increase in cash received for settlements of commodity derivative contracts ($840 million) and a decrease in cash operating expenses ($641 million).
net cash used in investing activities of $3,348 million in 2020 decreased by $2,829 million from $6,177 million in 2019 primarily due to a decrease in additions to oil and gas properties ($2,908 million); an increase in proceeds from the sale of assets ($52 million); a decrease in additions to other property, plant and equipment ($49 million); and a decrease in other investing activities ($10 million); partially offset by an unfavorable change in working capital associated with investing activities ($190 million).
net cash used in financing activities of $359 million in 2020 included repayments of long-term debt ($1,000 million), cash dividend payments ($821 million), repayment of finance lease liabilities ($19 million) and purchases of treasury stock in connection with stock compensation plans ($16 million). cash provided by financing activities in 2020 included long-term debt borrowings ($1,484 million) and proceeds from stock options exercised and employee stock purchase plan activity ($16 million).
2019 compared to 2018.  net cash provided by operating activities of $8,163 million in 2019 increased $394 million from $7,769 million in 2018 primarily reflecting an increase in cash received for settlements of commodity derivative contracts ($490 million), a decrease in net cash paid for income taxes ($367 million) and favorable changes in working capital and other assets and liabilities ($122 million); partially offset by a decrease in wellhead revenues ($365 million) and an increase in cash operating expenses ($202 million).
net cash used in investing activities of $6,177 million in 2019 increased by $7 million from $6,170 million in 2018 primarily due to an increase in additions to oil and gas properties ($313 million), a decrease in proceeds from the sale of assets ($87 million) and an increase in additions to other property, plant and equipment ($33 million); partially offset by favorable changes in working capital associated with investing activities ($416 million) and a decrease in other investing activities ($10 million).
net cash used in financing activities of $1,513 million in 2019 included repayments of long-term debt ($900 million), cash dividend payments ($588 million) and purchases of treasury stock in connection with stock compensation plans ($25 million). cash provided by financing activities in 2019 included proceeds from stock options exercised and employee stock purchase plan activity ($18 million).
total expenditures the table below sets out components of total expenditures for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018 (in millions):
expenditure category capital exploration and development drilling                     $2,664                  $4,951                  $4,935
facilities                                                  347                     629                     625
leasehold acquisitions (1)                                  265                     276                     488
property acquisitions (2)                                   135                     380                     124
capitalized interest                                         31                      38                      24
exploration and development expenditures                  3,601                   6,442                   6,350
total exploration and development expenditures            3,718                   6,628                   6,420
total expenditures                                       $4,113                  $6,900                  $6,706
(1)leasehold acquisitions included $197 million, $98 million and $291 million related to non-cash property exchanges in 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
(2)property acquisitions included $15 million, $52 million and $71 million related to non-cash property exchanges in 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
(3)other property, plant and equipment included non-cash additions of $174 million, primarily related to finance lease transactions for storage facilities, and $49 million, primarily related to a finance lease transaction in the permian basin, in 2020 and 2018, respectively.
exploration and development expenditures of $3,601 million for 2020 were $2,841 million lower than the prior year. the decrease was primarily due to decreased exploration and development drilling expenditures in the united states ($2,309 million), decreased facilities expenditures ($282 million) and decreased property acquisitions ($245 million), partially offset by increased exploration and development drilling expenditures in trinidad ($27 million). the 2020 exploration and development expenditures of $3,601 million included $2,905 million in development drilling and facilities, $530 million in exploration, $135 million in property acquisitions and $31 million in capitalized interest. the 2019 exploration and development expenditures of $6,442 million included $5,513 million in development drilling and facilities, $511 million in exploration, $380 million in property acquisitions and $38 million in capitalized interest. the 2018 exploration and development expenditures of $6,350 million included $5,546 million in development drilling and facilities, $656 million in exploration, $124 million in property acquisitions and $24 million in capitalized interest.
the level of exploration and development expenditures, including acquisitions, will vary in future periods depending on energy market conditions and other economic factors.  eog believes it has significant flexibility and availability with respect to financing alternatives and the ability to adjust its exploration and development expenditure budget as circumstances warrant.  while eog has certain continuing commitments associated with expenditure plans related to its operations, such commitments are not expected to be material when considered in relation to the total financial capacity of eog.
commodity derivative transactions crude oil derivative contracts. prices received by eog for its crude oil production generally vary from u.s. new york mercantile exchange (nymex) west texas intermediate (wti) prices due to adjustments for delivery location (basis) and other factors. eog has entered into crude oil basis swap contracts in order to fix the differential between intercontinental exchange (ice) brent pricing and pricing in cushing, oklahoma (ice brent differential). presented below is a comprehensive summary of eog's ice brent differential basis swap contracts through february 18, 2021. the weighted average price differential expressed in $/bbl represents the amount of addition to cushing, oklahoma, prices for the notional volumes expressed in bbld covered by the basis swap contracts.
eog has also entered into crude oil basis swap contracts in order to fix the differential between pricing in houston, texas, and cushing, oklahoma (houston differential). presented below is a comprehensive summary of eog's houston differential basis swap contracts through february 18, 2021. the weighted average price differential expressed in $/bbl represents the amount of addition to cushing, oklahoma, prices for the notional volumes expressed in bbld covered by the basis swap contracts.
eog has also entered into crude oil swaps in order to fix the differential in pricing between the nymex calendar month average and the physical crude oil delivery month (roll differential). presented below is a comprehensive summary of eog's roll differential basis swap contracts through february 18, 2021. the weighted average price differential expressed in $/bbl represents the amount of net addition (reduction) to delivery month prices for the notional volumes expressed in bbld covered by the swap contracts.
in may 2020, eog entered into crude oil roll differential basis swap contracts for the period from july 1, 2020 through september 30, 2020, with notional volumes of 22,000 bbld at a weighted average price differential of $(0.43) per bbl, and for the period from october 1, 2020 through december 31, 2020, with notional volumes of 44,000 bbld at a weighted average price differential of $(0.73) per bbl. these contracts partially offset certain outstanding roll differential basis swap contracts for the same time periods and volumes at a weighted average price differential of $(1.16) per bbl. eog paid net cash of $3.2 million for the settlement of these contracts. the offsetting contracts were excluded from the above table.
presented below is a comprehensive summary of eog's crude oil nymex wti price swap contracts through february 18, 2021, with notional volumes expressed in bbld and prices expressed in $/bbl.
in april and may 2020, eog entered into crude oil nymex wti price swap contracts for the period from june 1, 2020 through june 30, 2020, with notional volumes of 265,000 bbld at a weighted average price of $33.80 per bbl, for the period from july 1, 2020 through july 31, 2020, with notional volumes of 254,000 bbld at a weighted average price of $33.75 per bbl, for the period from august 1, 2020 through september 30, 2020, with notional volumes of 154,000 bbld at a weighted average price of $34.18 per bbl and for the period from october 1, 2020 through december 31, 2020, with notional volumes of 47,000 bbld at a weighted average price of $30.04 per bbl. these contracts offset the remaining crude oil nymex wti price swap contracts for the same time periods and volumes at a weighted average price of $51.36 per bbl for the period from june 1, 2020 through june 30, 2020, $42.36 per bbl for the period from july 1, 2020 through july 31, 2020, $50.42 per bbl for the period from august 1, 2020 through september 30, 2020 and $31.00 per bbl for the period from october 1, 2020 through december 31, 2020. eog received net cash of $364.0 million for the settlement of these contracts. the offsetting contracts were excluded from the above table.
presented below is a comprehensive summary of eog's crude oil ice brent price swap contracts through february 18, 2021, with notional volumes expressed in bbld and prices expressed in $/bbl.
ngls derivative contracts. presented below is a comprehensive summary of eog's mont belvieu propane (non-tet) price swap contracts through february 18, 2021, with notional volumes expressed in bbld and prices expressed in $/bbl.
in april and may 2020, eog entered into mont belvieu propane price swap contracts for the period from may 1, 2020 through december 31, 2020, with notional volumes of 25,000 bbld at a weighted average price of $16.41 per bbl. these contracts offset the remaining mont belvieu propane price swap contracts for the same time period with notional volumes of 25,000 bbld at a weighted average price of $17.92 per bbl. eog received net cash of $9.2 million for the settlement of these contracts. the offsetting contracts were excluded from the above table.
natural gas derivative contracts. presented below is a comprehensive summary of eog's natural gas nymex henry hub price swap contracts through february 18, 2021, with notional volumes sold (purchased) expressed in million british thermal units (mmbtu) per day (mmbtud) and prices expressed in dollars per mmbtu ($/mmbtu). in january 2021, eog executed the early termination provision granting eog the right to terminate certain 2022 natural gas nymex henry hub price swap contracts with notional volumes of 20,000 mmbtud at a weighted average price of $2.75 per mmbtu for the period from january 1, 2022 through december 31, 2022. eog received net cash of $0.6 million for the settlement of these contracts.
in december 2020 and january 2021, eog entered into natural gas nymex henry hub price swap contracts for the period from january 1, 2021 through march 31, 2021, with notional volumes of 500,000 mmbtud at a weighted average price of $2.43 per mmbtu and for the period from april 1, 2021 through december 31, 2021, with notional volumes of 500,000 mmbtud at a weighted average price of $2.83 per mmbtu. these contracts offset the remaining natural gas nymex henry hub price swap contracts for the same time periods with notional volumes of 500,000 mmbtud at a weighted average price of $2.99 per mmbtu. eog received net cash of $16.5 million through february 18, 2021, for the settlement of certain of these contracts, and expects to receive net cash of $30.3 million during the remainder of 2021 for the settlement of the remaining contracts. the offsetting contracts were excluded from the above table.
presented below is a comprehensive summary of eog's natural gas japan korea marker (jkm) price swap contracts through february 18, 2021, with notional volumes expressed in mmbtud and prices expressed in $/mmbtu.
eog has entered into natural gas collar contracts, which establish ceiling and floor prices for the sale of notional volumes of natural gas as specified in the collar contracts. the collars require that eog pay the difference between the ceiling price and the henry hub index price in the event the henry hub index price is above the ceiling price. the collars grant eog the right to receive the difference between the floor price and the henry hub index price in the event the henry hub index price is below the floor price. in march 2020, eog executed the early termination provision granting eog the right to terminate certain 2020 natural gas collar contracts with notional volumes of 250,000 mmbtud at a weighted average ceiling price of $2.50 per mmbtu and a weighted average floor price of $2.00 per mmbtu for the period from april 1, 2020 through july 31, 2020. eog received net cash of $7.8 million for the settlement of these contracts. presented below is a comprehensive summary of eog's natural gas collar contracts through february 18, 2021, with notional volumes expressed in mmbtud and prices expressed in $/mmbtu.
in april 2020, eog entered into natural gas collar contracts for the period from august 1, 2020 through october 31, 2020, with notional volumes of 250,000 mmbtud at a ceiling price of $2.50 per mmbtu and a floor price of $2.00 per mmbtu. these contracts offset the remaining natural gas collar contracts for the same time period with notional volumes of 250,000 mmbtud at a ceiling price of $2.50 per mmbtu and a floor price of $2.00 per mmbtu. eog received net cash of $1.1 million for the settlement of these contracts. the offsetting contracts were excluded from the above table.
prices received by eog for its natural gas production generally vary from nymex henry hub prices due to adjustments for delivery location (basis) and other factors. eog has entered into natural gas basis swap contracts in order to fix the differential between pricing in the rocky mountain area and nymex henry hub prices (rockies differential). presented below is a comprehensive summary of eog's rockies differential basis swap contracts through february 18, 2021. the weighted average price differential expressed in $/mmbtu represents the amount of reduction to nymex henry hub prices for the notional volumes expressed in mmbtud covered by the basis swap contracts.
eog has also entered into natural gas basis swap contracts in order to fix the differential between pricing at the houston ship channel (hsc) and nymex henry hub prices (hsc differential). in march 2020, eog executed the early termination provision granting eog the right to terminate certain 2020 hsc differential basis swaps with notional volumes of 60,000 mmbtud at a weighted average price differential of $0.05 per mmbtu for the period from april 1, 2020 through december 31, 2020. eog paid net cash of $0.4 million for the settlement of these contracts. presented below is a comprehensive summary of eog's hsc differential basis swap contracts through february 18, 2021. the weighted average price differential expressed in $/mmbtu represents the amount of reduction to nymex henry hub prices for the notional volumes expressed in mmbtud covered by the basis swap contracts.
in april 2020, eog entered into waha differential basis swap contracts for the period from may 1, 2020 through december 31, 2020, with notional volumes of 50,000 mmbtud at a weighted average price differential of $0.43 per mmbtu. these contracts offset the remaining waha differential basis swap contracts for the same time period with notional volumes of 50,000 mmbtud at a weighted average price differential of $1.40 per mmbtu. eog paid net cash of $11.9 million for the settlement of these contracts. the offsetting contracts were excluded from the above table.
financing eog's debt-to-total capitalization ratio was 22% at december 31, 2020, compared to 19% at december 31, 2019.  as used in this calculation, total capitalization represents the sum of total current and long-term debt and total stockholders' equity.
during 2020, eog funded its capital program and operations primarily by utilizing cash provided by operating activities, issuance of the notes and proceeds from asset sales.  while eog maintains a $2.0 billion revolving credit facility to back its commercial paper program, there were no borrowings outstanding at any time during 2020 and the amount outstanding at year-end was zero.  eog considers the availability of its $2.0 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility, as described in note 2 to consolidated financial statements, to be sufficient to meet its ongoing operating needs.
transportation and storage service commitments (3)                    6,665                      964                   1,830                      1,296                          2,575
(1)this table does not include the liability for unrecognized tax benefits, eog's pension or postretirement benefit obligations or liability for dismantlement, abandonment and asset retirement obligations (see notes 6, 7 and 15, respectively, to consolidated financial statements). these amounts are excluded because they are subject to estimates and the timing of settlement is unknown.
(2)for more information on contracts that meet the definition of a lease under asu 2016-02, see note 18 to consolidated financial statements.
(3)amounts exclude transportation and storage service commitments that meet the definition of a lease. amounts shown are based on current transportation and storage rates and the foreign currency exchange rates used to convert canadian dollars into united states dollars at december 31, 2020.  management does not believe that any future changes in these rates before the expiration dates of these commitments will have a material adverse effect on the financial condition or results of operations of eog.
off-balance sheet arrangements eog does not participate in financial transactions that generate relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships.  such entities or partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities (vie) or special purpose entities (spe), are generally established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other limited purposes. eog was not involved in any unconsolidated vie or spe financial transactions or any other "off-balance sheet arrangement" (as defined in item 303(a)(4)(ii) of regulation s-k) during any of the periods covered by this report and currently has no intention of participating in any such transaction or arrangement in the foreseeable future.
foreign currency exchange rate risk during 2020, eog was exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk inherent in its operations in foreign countries, including trinidad, china and canada.  eog continues to monitor the foreign currency exchange rates of countries in which it is currently conducting business and may implement measures to protect against foreign currency exchange rate risk.
outlook pricing.  crude oil, ngls and natural gas prices have been volatile, and this volatility is expected to continue.  as a result of the many uncertainties associated with the world political environment, worldwide supplies of, and demand for, crude oil and condensate, ngls and natural gas, the availabilities of other worldwide energy supplies and the relative competitive relationships of the various energy sources in the view of consumers, eog is unable to predict what changes may occur in crude oil and condensate, ngls, natural gas, ammonia and methanol prices in the future.  the market price of crude oil and condensate, ngls and natural gas in 2021 will impact the amount of cash generated from eog's operating activities, which will in turn impact eog's financial position. as of february 18, 2021, the average 2021 nymex crude oil and natural gas prices were $57.51 per barrel and $2.98 per mmbtu, respectively, representing an increase of 46% for crude oil and an increase of 43% for natural gas from the average nymex prices in 2020. see item 1a, risk factors.
including the impact of eog's crude oil and ngl derivative contracts (exclusive of basis swaps) and based on eog's tax position, eog's price sensitivity in 2021 for each $1.00 per barrel increase or decrease in wellhead crude oil and condensate price, combined with the estimated change in ngl price, is approximately $99 million for net income and $127 million for pretax cash flows from operating activities.  including the impact of eog's natural gas derivative contracts and based on eog's tax position and the portion of eog's anticipated natural gas volumes for 2021 for which prices have not been determined under long-term marketing contracts, eog's price sensitivity for each $0.10 per mcf increase or decrease in wellhead natural gas price is approximately $31 million for net income and $40 million for pretax cash flows from operating activities.  for information regarding eog's crude oil, ngls and natural gas financial commodity derivative contracts through february 18, 2021, see "commodity derivative transactions" above.
capital. eog plans to continue to focus a substantial portion of its exploration and development expenditures in its major producing areas in the united states. in particular, eog will be focused on united states crude oil drilling activity in its delaware basin, eagle ford and rocky mountain area where it generates its highest rates-of-return. to further enhance the economics of these plays, eog expects to continue to improve well performance and lower drilling and completion costs through efficiency gains and lower service costs. in addition, eog expects to spend a portion of its anticipated 2021 capital expenditures on leasing acreage and evaluating new prospects.
the total anticipated 2021 capital expenditures of approximately $3.7 billion to $4.1 billion, excluding acquisitions and non-cash transactions, is structured to maintain eog's strategy of capital discipline by funding its exploration, development and exploitation activities primarily from available internally generated cash flows and cash on hand. eog has significant flexibility with respect to financing alternatives, including borrowings under its commercial paper program, bank borrowings, borrowings under its $2.0 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility and equity and debt offerings.
summary of critical accounting policies eog prepares its financial statements and the accompanying notes in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states, which require management to make estimates and assumptions about future events that affect the reported amounts in the financial statements and the accompanying notes.  eog identifies certain accounting policies as critical based on, among other things, their impact on eog's financial condition, results of operations or liquidity, and the degree of difficulty, subjectivity and complexity in their application.  critical accounting policies cover accounting matters that are inherently uncertain because the future resolution of such matters is unknown.  management routinely discusses the development, selection and disclosure of each of the critical accounting policies.  following is a discussion of eog's most critical accounting policies:
proved oil and gas reserves eog's engineers estimate proved oil and gas reserves in accordance with united states securities and exchange commission (sec) regulations, which directly impact financial accounting estimates, including depreciation, depletion and amortization and impairments of proved properties and related assets.  proved reserves represent estimated quantities of crude oil and condensate, ngls and natural gas that geological and engineering data demonstrate, with reasonable certainty, to be recoverable in future years from known reservoirs under economic and operating conditions existing at the time the estimates were made.  the process of estimating quantities of proved oil and gas reserves is complex, requiring significant subjective decisions in the evaluation of available geological, engineering and economic data for each reservoir.  the data for a given reservoir may also change substantially over time as a result of numerous factors including, but not limited to, additional development activity, evolving production history and continual reassessment of the viability of production under varying economic conditions.  consequently, material revisions (upward or downward) to existing reserve estimates may occur from time to time.  for related discussion, see item 1a, risk factors, and "supplemental information to consolidated financial statements."
oil and gas exploration and development costs eog accounts for its crude oil and natural gas exploration and production activities under the successful efforts method of accounting.  oil and gas exploration costs, other than the costs of drilling exploratory wells, are expensed as incurred.  the costs of drilling exploratory wells are capitalized pending determination of whether eog has discovered commercial quantities of proved reserves.  if commercial quantities of proved reserves are not discovered, such drilling costs are expensed.  in some circumstances, it may be uncertain whether commercial quantities of proved reserves have been discovered when drilling has been completed.  such exploratory well drilling costs may continue to be capitalized if the estimated reserve quantity is sufficient to justify its completion as a producing well and sufficient progress in assessing the reserves and the economic and operating viability of the project is being made.  costs to develop proved reserves, including the costs of all development wells and related equipment used in the production of crude oil and natural gas, are capitalized.
depreciation, depletion and amortization for oil and gas properties the quantities of estimated proved oil and gas reserves are a significant component of eog's calculation of depreciation, depletion and amortization expense, and revisions in such estimates may alter the rate of future expense. holding all other factors constant, if reserves are revised upward or downward, earnings will increase or decrease, respectively.
depreciation, depletion and amortization of the cost of proved oil and gas properties is calculated using the unit-of-production method.  the reserve base used to calculate depreciation, depletion and amortization for leasehold acquisition costs and the cost to acquire proved properties is the sum of proved developed reserves and proved undeveloped reserves.  with respect to lease and well equipment costs, which include development costs and successful exploration drilling costs, the reserve base includes only proved developed reserves.  estimated future dismantlement, restoration and abandonment costs, net of salvage values, are taken into account.
oil and gas properties are grouped in accordance with the provisions of the extractive industries - oil and gas topic of the asc.  the basis for grouping is a reasonable aggregation of properties with a common geological structural feature or stratigraphic condition, such as a reservoir or field.
depreciation, depletion and amortization rates are updated quarterly to reflect the addition of capital costs, reserve revisions (upwards or downwards) and additions, property acquisitions and/or property dispositions and impairments.
impairments oil and gas lease acquisition costs are capitalized when incurred.  unproved properties with acquisition costs that are not individually significant are aggregated, and the portion of such costs estimated to be nonproductive is amortized over the remaining lease term.  unproved properties with individually significant acquisition costs are reviewed individually for impairment. if the unproved properties are determined to be productive, the appropriate related costs are transferred to proved oil and gas properties.  lease rentals are expensed as incurred.
when circumstances indicate that proved oil and gas properties may be impaired, eog compares expected undiscounted future cash flows at a depreciation, depletion and amortization group level to the unamortized capitalized cost of the asset.  if the expected undiscounted future cash flows, based on eog's estimates of (and assumptions regarding) future crude oil and natural gas prices, operating costs, development expenditures, anticipated production from proved reserves and other relevant data, are lower than the unamortized capitalized cost, the capitalized cost is reduced to fair value.  fair value is generally calculated using the income approach described in the fair value measurement topic of the asc.  in certain instances, eog utilizes accepted offers from third-party purchasers as the basis for determining fair value.  estimates of undiscounted future cash flows require significant judgment, and the assumptions used in preparing such estimates are inherently uncertain. in addition, such assumptions and estimates are reasonably likely to change in the future.
crude oil, ngls and natural gas prices have exhibited significant volatility in the past, and eog expects that volatility to continue in the future.  during the five years ended december 31, 2020, wti crude oil spot prices have fluctuated from approximately $(36.98) per barrel to $77.41 per barrel, and henry hub natural gas spot prices have ranged from approximately $1.33 per mmbtu to $6.24 per mmbtu.  market prices for ngls are influenced by the components extracted, including ethane, propane, butane and natural gasoline, among others, and the respective market pricing for each component.
eog uses the five-year nymex futures strip for wti crude oil and henry hub natural gas and the five-year oil price information services futures strip for ngls components (in each case as of the applicable balance sheet date) as a basis to estimate future crude oil, ngls and natural gas prices. eog's proved reserves estimates, including the timing of future production, are also subject to significant assumptions and judgment, and are frequently revised (upwards and downwards) as more information becomes available.  proved reserves are estimated using a trailing 12-month average price, in accordance with sec rules. in the future, if any combination of crude oil prices, ngls prices, natural gas prices, actual production or operating costs diverge negatively from eog's current estimates, impairment charges and downward adjustments to our estimated proved reserves may be necessary.
income taxes income taxes are accounted for using the asset and liability approach.  under this approach, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on anticipated future tax consequences attributable to differences between financial statement carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis.  eog assesses the realizability of deferred tax assets and recognizes valuation allowances as appropriate.  significant assumptions used in estimating future taxable income include future crude oil, ngls and natural gas prices and levels of capital reinvestment.  changes in such assumptions or changes in tax laws and regulations could materially affect the recognized amounts of valuation allowances.
stock-based compensation in accounting for stock-based compensation, judgments and estimates are made regarding, among other things, the appropriate valuation methodology to follow in valuing stock compensation awards and the related inputs required by those valuation methodologies. assumptions regarding expected volatility of eog's common stock, the level of risk-free interest rates, expected dividend yields on eog's common stock, the expected term of the awards, expected volatility in the price of shares and composition of eog's peer companies and other valuation inputs are subject to change. any such changes could result in different valuations and thus impact the amount of stock-based compensation expense recognized on the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income.
information regarding forward-looking statements this annual report on form 10-k includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933, as amended, and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended. all statements, other than statements of historical facts, including, among others, statements and projections regarding eog's future financial position, operations, performance, business strategy, goals, returns and rates of return, budgets, reserves, levels of production, capital expenditures, costs and asset sales, statements regarding future commodity prices and statements regarding the plans and objectives of eog's management for future operations, are forward‐looking statements. eog typically uses words such as "expect," "anticipate," "estimate," "project," "strategy," "intend," "plan," "target," "aims," "goal," "may," "will," "focused on," "should" and "believe" or the negative of those terms or other variations or comparable terminology to identify its forward‐looking statements. in particular, statements, express or implied, concerning eog's future operating results and returns or eog's ability to replace or increase reserves, increase production, generate returns and rates of return, replace or increase drilling locations, reduce or otherwise control operating costs and capital expenditures, generate cash flows, pay down or refinance indebtedness, or pay and/or increase dividends are forward‐looking statements. forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance. although eog believes the expectations reflected in its forward-looking statements are reasonable and are based on reasonable assumptions, no assurance can be given that these assumptions are accurate or that any of these expectations will be achieved (in full or at all) or will prove to have been correct. moreover, eog's forward-looking statements may be affected by known, unknown or currently unforeseen risks, events or circumstances that may be outside eog's control. important factors that could cause eog's actual results to differ materially from the expectations reflected in eog's forward-looking statements include, among others:
•the timing, extent and duration of changes in prices for, supplies of, and demand for, crude oil and condensate, natural gas liquids, natural gas and related commodities;
•the extent to which eog is successful in its efforts to acquire or discover additional reserves;
•the extent to which eog is successful in its efforts to (i) economically develop its acreage in, (ii) produce reserves and achieve anticipated production levels and rates of return from, (iii) decrease or otherwise control its drilling, completion, operating and capital costs related to, and (iv) maximize reserve recovery from, its existing and future crude oil and natural gas exploration and development projects and associated potential and existing drilling locations;
•the extent to which eog is successful in its efforts to market its production of crude oil and condensate, natural gas liquids, and natural gas;
•security threats, including cybersecurity threats and disruptions to our business and operations from breaches of our information technology systems, physical breaches of our facilities and other infrastructure or breaches of the information technology systems, facilities and infrastructure of third parties with which we transact business;
•the availability, proximity and capacity of, and costs associated with, appropriate gathering, processing, compression, storage, transportation, refining, and export facilities;
•the availability, cost, terms and timing of issuance or execution of, and competition for, mineral licenses and leases and governmental and other permits and rights-of-way, and eog's ability to retain mineral licenses and leases;
•the impact of, and changes in, government policies, laws and regulations, including any changes or other actions which may result from the recent u.s. elections and change in u.s. administration and including tax laws and regulations; climate change and other environmental, health and safety laws and regulations relating to air emissions, disposal of produced water, drilling fluids and other wastes, hydraulic fracturing and access to and use of water; laws and regulations affecting the leasing of acreage and permitting for oil and gas drilling and the calculation of royalty payments in respect of oil and gas production; laws and regulations imposing additional permitting and disclosure requirements, additional operating restrictions and conditions or restrictions on drilling and completion operations and on the transportation of crude oil and natural gas; laws and regulations with respect to derivatives and hedging activities; and laws and regulations with respect to the import and export of crude oil, natural gas and related commodities;
•eog's ability to effectively integrate acquired crude oil and natural gas properties into its operations, fully identify existing and potential problems with respect to such properties and accurately estimate reserves, production and drilling, completing and operating costs with respect to such properties;
•competition in the oil and gas exploration and production industry for the acquisition of licenses, leases and properties, employees and other personnel, facilities, equipment, materials and services;
•the availability and cost of employees and other personnel, facilities, equipment, materials (such as water and tubulars) and services;
•weather, including its impact on crude oil and natural gas demand, and weather-related delays in drilling and in the installation and operation (by eog or third parties) of production, gathering, processing, refining, compression, storage, transportation, and export facilities;
•the ability of eog's customers and other contractual counterparties to satisfy their obligations to eog and, related thereto, to access the credit and capital markets to obtain financing needed to satisfy their obligations to eog;
•eog's ability to access the commercial paper market and other credit and capital markets to obtain financing on terms it deems acceptable, if at all, and to otherwise satisfy its capital expenditure requirements;
•the extent to which eog is successful in its completion of planned asset dispositions;
•the extent and effect of any hedging activities engaged in by eog;
•the timing and extent of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, inflation rates, global and domestic financial market conditions and global and domestic general economic conditions;
•geopolitical factors and political conditions and developments around the world (such as the imposition of tariffs or trade or other economic sanctions, political instability and armed conflict), including in the areas in which eog operates;
•the extent to which eog incurs uninsured losses and liabilities or losses and liabilities in excess of its insurance coverage;
•the other factors described under item 1a, risk factors of this annual report on form 10-k and any updates to those factors set forth in eog's subsequent quarterly reports on form 10-q or current reports on form 8-k.
in light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the events anticipated by eog's forward-looking statements may not occur, and, if any of such events do, we may not have anticipated the timing of their occurrence or the duration or extent of their impact on our actual results. accordingly, you should not place any undue reliance on any of eog's forward-looking statements. eog's forward-looking statements speak only as of the date made, and eog undertakes no obligation, other than as required by applicable law, to update or revise its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, subsequent events, anticipated or unanticipated circumstances or otherwise.