item 1a. risk factors the nature of our business activities subjects us to certain hazards and risks. the following is a summary of some of the material risks relating to our business activities. other risks are described in item 1. "business and properties," item 7. "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" and item 7a. "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk." these risks are not the only risks we face. we could also face additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial. if any of these risks actually occurs, it could materially harm our business, financial condition or results of operations and the trading price of our shares could decline.
risks relating to the pending merger the pending merger may not be completed and the merger agreement may be terminated in accordance with its terms. failure to complete the pending merger could negatively impact the price of shares of our common stock and our future businesses and financial results.
the pending merger is subject to a number of conditions that must be satisfied, including the approval by qep stockholders of the merger agreement proposal, or, to the extent permitted by applicable law, waived, in each case prior to the completion of the pending merger. the conditions to the completion of the pending merger, some of which are beyond our control, may not be satisfied or waived in a timely manner or at all, and, accordingly, the pending merger may be delayed or may not be completed.
in addition, if the pending merger is not completed by june 30, 2021, or, in certain instances, on or before september 30, 2021, either we or qep may choose not to proceed with the pending merger by terminating the merger agreement, and the parties can mutually decide to terminate the merger agreement at any time, before or after stockholder approval. further, either we or qep may elect to terminate the merger agreement in certain other circumstances specified in the merger agreement. if the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement are not completed for any reason, our ongoing business, financial condition and financial results may be adversely affected. without realizing any of the benefits of having completed the transactions, we will be subject to a number of risks, including the following:
•time and resources committed by our management to matters relating to the transactions could otherwise have been devoted to pursuing other beneficial opportunities;
•since the merger agreement restricts the conduct of our business prior to completion of the pending merger, we may not have been able to take certain actions during the pendency of the merger that would have benefitted us as an independent company and the opportunity to take such actions may no longer be available.
uncertainty about the effect of the pending merger on employees, industry contacts and business partners may have an adverse effect on us. these uncertainties may impair our ability to attract, retain and motivate key personnel until the pending merger is completed and for a period of time thereafter and could cause industry contacts, business partners and others that deal with us to seek to change their existing business relationships with us. in addition, the merger agreement restricts the parties to the merger agreement from entering into certain corporate transactions and taking other specified actions without the consent of the other party. these restrictions may prevent us from pursuing attractive business opportunities that may arise prior to the completion of the pending merger.
we will incur significant transaction and merger-related costs in connection with the pending merger, which may be in excess of those anticipated by us.
we have incurred and expect to continue to incur a number of non-recurring costs associated with negotiating and completing the pending merger, combining the operations of the two companies and achieving desired synergies. these fees and costs have been, and will continue to be, substantial. the substantial majority of non-recurring expenses will consist of transaction costs related to the pending merger and include, among others, employee retention costs, fees paid to financial, legal and accounting advisors, severance and benefit costs and filing fees.
we will also incur transaction fees and costs related to the integration of the companies, which may be substantial. moreover, we may incur additional unanticipated expenses in connection with the pending merger and the integration, including costs associated with any stockholder litigation related to the pending merger. although we expect that the elimination of duplicative costs, as well as the realization of other efficiencies related to the integration of the businesses, should allow us to offset integration-related costs over time, this net benefit may not be achieved in the near term, or at all. the costs described above, as well as other unanticipated costs and expenses, could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition and operating results of the combined company following the completion of the pending merger.
we and our subsidiaries will have substantial indebtedness after giving effect to the pending merger, which may limit our financial flexibility and adversely affect our financial results.
under the merger agreement, qep's outstanding debt (other than its existing credit facility) will remain outstanding, which debt, as of december 31, 2020 was approximately $1.6 billion and consisted of amounts outstanding under qep's senior notes. as of december 31, 2020, we had total long-term debt of approximately $5.6 billion, consisting primarily of the amounts outstanding under our revolving credit facility, our senior unsecured notes, the notes issued by our subsidiary energen corporation, the senior notes issued by our publicly traded subsidiaries, viper and rattler, and the amounts outstanding under viper's and rattler's revolving credit facilities.
our pro forma indebtedness as of december 31, 2020, assuming consummation of the pending merger had occurred on such date and qep's senior notes remain outstanding, would have been approximately $7.4 billion, representing an increase in comparison to our indebtedness on a recent historical basis. we believe that post-merger we will retain our investment grade credit ratings and retire the combined company's pro forma debt at a faster rate than either company would have been able to do absent the pending merger. however, any increase in our indebtedness could have adverse effects on our financial condition and results of operations, including:
•increasing difficulty to satisfy our obligations with respect to our debt obligations, including any repurchase obligations that may arise thereunder;
•increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions;
•placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that are less leveraged and, therefore, may be able to take advantage of opportunities that we would be unable to pursue due to our indebtedness;
•limiting our ability to access the capital markets to raise capital on favorable terms;
•impairing our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, general corporate or other purposes; and
•increasing our vulnerability to interest rate increases, as our borrowings under our revolving credit facility are at variable interest rates.
we believe that the combined company will have flexibility to repay, refinance, repurchase, redeem, exchange or otherwise terminate large portions of our outstanding debt obligations. however, there can be no guarantee that we would be able to execute such refinancings on favorable terms or at all, and a high level of indebtedness increases the risk that we may default on our debt obligations, including from the debt obligations of qep. our ability to meet our debt obligations and to reduce our level of indebtedness depends on our future performance. our future performance depends on many factors independent of the pending merger, some of which are beyond our control, such as general economic conditions and oil and natural gas prices. we may not be able to generate sufficient cash flows to pay the interest on our debt, and future working capital, borrowings or equity financing may not be available to pay or refinance such debt.
lawsuits have been filed against qep, us, merger sub and the members of the qep board in connection with the merger and additional lawsuits may be filed in the future. an adverse ruling in any such lawsuit could result in an injunction preventing the completion of the merger and/or substantial costs to us and qep.
securities class action lawsuits and derivative lawsuits are often brought against public companies that have entered into acquisition, merger or other business combination agreements like the merger agreement. even if such a lawsuit is without merit, defending against these claims can result in substantial costs and divert management time and resources.
as of february 22, 2021, nine individual lawsuits have been filed by purported qep stockholders in united states district courts in connection with the proposed merger. all nine lawsuits name qep and the members of the qep board as defendants, and two of the nine lawsuits name us and merger sub as defendants. the complaints allege, among other things, that the registration statements relating to the merger on form s-4 filed by us on january 22, 2021, as amended on form s-4/a filed on february 3, 2021, and the schedule 14a definitive proxy statement filed by qep on february 10, 2021 fail to provide certain allegedly material information concerning the proposed merger in violation of sections 14(a) and 20(a) of the exchange act and rule 14a-9 promulgated thereunder. in addition to these allegations, some of the complaints allege that the merger consideration to be received by the qep stockholders in the merger is unfair because the value of the qep common stock is in excess of the value of the merger consideration, that the "no solicitation" clause in the merger agreement is improper and that the termination fee contemplated by the merger agreement is excessive. some of the complaints also assert a breach of fiduciary duty claim under state law against individual qep board members. among other remedies, the plaintiffs seek to enjoin the completion of the proposed merger, a recission of the completed merger or rescissory damages, an accounting of damages suffered by the plaintiff, an award of plaintiff's expenses and attorney's fees, and other relief.
each of us and qep believes that the allegations in the complaints are without merit. additional lawsuits arising out of the merger may also be filed in the future.
one of the conditions to the closing of the merger is that no injunction by any governmental entity having jurisdiction over us, qep or merger sub has been entered and continues to be in effect and no law has been adopted, in either case that prohibits the closing of the merger. consequently, if a plaintiff is successful in obtaining an injunction prohibiting completion of the merger, that injunction may delay or prevent the merger from being completed within the expected timeframe or at all, which may adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations.
additionally, there can be no assurance that any of the defendants will be successful in the outcome of the lawsuits filed thus far or any potential future lawsuits. the defense or settlement of any lawsuit or claim that remains unresolved at the time the merger is completed may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
risk factors relating to diamondback following the completion of the pending merger the integration of qep into our business may not be as successful as anticipated, and we may not achieve the intended benefits or do so within the intended timeframe.
the pending merger involves numerous operational, strategic, financial, accounting, legal, tax and other risks, potential liabilities associated with the acquired businesses, and uncertainties related to design, operation and integration of qep's internal control over financial reporting. difficulties in integrating qep into our business may result in us performing differently than expected, operational challenges, or the failure to realize anticipated expense-related efficiencies. potential difficulties that may be encountered in the integration process include, among others:
•the inability to successfully integrate qep into our business in a manner that permits us to achieve the full revenue and cost savings anticipated from the pending merger;
•complexities associated with managing the larger, more complex, integrated business;
•potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen expenses, delays or regulatory conditions associated with the pending merger;
•integrating relationships with industry contacts and business partners;
additionally, the success of the pending merger will depend, in part, on our ability to realize the anticipated benefits and cost savings from combining our and qep's businesses, including operational and other synergies that we believe the combined company will achieve. the anticipated benefits and cost savings of the pending merger may not be realized fully or at all, may take longer to realize than expected, or could have other adverse effects that we do not currently foresee.
the success of the pending merger will depend, in part, on our ability to realize the anticipated benefits and cost savings from combining our and qep's businesses, including the need to integrate the operations and business of qep into our existing business in an efficient and timely manner, to combine systems and management controls and to integrate relationships with customers, vendors, industry contacts and business partners.
the anticipated benefits and cost savings of the pending merger may not be realized fully or at all, may take longer to realize than expected or could have other adverse effects that we do not currently foresee. some of the assumptions that we have made, such as the achievement of operating synergies, may not be realized. there could also be unknown liabilities and unforeseen expenses associated with the pending merger that were not discovered in the due diligence review conducted by each company prior to entering into the merger agreement.
because shares of our common stock will be issued in the pending merger, it is possible that, although we currently expect the merger to be accretive to earnings per share, the merger may be dilutive to our earnings per share, which could negatively affect the market price of our common stock.
in connection with the completion of the pending merger, based on the number of issued and outstanding shares of qep common stock as of february 22, 2021 and the number of outstanding qep equity awards currently estimated to be payable in our common stock following the merger, we will issue up to approximately 12.4 million shares of our common stock. the issuance of these new shares of our common stock could have the effect of depressing the market price of our common stock, through dilution of earnings per share or otherwise. any dilution of, or delay of any accretion to, our earnings per share could cause the price of shares of our common stock to decline or increase at a reduced rate.
furthermore, our current stockholders may not wish to continue to invest in the additional operations of the combined company, or for other reasons may wish to dispose of some or all of their interests in the combined company, and as a result may seek to sell their shares of our common stock following, or in anticipation of, completion of the pending merger. the merger agreement does not restrict the ability of former qep stockholders to sell such shares of our common stock following completion of the pending merger. therefore, these sales (or the perception that these sales may occur), coupled with the increase in the outstanding number of shares of our common stock, may affect the market for, and the market price of, our common stock in an adverse manner.
if the pending merger is completed and our stockholders, including former qep stockholders, sell substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market following the consummation of the pending merger, the market price of our common stock may decrease. these sales might also make it more difficult for us to raise capital by selling equity or equity-related securities at a time and price that it otherwise would deem appropriate.
the market price of our common stock will continue to fluctuate after the pending merger, and may decline if the benefits of the pending merger do not meet the expectations of financial analysts.
upon completion of the pending merger, holders of qep common stock who receive merger consideration will become holders of shares of our common stock. the market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly following completion of the pending merger and holders of qep common stock could lose some or all of the value of their investment in our common stock. in addition, the stock market has recently experienced significant price and volume fluctuations which could, if such fluctuations continue to occur, have a material adverse effect on the market for, or liquidity of, our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance.
our business differs from that of qep in certain respects, and, accordingly, our financial position or results of operations and/or cash flows after the pending merger is completed, as well as the market price of our common stock, may be affected by factors different from those currently affecting our financial position or results of operations and/or cash flows as an independent standalone company.
following the completion of the pending merger, we may incorporate qep's hedging activities into our business and, as a result, may be exposed to additional commodity price risks arising from such hedges.
to mitigate its exposure to changes in commodity prices, qep hedges oil and natural gas prices from time to time, primarily through the use of certain derivative instruments. if we assume qep's existing derivative instruments or if qep enters into additional derivative instruments prior to the completion of the pending merger, we will bear the economic impact of the contracts following the completion of the pending merger. actual crude oil and natural gas prices may differ from the combined company's expectations and, as a result, such derivative instruments may have a negative impact on our business.
the pending merger will be accounted for as an acquisition by us in accordance with gaap. under the acquisition method of accounting, the assets and liabilities of qep and its subsidiaries will be recorded, as of completion of the pending merger, at their respective fair values and added to those of us. our reported financial condition and results of operations for the periods after completion of the pending merger will reflect qep balances and results after completion of the pending merger but will not be restated retroactively to reflect the historical financial position or results of operations of qep and its subsidiaries for periods prior to the completion of the pending merger.
under the acquisition method of accounting, the total purchase price will be allocated to qep's tangible assets and liabilities and identifiable intangible assets based on their fair values as of the date of completion of the pending merger. the excess of the purchase price over those fair values will be recorded as goodwill. we expect that the pending merger may result in the creation of goodwill based upon the application of the acquisition method of accounting. to the extent goodwill or intangibles are recorded and the values become impaired, the combined company may be required to recognize material non-cash charges relating to such impairment. the combined company's operating results may be significantly impacted from both the impairment and underlying trends in the business that triggered the impairment.
the combined company may not be able to retain customers or suppliers, and customers or suppliers may seek to modify contractual obligations with the combined company, either of which could have an adverse effect on the combined company's business and operations. third parties may terminate or alter existing contracts or relationships with us as a result of the pending merger.
as a result of the pending merger, the combined company may experience impacts on relationships with customers and suppliers that may harm the combined company's business and results of operations. certain customers or suppliers may seek to terminate or modify contractual obligations following the completion of the pending merger whether or not contractual rights are triggered as a result of the pending merger. there can be no guarantee that customers and suppliers will remain with or continue to have a relationship with the combined company or do so on the same or similar contractual terms following the closing of the pending merger. if any customers or suppliers seek to terminate or modify contractual obligations or discontinue their relationships with the combined company, then the combined company's business and results of operations may be harmed. if the combined company's suppliers were to seek to terminate or modify an arrangement with the combined company, then the combined company may be unable to procure necessary supplies or services from other suppliers in a timely and efficient manner and on acceptable terms, or at all.
qep also has contracts with vendors, landlords, licensors and other business partners which may require qep to obtain consent from these other parties in connection with the pending merger. if these consents cannot be obtained, the combined company may suffer a loss of potential future revenue, incur costs and/or lose rights that may be material to the business of the combined company. in addition, third parties with whom diamondback or qep currently have relationships may terminate or otherwise reduce the scope of their relationship with either party in anticipation of the closing of the pending merger. any such disruptions could limit the combined company's ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of the pending merger. the adverse effect of any such disruptions could also be exacerbated by a delay in the completion of the pending merger or by a termination of the merger agreement.
although we have paid cash dividends on our common stock in the past, our board of directors may determine not to declare dividends in the future or may reduce the amount of dividends paid in the future. any payment of future dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements, future prospects and other considerations that our board of directors deems relevant.
the spread of covid-19 caused, and is continuing to cause, severe disruptions in the worldwide and u.s. economies, including contributing to the reduced global and domestic demand for oil and natural gas, which has had and will likely continue to have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. moreover, since the beginning of january 2020, the covid-19 pandemic has caused significant disruption in the financial markets both globally and in the united states. the continued spread of covid-19 could also negatively impact the availability of key personnel necessary to conduct our business. if covid-19 continues to spread or the response to contain or mitigate the covid-19 pandemic through the development and availability of effective treatments and vaccines, including the vaccines recently approved by the fda for emergency use in the u.s., is unsuccessful, we could continue to experience material adverse effects on our business, financial condition and results of operations. due to the rapid development and fluidity of this situation, we cannot make any prediction as to the ultimate material adverse impact of the covid -19 pandemic on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the sharp decline in oil and natural gas prices and continued volatility in the oil and natural gas markets have negatively impacted, and are likely to continue to negatively impact, our exploration and production activities, which has adversely impacted our business, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, lower oil and natural gas prices may adversely affect the borrowing base under our revolving credit facility and estimates of our proved reserves.
in early march 2020, oil prices dropped sharply and then continued to decline reaching negative levels. this was a result of multiple factors affecting the supply and demand in global oil and natural gas markets, including actions taken by opec members and other exporting nations impacting commodity price and production levels and a significant decrease in demand due to the ongoing covid-19 pandemic. while opec members and certain other nations agreed in april 2020 to cut production and subsequently extended such production cuts through december 2020, which helped to reduce a portion of the excess supply in the market and improve crude oil prices, they agreed to increase production by 500,000 barrels per day beginning in january 2021. as a result, downward pressure on commodity prices has continued and could continue for the foreseeable future. we cannot predict if or when commodity prices will stabilize and at what levels.
as a result of the reduction in crude oil demand caused by factors discussed above, we lowered our 2020 capital budget and production guidance, curtailed near term production and reduced our rig count, all of which may be subject to further reductions or curtailments if the commodity markets and macroeconomic conditions worsen. although we have restored our curtailed production, actions taken in response to the covid-19 pandemic and depressed commodity pricing environment have had and are expected to continue to have an adverse effect on our business, financial results and cash flows.
based on the results of the quarterly ceiling test, we were required to record an impairment on our proved oil and natural gas interests for the year ended december 31, 2020. if commodity prices fall below current levels, we may be required to record impairments in future periods and such impairments could be material. further, if commodity prices decrease, our production, proved reserves and cash flows will be adversely impacted.
other significant factors that are likely to continue to affect commodity prices in future periods include, but are not limited to, the effect of u.s. energy, monetary and trade policies, u.s. and global political and economic developments, including the biden administration's energy and environmental policies and the impact of the ongoing covid-19 pandemic on conditions in the u.s. oil and natural gas industry, all of which are beyond our control.
our results of operations may be also adversely impacted by any future government rule, regulation or order that may impose production limits, as well as pipeline capacity and storage constraints, in the permian basin where we operate.
we cannot predict the ultimate impact of these factors on our business, financial condition and results of operation.
increased costs of capital could adversely affect our business.
our business could be harmed by factors such as the availability, terms and cost of capital, increases in interest rates or a reduction in our credit rating. changes in any one or more of these factors could cause our cost of doing business to increase, limit our access to capital, limit our ability to pursue acquisition opportunities, reduce our cash flows available for drilling and place us at a competitive disadvantage. continuing disruptions and volatility in the global financial markets may lead to an increase in interest rates or a contraction in credit availability impacting our ability to finance our activities. a significant reduction in the availability of credit could materially and adversely affect our ability to achieve our business strategy and cash flows.
market conditions for oil and natural gas, and particularly volatility in prices for oil and natural gas, have in the past adversely affected, and may in the future adversely affect, our revenue, cash flows, profitability, growth, production and the present value of our estimated reserves.
our revenues, operating results, profitability, future rate of growth and the carrying value of our oil and natural gas properties depend significantly upon the prevailing prices for oil and natural gas. historically, oil and natural gas prices have been volatile and are subject to fluctuations in response to changes in supply and demand, market uncertainty and a variety of additional factors that are beyond our control, including; the domestic and foreign supply of oil and natural gas; the level of prices and expectations about future prices of oil and natural gas; the level of global oil and natural gas exploration and production; the cost of exploring for, developing, producing and delivering oil and natural gas; the price and quantity of foreign imports; political and economic conditions in oil producing countries, including the middle east, africa, south america and russia; the ability of members of the organization of petroleum exporting countries to agree to and maintain oil price and production controls; speculative trading in crude oil and natural gas derivative contracts; the level of consumer product demand; extreme weather conditions and other natural disasters; risks associated with operating drilling rigs; technological advances affecting energy consumption; the price and availability of alternative fuels; domestic and foreign governmental regulations and taxes; the continued threat of terrorism and the impact of military and other action, including u.s. military operations in the middle east; global or national health concerns, including the outbreak of pandemic or contagious disease, such as covid-19; the proximity, cost, availability and capacity of oil and natural gas pipelines and other transportation facilities; and overall domestic and global economic conditions.
these factors and the volatility of the energy markets make it extremely difficult to predict future oil and natural gas price movements with any certainty. during 2020, nymex wti prices ranged from $(37.63) to $63.27 per bbl and the nymex henry hub price of natural gas ranged from $1.48 to $3.35 per mmbtu. if the prices of oil and natural gas decline further, our operations, financial condition and level of expenditures for the development of our oil and natural gas reserves may be materially and adversely affected.
in addition, lower oil and natural gas prices may reduce the amount of oil and natural gas that we can produce economically. this may result in our having to make substantial downward adjustments to our estimated proved reserves. if this occurs or if our production estimates change or our exploration or development activities are curtailed, full cost accounting rules may require us to write-down, as a non-cash charge to earnings, the carrying value of our oil and natural gas properties. reductions in our reserves could also negatively impact the borrowing base under our revolving credit facility, which could further limit our liquidity and ability to conduct additional exploration and development activities.
a significant portion of our net leasehold acreage is undeveloped, or acreage on which wells have not been drilled or completed to a point that would permit the production of commercial quantities of oil and natural gas regardless of whether such acreage contains proved reserves. in addition, many of our oil and natural gas leases require us to drill wells that are commercially productive, and if we are unsuccessful in drilling such wells, we could lose our rights under such leases. our future oil and natural gas reserves and production and, therefore, our future cash flow and income are highly dependent on successfully developing our undeveloped leasehold acreage.
our development and exploration operations and our ability to complete acquisitions require substantial capital and we may be unable to obtain needed capital or financing on satisfactory terms or at all, which could lead to a loss of properties and a decline in our oil and natural gas reserves.
the oil and natural gas industry is capital intensive. we make and expect to continue to make substantial capital expenditures in our business and operations for the exploration for and development, production and acquisition of oil and natural gas reserves. in 2020, our total capital expenditures, including expenditures for drilling, infrastructure and additions to midstream assets, were approximately $1.9 billion. our 2021 capital budget for drilling, completion and infrastructure, including investments in water disposal infrastructure and gathering line projects, is currently estimated to be approximately $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion, representing a decrease of 50% from our 2020 capital budget. since completing our initial public offering in october 2012, we have financed capital expenditures primarily with borrowings under our revolving credit facility, cash generated by operations and the net proceeds from public offerings of our common stock and the senior notes.
we intend to finance our future capital expenditures for our drilling operations with cash flow from operations, while future acquisitions may also be funded from operations as well as proceeds from offerings of our debt and equity securities and borrowings under our revolving credit facility. our cash flow from operations and access to capital are subject to a number of variables, including; our proved reserves; the volume of oil and natural gas we are able to produce from existing wells; the prices at which our oil and natural gas are sold; our ability to acquire, locate and produce economically new reserves; and our ability to borrow under our credit facility.
we cannot assure you that our operations and other capital resources will provide cash in sufficient amounts to maintain planned or future levels of capital expenditures. further, our actual capital expenditures in 2021 could exceed our capital expenditure budget. in the event our capital expenditure requirements at any time are greater than the amount of capital we have available, we could be required to seek additional sources of capital, which may include traditional reserve base borrowings, debt financing, joint venture partnerships, production payment financings, sales of assets, offerings of debt or equity securities or other means. we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain debt or equity financing on terms favorable to us, or at all.
if we are unable to fund our capital requirements, we may be required to curtail our operations relating to the exploration and development of our prospects, which in turn could lead to a possible loss of properties and a decline in our oil and natural gas reserves, or we may be otherwise unable to implement our development plan, complete acquisitions or take advantage of business opportunities or respond to competitive pressures, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our production, revenues and results of operations. in addition, a delay in or the failure to complete proposed or future infrastructure projects could delay or eliminate potential efficiencies and related cost savings.
our success depends on finding, developing or acquiring additional reserves.
our future success depends upon our ability to find, develop or acquire additional oil and natural gas reserves that are economically recoverable. our proved reserves will generally decline as reserves are depleted, except to the extent that we conduct successful exploration or development activities or acquire properties containing proved reserves, or both. to increase reserves and production, we undertake development, exploration and other replacement activities or use third parties to accomplish these activities. we have made, and expect to make in the future, substantial capital expenditures in our business and operations for the development, production, exploration and acquisition of oil and natural gas reserves. we may not have sufficient resources to acquire additional reserves or to undertake exploration, development, production or other replacement activities, such activities may not result in significant additional reserves and we may not have success drilling productive wells at low finding and development costs. if we are unable to replace our current production, the value of our reserves will decrease, and our business, financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected. furthermore, although our revenues may increase if prevailing oil and natural gas prices increase significantly, our finding costs for additional reserves could also increase.
our failure to successfully identify, complete and integrate pending and future acquisitions of properties or businesses could reduce our earnings and slow our growth.
there is intense competition for acquisition opportunities in our industry. the successful acquisition of producing properties requires an assessment of several factors, including; recoverable reserves, future oil and natural gas prices and their applicable differentials, operating costs, and potential environmental and other liabilities.
the accuracy of these assessments is inherently uncertain, and we may not be able to identify attractive acquisition opportunities. in connection with these assessments, we perform a review of the subject properties that we believe to be generally consistent with industry practices. our review will not reveal all existing or potential problems nor will it permit us to become sufficiently familiar with the properties to assess fully their deficiencies and capabilities. inspections may not always be performed on every well, and environmental problems, such as groundwater contamination, are not necessarily observable even when an inspection is undertaken. even when problems are identified, the seller may be unwilling or unable to provide effective contractual protection against all or part of the problems. even if we do identify attractive acquisition opportunities, we may not be able to complete the acquisition or do so on commercially acceptable terms.
competition for acquisitions may increase the cost of, or cause us to refrain from, completing acquisitions. our ability to complete acquisitions is dependent upon, among other things, our ability to obtain debt and equity financing and, in some cases, regulatory approvals. if these acquisitions include geographic regions in which we do not currently operate, as in the case of the pending merger with qep, we could be subject to unforeseen operating difficulties and difficulties in coordinating geographically dispersed operations, personnel and facilities. in addition, if we enter into new geographic markets, we may be subject to additional and unfamiliar legal and regulatory requirements. compliance with regulatory requirements may impose substantial additional obligations on us and our management, cause us to expend additional time and resources in compliance activities and increase our exposure to penalties or fines for non-compliance with such additional legal requirements. further, the success of any completed acquisition will depend on our ability to integrate effectively the acquired business into our existing operations. the process of integrating acquired businesses may involve unforeseen difficulties and may require a disproportionate amount of our managerial and financial resources. in addition, possible future acquisitions may be larger and for purchase prices significantly higher than those paid for earlier acquisitions.
no assurance can be given that we will be able to identify additional suitable acquisition opportunities, negotiate acceptable terms, obtain financing for acquisitions on acceptable terms or successfully acquire identified targets. our failure to achieve consolidation savings, to integrate the acquired businesses and assets into our existing operations successfully or to minimize any unforeseen operational difficulties could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. the inability to effectively manage the integration of acquisitions, including our pending acquisitions, could reduce our focus on subsequent acquisitions and current operations, which, in turn, could negatively impact our earnings and growth. our financial position and results of operations may fluctuate significantly from period to period, based on whether or not significant acquisitions are completed in particular periods.
we may incur losses as a result of title defects in the properties in which we invest.
it is our practice in acquiring oil and natural gas leases or interests not to incur the expense of retaining lawyers to examine the title to the mineral interest. rather, we rely upon the judgment of oil and gas lease brokers or landmen who perform the fieldwork in examining records in the appropriate governmental office before attempting to acquire a lease in a specific mineral interest. the existence of a material title deficiency can render a lease worthless and can adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
prior to the drilling of an oil or natural gas well, however, it is the normal practice in our industry for the person or company acting as the operator of the well to obtain a preliminary title review to ensure there are no obvious defects in title to the well. frequently, as a result of such examinations, certain curative work must be done to correct defects in the marketability of the title, and such curative work entails expense. our failure to cure any title defects may delay or prevent us from utilizing the associated mineral interest, which may adversely impact our ability in the future to increase production and reserves. additionally, undeveloped acreage has greater risk of title defects than developed acreage. if there are any title defects or defects in the assignment of leasehold rights in properties in which we hold an interest, we will suffer a financial loss.
our project areas, which are in various stages of development, may not yield oil or natural gas in commercially viable quantities.
our project areas are in various stages of development, ranging from project areas with current drilling or production activity to project areas that consist of recently acquired leasehold acreage or that have limited drilling or production history. if future wells or the wells in the process of being completed do not produce sufficient revenues to return a profit or if we drill dry holes in the future, our business may be materially affected.
at an assumed price of approximately $60.00 per bbl wti, we currently have approximately 10,413 gross (6,863 net) identified economic potential horizontal drilling locations in multiple horizons on our acreage. as of december 31, 2020, only 628 of our gross identified potential horizontal drilling locations were attributed to proved reserves. these drilling locations, including those without proved undeveloped reserves, represent a significant part of our growth strategy. our ability to drill and develop these locations depends on a number of uncertainties, including the availability of capital, construction of infrastructure, inclement weather, regulatory changes and approvals, oil and natural gas prices, costs, drilling results and the availability of water. further, our identified potential drilling locations are in various stages of evaluation, ranging from locations that are ready to drill to locations that will require substantial additional interpretation. in addition, we have identified approximately 2,708 horizontal drilling locations in intervals in which we have drilled very few or no wells, which are necessarily more speculative and based on results from other operators whose acreage may not be consistent with ours. we cannot predict in advance of drilling and testing whether any particular drilling location will yield oil or natural gas in sufficient quantities to recover drilling or completion costs or to be economically viable. the use of technologies and the study of producing fields in the same area will not enable us to know conclusively prior to drilling whether oil or natural gas will be present or, if present, whether oil or natural gas will be present in sufficient quantities to be economically viable. even if sufficient amounts of oil or natural gas exist, we may damage the potentially productive hydrocarbon bearing formation or experience mechanical difficulties while drilling or completing the well, possibly resulting in a reduction in production from the well or abandonment of the well. if we drill additional wells that we identify as dry holes in our current and future drilling locations, our drilling success rate may decline and materially harm our business. through december 31, 2020, we are the operator of, have participated in, or have acquired working interest in a total of 2,380 horizontal wells completed on our acreage, we cannot assure you that the analogies we draw from available data from these or other wells, more fully explored locations or producing fields will be applicable to our drilling locations. further, initial production rates reported by us or other operators in the permian basin may not be indicative of future or long-term production rates. because of these uncertainties, we do not know if the potential drilling locations we have identified will ever be drilled or if we will be able to produce oil or natural gas from these or any other potential drilling locations. as such, our actual drilling activities may materially differ from those presently identified, which could adversely affect our business.
multi-well pad drilling may result in volatility in our operating results.
we utilize multi-well pad drilling where practical. because wells drilled on a pad are not brought into production until all wells on the pad are drilled and completed and the drilling rig is moved from the location, multi-well pad drilling delays the commencement of production, which may cause volatility in our operating results.
our acreage must be drilled before lease expiration, generally within three to five years, in order to hold the acreage by production. in a highly competitive market for acreage, failure to drill sufficient wells to hold acreage may result in a substantial lease renewal cost or, if renewal is not feasible, loss of our lease and prospective drilling opportunities.
leases on oil and natural gas properties typically have a term of three to five years, after which they expire unless, prior to expiration, production is established within the spacing units covering the undeveloped acres. the cost to renew such leases may increase significantly, and we may not be able to renew such leases on commercially reasonable terms or at all. any reduction in our current drilling program, either through a reduction in capital expenditures or the unavailability of drilling rigs, could result in the loss of acreage through lease expirations. in addition, in order to hold our current leases expiring in 2021, we will need to operate at least a one-rig program. we cannot assure you that we will have the liquidity to deploy these rigs in this time frame, or that commodity prices will warrant operating such a drilling program. any such losses of leases could materially and adversely affect the growth of our asset basis, cash flows and results of operations.
we have entered into commodity price derivatives for a portion of our production. although we have hedged a portion of our estimated 2021 and 2022 production, we may still be adversely affected by continuing and prolonged declines in the price of oil and may be exposed to other risks, including counterparty credit risk.
we use commodity price derivatives to reduce price volatility associated with certain of our oil and natural gas sales. to the extent that the prices of oil and natural gas remain at current levels or decline further, we may not be able to economically hedge future production at the same level as our current hedges, and our results of operations and financial condition may be negatively impacted.
at settlement, market prices for commodities may exceed the contract prices in our commodity price derivatives agreements, resulting in our need to make significant cash payments to our counterparties. further, by using commodity derivative instruments, we expose ourselves to credit risk if we are in a positive position at contract settlement and the counterparty fails to perform under the terms of the derivative contract. we do not require collateral from our counterparties.
for additional information regarding our outstanding derivative contracts as of december 31, 2020, see note 15-derivatives to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report.
if production from our permian basin acreage decreases due to decreased developmental activities, production related difficulties or otherwise, we may fail to meet our obligations to deliver specified quantities of oil under our oil purchase contract, which will result in deficiency payments to the counterparty and may have an adverse effect on our operations.
we are a party to long-term crude oil agreements under which, subject to certain terms and conditions, we are obligated to deliver specified quantities of oil to such companies. our maximum delivery obligation under these agreements varies for different periods and depends in some cases upon certain conditions beyond our control. if production from our permian basin acreage decreases due to decreased developmental activities, as a result of the low commodity price environment, production related difficulties or otherwise, we may be unable to meet our obligations under our oil purchase agreements, which may result in deficiency payments to certain counterparties or a default under such agreements and may have an adverse effect on our company.
the inability of one or more of our customers to meet their obligations may adversely affect our financial results.
in addition to credit risk related to receivables from commodity derivative contracts, our principal exposure to credit risk is through receivables from joint interest owners on properties we operate (approximately $56 million at december 31, 2020) and receivables from purchasers of our oil and natural gas production (approximately $281 million at december 31, 2020). joint interest receivables arise from billing entities that own partial interests in the wells we operate. these entities participate in our wells primarily based on their ownership in leases on which we wish to drill. we are generally unable to control which co-owners participate in our wells.
we are also subject to credit risk due to the concentration of our oil and natural gas receivables with several significant customers. for the year ended december 31, 2020, four purchasers each accounted for more than 10% of our revenue. for each of the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, three purchasers each accounted for more than 10% of our revenue. this concentration of customers may impact our overall credit risk in that these entities may be similarly affected by changes in economic and other conditions. current economic circumstances may further increase these risks. we do not require our customers to post collateral. the inability or failure of our significant customers or joint working interest owners to meet their obligations to us or their insolvency or liquidation may materially adversely affect our financial results.
we account for our oil and natural gas producing activities using the full cost method of accounting. accordingly, all costs incurred in the acquisition, exploration and development of proved oil and natural gas properties, including the costs of abandoned properties, dry holes, geophysical costs and annual lease rentals are capitalized. we also capitalize direct operating costs for services performed with internally owned drilling and well servicing equipment. all general and administrative corporate costs unrelated to drilling activities are expensed as incurred. sales or other dispositions of oil and natural gas properties are accounted for as adjustments to capitalized costs, with no gain or loss recorded unless the ratio of cost to proved reserves would significantly change. income from services provided to working interest owners of properties in which we also own an interest, to the extent they exceed related costs incurred, are accounted for as reductions of capitalized costs of oil and natural gas properties. depletion of evaluated oil and natural gas properties is computed on the units of production method, whereby capitalized costs plus estimated future development costs are amortized over total proved reserves. the average depletion rate per barrel equivalent unit of production was $11.30, $13.54 and $12.62 for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. depletion for oil and natural gas properties for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018 was $1.2 billion, $1.4 billion and $595 million, respectively.
the net capitalized costs of proved oil and natural gas properties are subject to a full cost ceiling limitation in which the costs are not allowed to exceed their related estimated future net revenues discounted at 10%. to the extent capitalized costs of evaluated oil and natural gas properties, net of accumulated depreciation, depletion, amortization and impairment, exceed the discounted future net revenues of proved oil and natural gas reserves, the excess capitalized costs are charged to expense. we use the unweighted arithmetic average first day of the month price for oil and natural gas for the 12-month period preceding the calculation date in estimating discounted future net revenues.
an impairment on proved oil and natural gas properties of $6.0 billion and $790 million was recorded for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. no impairments on proved oil and natural gas properties were recorded for the year ended december 31, 2018. see item 7. "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-critical accounting policies and estimates-method of accounting for oil and natural gas properties" for a more detailed description of our method of accounting.
our estimated reserves and eurs are based on many assumptions that may turn out to be inaccurate. any material inaccuracies in these reserve estimates or underlying assumptions will materially affect the quantities and present value of our reserves.
oil and natural gas reserve engineering is not an exact science and requires subjective estimates of underground accumulations of oil and natural gas and assumptions concerning future oil and natural gas prices, production levels, ultimate recoveries and operating and development costs. as a result, estimated quantities of proved reserves, projections of future production rates and the timing of development expenditures may be incorrect. the eurs for our horizontal wells are based on management's internal estimates. over time, we may make material changes to reserve estimates taking into account the results of actual drilling, testing and production. also, certain assumptions regarding future oil and natural gas prices, production levels and operating and development costs may prove incorrect. any significant variance from these assumptions to actual figures could greatly affect our estimates of reserves, the economically recoverable quantities of oil and natural gas attributable to any particular group of properties, the classifications of reserves based on risk of recovery and estimates of future net cash flows. a substantial portion of our reserve estimates are made without the benefit of a lengthy production history, which are less reliable than estimates based on a lengthy production history. numerous changes over time to the assumptions on which our reserve estimates are based, as described above, often result in the actual quantities of oil and natural gas that we ultimately recover being different from our reserve estimates. reserve estimates do not include any value for probable or possible reserves that may exist, nor do they include any value for unproved undeveloped acreage. the reserve estimates represent our net revenue interest in our properties.
the timing of both our production and our incurrence of costs in connection with the development and production of oil and natural gas properties will affect the timing of actual future net cash flows from proved reserves.
the present value of future net cash flow from our proved reserves, or standardized measure, and our related pv-10 calculation, may not represent the current market value of our estimated proved oil reserves. in accordance with sec requirements, we base the estimated discounted future net cash flow from our estimated proved reserves on the 12-month average oil index prices, calculated as the unweighted arithmetic average for the first-day-of-the-month price for each month and costs in effect as of the date of the estimate, holding the prices and costs constant throughout the life of the properties.
actual future prices and costs may differ materially from those used in the net present value estimate, and future net present value estimates using then current prices and costs may be significantly less than current estimates. in addition, the 10% discount factor we use when calculating discounted future net cash flow for reporting requirements in compliance with the financial accounting standard board codification 932, "extractive activities-oil and gas," may not be the most appropriate discount factor based on interest rates in effect from time to time and risks associated with us or the oil and natural gas industry in general.
the development of our proved undeveloped reserves may take longer and may require higher levels of capital expenditures than we currently anticipate.
approximately 38% of our total estimated proved reserves as of december 31, 2020, were proved undeveloped reserves and may not be ultimately developed or produced. recovery of proved undeveloped reserves requires significant capital expenditures and successful drilling operations. the reserve data included in the reserve reports of our independent petroleum engineers assume that substantial capital expenditures are required to develop such reserves. we cannot be certain that the estimated costs of the development of these reserves are accurate, that development will occur as scheduled or that the results of such development will be as estimated. delays in the development of our reserves, increases in costs to drill and develop such reserves, or further decreases in commodity prices will reduce the future net revenues of our estimated proved undeveloped reserves and may result in some projects becoming uneconomical. in addition, delays in the development of reserves could force us to reclassify certain of our proved reserves as unproved reserves.
our producing properties are located in the permian basin of west texas, making us vulnerable to risks associated with operating in a single geographic area. in addition, we have a large amount of proved reserves attributable to a small number of producing horizons within this area.
our producing properties are currently geographically concentrated in the permian basin of west texas. as a result of this concentration, we may be disproportionately exposed to the impact of regional supply and demand factors, delays or interruptions of production from wells in this area caused by governmental regulation, processing or transportation capacity constraints, availability of equipment, facilities, personnel or services market limitations or interruption of the processing or transportation of crude oil, natural gas or natural gas liquids and extreme weather conditions, such as the recent severe winter storms in the permian basin, and their adverse impact on production volumes, availability of electrical power, road accessibility and transportation facilities. in addition, the effect of fluctuations on supply and demand may become more pronounced within specific geographic oil and natural gas producing areas such as the permian basin, which may cause these conditions to occur with greater frequency or magnify the effects of these conditions. due to the concentrated nature of our portfolio of properties, a number of our properties could experience any of the same conditions at the same time, resulting in a relatively greater impact on our results of operations than they might have on other companies that have a more diversified portfolio of properties. such delays or interruptions could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
in addition to the geographic concentration of our producing properties described above, as of december 31, 2020, most of our proved reserves are concentrated in the wolfberry play in the midland basin. this concentration of assets within a small number of producing horizons exposes us to additional risks, such as changes in field-wide rules and regulations that could cause us to permanently or temporarily shut-in all of our wells within a field.
we depend upon several significant purchasers for the sale of most of our oil and natural gas production. the loss of one or more of these purchasers could, among other factors, limit our access to suitable markets for the oil and natural gas we produce.
the availability of a ready market for any oil and/or natural gas we produce depends on numerous factors beyond the control of our management, including but not limited to the extent of domestic production and imports of oil, the proximity and capacity of natural gas pipelines, the availability of skilled labor, materials and equipment, the effect of state and federal regulation of oil and natural gas production and federal regulation of natural gas sold in interstate commerce. in addition, we depend upon several significant purchasers for the sale of most of our oil and natural gas production. for the year ended december 31, 2020, four purchasers each accounted for more than 10% of our revenue. for each of the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, three purchasers each accounted for more than 10% of our revenue. we cannot assure you that we will continue to have ready access to suitable markets for our future oil and natural gas production. the loss of one or more of these customers, and our inability to sell our production to other customers on terms we consider acceptable, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow.
the unavailability, high cost or shortages of rigs, equipment, raw materials, supplies, oilfield services or personnel may restrict our operations.
the oil and natural gas industry is cyclical, which can result in shortages of drilling rigs, equipment, raw materials (particularly sand and other proppants), supplies and personnel. when shortages occur, the costs and delivery times of rigs, equipment and supplies increase and demand for, and wage rates of, qualified drilling rig crews also rise with increases in demand. we cannot predict whether these conditions will exist in the future and, if so, what their timing and duration will be. in accordance with customary industry practice, we rely on independent third party service providers to provide most of the services necessary to drill new wells. if we are unable to secure a sufficient number of drilling rigs at reasonable costs, our financial condition and results of operations could suffer, and we may not be able to drill all of our acreage before our leases expire. in addition, we do not have long-term contracts securing the use of our existing rigs, and the operator of those rigs may choose to cease providing services to us. shortages of drilling rigs, equipment, raw materials (particularly sand and other proppants), supplies, personnel, trucking services, tubulars, fracking and completion services and production equipment could delay or restrict our exploration and development operations, which in turn could impair our financial condition and results of operations.
our operations are substantially dependent on the availability of water. restrictions on our ability to obtain water may have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
water is an essential component of deep shale oil and natural gas production during both the drilling and hydraulic fracturing processes. historically, we have been able to purchase water from local land owners for use in our operations. over the past several years, texas has experienced extreme drought conditions. as a result of this severe drought, some local water districts have begun restricting the use of water subject to their jurisdiction for hydraulic fracturing to protect local water supply. if we are unable to obtain water to use in our operations from local sources, or we are unable to effectively utilize flowback water, we may be unable to economically drill for or produce oil and natural gas, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we may have difficulty managing growth in our business, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
our business operations have grown substantially since our initial public offering in october 2012 and we expect our business operations to continue to grow in the future. as we expand our activities and increase the number of projects we are evaluating or in which we participate, there will be additional demands on our financial, technical, operational and management resources. the failure to continue to upgrade our technical, administrative, operating and financial control systems or the occurrences of unexpected expansion difficulties, including the failure to recruit and retain experienced managers, geologists, engineers and other professionals in the oil and natural gas industry, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and our ability to timely execute our business plan.
our development of and participation in an increasingly larger number of drilling locations has required and will continue to require substantial capital expenditures. the uncertainty and risks described in this report may impede our ability to economically find, develop and acquire oil and natural gas reserves. as a result, we may not be able to achieve or sustain profitability or positive cash flows from our operating activities in the future.
part of our strategy involves drilling in existing or emerging shale plays using the latest available horizontal drilling and completion techniques; therefore, the results of our planned exploratory drilling in these plays are subject to risks associated with drilling and completion techniques and drilling results may not meet our expectations for reserves or production.
our operations involve utilizing the latest drilling and completion techniques as developed by us and our service providers. risks that we face while drilling include, but are not limited to, landing our well bore in the desired drilling zone, staying in the desired drilling zone while drilling horizontally through the formation, running our casing the entire length of the well bore and being able to run tools and other equipment consistently through the horizontal well bore. risks that we face while completing our wells include, but are not limited to, being able to fracture stimulate the planned number of stages, being able to run tools the entire length of the well bore during completion operations and successfully cleaning out the well bore after completion of the final fracture stimulation stage. in addition, to the extent we engage in horizontal drilling, those activities may adversely affect our ability to successfully drill in one or more of our identified vertical drilling locations. furthermore, certain of the new techniques we are adopting, such as infill drilling and multi-well pad drilling, may cause irregularities or interruptions in production due to, in the case of infill drilling, offset wells being shut in and, in the case of multi-well pad drilling, the time required to drill and complete multiple wells before any such wells begin producing. the results of our drilling in new or emerging formations are more uncertain initially than drilling results in areas that are more developed and have a longer history of established production. newer or emerging formations and areas often have limited or no production history and consequently we are less able to predict future drilling results in these areas.
ultimately, the success of these drilling and completion techniques can only be evaluated over time as more wells are drilled and production profiles are established over a sufficiently long time period. if our drilling results are less than anticipated or we are unable to execute our drilling program because of capital constraints, lease expirations, access to gathering systems, and/or declines in natural gas and oil prices, the return on our investment in these areas may not be as attractive as we anticipate. further, as a result of any of these developments we could incur material write-downs of our oil and natural gas properties and the value of our undeveloped acreage could decline in the future.
fuel conservation measures, alternative fuel requirements, increasing consumer demand for alternatives to oil and natural gas, technological advances in fuel economy and energy generation devices could reduce demand for oil and natural gas. the impact of the changing demand for oil and natural gas services and products may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the marketability of our production is dependent upon transportation and other facilities, certain of which we do not control. if these facilities are unavailable, our operations could be interrupted and our revenues reduced.
the marketability of our oil and natural gas production depends in part upon the availability, proximity and capacity of transportation facilities owned by third parties. our oil production is transported from the wellhead to our tank batteries by our gathering system, which interconnects with third party pipelines. our natural gas production is generally transported by our gathering lines from the wellhead to an interconnection point with the purchaser. we do not control third party transportation facilities and our access to them may be limited or denied. insufficient production from our wells to support the construction of pipeline facilities by our purchasers or a significant disruption in the availability of our or third party transportation facilities or other production facilities could adversely impact our ability to deliver to market or produce our oil and natural gas and thereby cause a significant interruption in our operations. for example, on certain occasions we have experienced high line pressure at our tank batteries with occasional flaring due to the inability of the gas gathering systems in the areas in which we operate to support the increased production of natural gas in the permian basin. if, in the future, we are unable, for any sustained period, to implement acceptable delivery or transportation arrangements or encounter production related difficulties, we may be required to shut in or curtail production. in addition, the amount of oil and natural gas that can be produced and sold may be subject to curtailment in certain other circumstances outside of our control, such as pipeline interruptions due to maintenance, excessive pressure, ability of downstream processing facilities to accept unprocessed gas, physical damage to the gathering or transportation system or lack of contracted capacity on such systems. the curtailments arising from these and similar circumstances may last from a few days to several months, and in many cases, we are provided with limited, if any, notice as to when these circumstances will arise and their duration. any such shut in or curtailment, or an inability to obtain favorable terms for delivery of the oil and natural gas produced from our fields, would adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
our oil and natural gas operations are subject to various federal, state and local governmental regulations that may be changed from time to time in response to economic and political conditions. matters subject to regulation include discharge permits for drilling operations, drilling bonds, reports concerning operations, the spacing of wells, unitization and pooling of properties and taxation. from time to time, regulatory agencies have imposed price controls and limitations on production by restricting the rate of flow of oil and natural gas wells below actual production capacity to conserve supplies of oil and natural gas. in addition, the production, handling, storage, transportation, remediation, emission and disposal of oil and natural gas, by-products thereof and other substances and materials produced or used in connection with oil and natural gas operations are subject to regulation under federal, state and local laws and regulations primarily relating to protection of human health and the environment. failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result in the assessment of sanctions, including administrative, civil or criminal penalties, permit revocations, requirements for additional pollution controls and injunctions limiting or prohibiting some or all of our operations. further, these laws and regulations imposed strict requirements for water and air pollution control and solid waste management. significant expenditures may be required to comply with governmental laws and regulations applicable to us. in addition, federal and state legislation and regulatory initiatives relating to hydraulic fracturing could result in increased costs and additional operating restrictions or delays. even if federal regulatory burdens temporarily ease, the historic trend of more expansive and stricter environmental legislation and regulations may continue in the long-term, and at the state and local levels. see item 1. "business-regulation" for a detailed description of certain laws and regulations that affect us.
restrictions on drilling activities intended to protect certain species of wildlife may adversely affect our ability to conduct drilling activities in some of the areas where we operate.
oil and natural gas operations in our operating areas can be adversely affected by seasonal or permanent restrictions on drilling activities designed to protect various wildlife. seasonal restrictions may limit our ability to operate in protected areas and can intensify competition for drilling rigs, oilfield equipment, services, supplies and qualified personnel, which may lead to periodic shortages when drilling is allowed. these constraints and the resulting shortages or high costs could delay our operations and materially increase our operating and capital costs. permanent restrictions imposed to protect threatened or endangered species could prohibit drilling in certain areas or require the implementation of expensive mitigation measures. the designation of previously unprotected species in areas where we operate as threatened or endangered could cause us to incur increased costs arising from species protection measures or could result in limitations on our exploration and production activities that could have an adverse impact on our ability to develop and produce our reserves.
derivatives reform legislation and related regulations could have an adverse effect on our ability to hedge risks associated with our business.
the july 2010 dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act, which we refer to as dodd-frank act, provides for federal oversight of the over-the-counter derivatives market and entities that participate in that market and mandates that the commodity futures trading commission, which we refer to as the cftc, the sec, and federal regulators of financial institutions, which we refer to as the prudential regulators, adopt rules or regulations implementing the dodd-frank act and providing definitions of terms used in the dodd-frank act. the dodd-frank act establishes margin requirements and requires clearing and trade execution practices for certain market participants and may result in certain market participants needing to curtail or cease their derivatives activities.
although some of the rules necessary to implement the dodd-frank act remain to be adopted, the cftc, the sec and the prudential regulators have issued many rules to implement the dodd-frank act, including a rule, which we refer to as the mandatory clearing rule, requiring clearing of hedges, or swaps, that are subject to it (currently, only certain interest rate and credit default swaps, a rule, which we refer to as the end user exception, establishing an "end user" exception to the mandatory clearing rule, a rule, which we refer to as the margin rule, setting forth collateral requirements in connection with swaps that are not cleared and also an exception to the margin rule for end users that are not financial end users, which exception we refer to as the non-financial end user exception, and a rule imposing position limits, which we refer to as the position limit rule, and also an exception to the position limit rule for swaps that constitute a "bona fide hedging transaction or position" within the definition of such term under the position limit rule, subject to the party claiming the exemption complying with the applicable filing, recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the position limit rule, which we refer to as the bona fide hedging exception.
we qualify for the end user exception to the mandatory clearing rule, we qualify for the non-financial end user exception and will not be required to post margin in connection with uncleared swaps under the margin rule, and each of our existing and anticipated hedging positions constitutes a "bona fide hedging transaction or position" under the position limit rule and we intend to undertake the filing, recordkeeping and reporting necessary to utilize the bona fide hedging exception under the position limit rule, so we do not expect to be directly affected by any of such rules. however, most if not all of our hedge counterparties will be subject to mandatory clearing in connection with their hedging activities with parties who do not qualify for the end user exception and will be required to post margin in connection with their hedging activities with other swap dealers, major swap participants, financial end users and other persons that do not qualify for the non-financial end user exception. in addition, the european union and other non-u.s. jurisdictions have enacted laws and regulations (including laws and regulations giving the european union financial authorities the power to write-down amounts we may be owed on hedging agreements with counterparties subject to such laws and regulations and/or require that we accept equity interests in such counterparties in lieu of cash in satisfaction of such amounts), which we refer to collectively as foreign regulations, which may apply to our transactions with counterparties subject to such foreign regulations, which we refer to as foreign counterparties, and the u.s. adopted law and rules, which we call the u.s. resolution stay rules, clarifying similar rights of u.s. banking authorities with respect to banking institutions subject to their regulation. the dodd-frank act, the rules which have been adopted and not vacated, the limit rule and the u.s. resolution stay rules could significantly increase the cost of our derivative contracts, materially alter the terms of our derivative contracts, reduce the availability of derivatives to us that we have historically used to protect against risks that we encounter in our business, reduce our ability to monetize or restructure our existing derivative contracts and increase our exposure to less creditworthy counterparties. the foreign regulations could have similar effects. if we reduce our use of derivatives as a result of the dodd-frank act and regulation, the u.s. resolution stay rules and foreign regulations, our results of operations may become more volatile and our cash flows may be less predictable, which could adversely affect our ability to plan for and fund capital expenditures. finally, the dodd-frank act was intended, in part, to reduce the volatility of oil and natural gas prices, which some legislators attributed to speculative trading in derivatives and commodity contracts related to oil and natural gas. our revenues could therefore be adversely affected if a consequence of the dodd-frank act and regulations is to lower commodity prices. any of these consequences could have a material adverse effect on us, our financial condition and our results of operations.
recently enacted u.s. tax legislation as well as future u.s. tax legislation may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.
from time to time, legislation has been proposed that, if enacted into law, would make significant changes to u.s. federal and state income tax laws affecting the oil and natural gas industry, including (i) eliminating the immediate deduction for intangible drilling and development costs, (ii) the repeal of the percentage depletion allowance for oil and natural gas properties; and (iii) an extension of the amortization period for certain geological and geophysical expenditures. no accurate prediction can be made as to whether any such legislative changes will be proposed or enacted in the future or, if enacted, what the specific provisions or the effective date of any such legislation would be. these proposed changes in the u.s. tax law, if adopted, or other similar changes that would impose additional tax on our activities or reduce or eliminate deductions currently available with respect to natural gas and oil exploration, development or similar activities, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.
if third party pipelines or other facilities interconnected to rattler llc's midstream systems become partially or fully unavailable, or if the volumes we gather or treat do not meet the quality requirements of such pipelines or facilities, our midstream operations could be adversely affected.
our subsidiary rattler llc's midstream systems are connected to other pipelines or facilities, the majority of which are owned by third parties. the continuing operation of such third party pipelines or facilities is not within our control. if any of these pipelines or facilities becomes unable to transport, treat or process natural gas or crude oil, or if the volumes we gather or transport do not meet the quality requirements of such pipelines or facilities, our midstream operations could be adversely affected.
we operate in areas of high industry activity, which may affect our ability to hire, train or retain qualified personnel needed to manage and operate our assets.
our operations and drilling activity are concentrated in the permian basin in west texas, an area in which industry activity has increased rapidly. as a result, demand for qualified personnel in this area, and the cost to attract and retain such personnel, has increased over the past few years due to competition and may increase substantially in the future. moreover, our competitors may be able to offer better compensation packages to attract and retain qualified personnel than we are able to offer.
any delay or inability to secure the personnel necessary for us to continue or complete our current and planned development activities could lead to a reduction in production volumes.  any such negative effect on production volumes, or significant increases in costs, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
many key responsibilities within our business have been assigned to a small number of employees. the loss of their services could adversely affect our business. in particular, the loss of the services of one or more members of our executive team, including our chief executive officer, travis d. stice, could disrupt our operations. we do not have employment agreements with our executives and may not be able to assure their retention. further, we do not maintain "key person" life insurance policies on any of our employees. as a result, we are not insured against any losses resulting from the death of our key employees.
drilling for and producing oil and natural gas are high-risk activities with many uncertainties that may result in a total loss of investment and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
our drilling activities are subject to many risks. for example, we cannot assure you that new wells drilled by us will be productive or that we will recover all or any portion of our investment in such wells. drilling for oil and natural gas often involves unprofitable efforts, not only from dry wells but also from wells that are productive but do not produce sufficient oil or natural gas to return a profit at then realized prices after deducting drilling, operating and other costs. the seismic data and other technologies we use do not allow us to know conclusively prior to drilling a well that oil or natural gas is present or that it can be produced economically. the costs of exploration, exploitation and development activities are subject to numerous uncertainties beyond our control, and increases in those costs can adversely affect the economics of a project. further, our drilling and producing operations may be curtailed, delayed, canceled or otherwise negatively impacted as a result of other factors, including; unusual or unexpected geological formations; loss of drilling fluid circulation; title problems; facility or equipment malfunctions; unexpected operational events; shortages or delivery delays of equipment and services; compliance with environmental and other governmental requirements; and adverse weather conditions.
our development and exploratory drilling efforts and our well operations may not be profitable or achieve our targeted returns.
historically, we have acquired significant amounts of unproved property in order to further our development efforts and expect to continue to undertake acquisitions in the future. development and exploratory drilling and production activities are subject to many risks, including the risk that no commercially productive reservoirs will be discovered. we acquire unproved properties and lease undeveloped acreage that we believe will enhance our growth potential and increase our earnings over time. however, we cannot assure you that all prospects will be economically viable or that we will not abandon our investments. additionally, we cannot assure you that unproved property acquired by us or undeveloped acreage leased by us will be profitably developed, that new wells drilled by us in prospects that we pursue will be productive or that we will recover all or any portion of our investment in such unproved property or wells.
operating hazards and uninsured risks may result in substantial losses and could prevent us from realizing profits.
our operations are subject to all of the hazards and operating risks associated with drilling for and production of oil and natural gas, including the risk of fire, explosions, blowouts, surface cratering, uncontrollable flows of natural gas, oil and formation water, pipe or pipeline failures, abnormally pressured formations, casing collapses and environmental hazards such as oil spills, gas leaks and ruptures or discharges of toxic gases. in addition, our operations are subject to risks associated with hydraulic fracturing, including any mishandling, surface spillage or potential underground migration of fracturing fluids, including chemical additives. the occurrence of any of these events could result in substantial losses to us due to injury or loss of life, severe damage to or destruction of property, natural resources and equipment, pollution or other environmental damage, clean-up responsibilities, regulatory investigations and penalties, suspension of operations and repairs required to resume operations.
we endeavor to contractually allocate potential liabilities and risks between us and the parties that provide us with services and goods, which include pressure pumping and hydraulic fracturing, drilling and cementing services and tubular goods for surface, intermediate and production casing. under our agreements with our vendors, to the extent responsibility for environmental liability is allocated between the parties, (i) our vendors generally assume all responsibility for control and removal of pollution or contamination which originates above the surface of the land and is directly associated with such vendors' equipment while in their control and (ii) we generally assume the responsibility for control and removal of all other pollution or contamination which may occur during our operations, including pre-existing pollution and pollution which may result from fire, blowout, cratering, seepage or any other uncontrolled flow of oil, gas or other substances, as well as the use or disposition of all drilling fluids. in addition, we generally agree to indemnify our vendors for loss or destruction of vendor-owned property that occurs in the well hole (except for damage that occurs when a vendor is performing work on a footage, rather than day work, basis) or as a result of the use of equipment, certain corrosive fluids, additives, chemicals or proppants. however, despite this general allocation of risk, we might not succeed in enforcing such contractual allocation, might incur an unforeseen liability falling outside the scope of such allocation or may be required to enter into contractual arrangements with terms that vary from the above allocations of risk. as a result, we may incur substantial losses which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
in accordance with what we believe to be customary industry practice, we historically have maintained insurance against some, but not all, of our business risks. our insurance may not be adequate to cover any losses or liabilities we may suffer. also, insurance may no longer be available to us or, if it is, its availability may be at premium levels that do not justify its purchase. the occurrence of a significant uninsured claim, a claim in excess of the insurance coverage limits maintained by us or a claim at a time when we are not able to obtain liability insurance could have a material adverse effect on our ability to conduct normal business operations and on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flow. in addition, we may not be able to secure additional insurance or bonding that might be required by new governmental regulations. this may cause us to restrict our operations, which might severely impact our financial position. we may also be liable for environmental damage caused by previous owners of properties purchased by us, which liabilities may not be covered by insurance.
since hydraulic fracturing activities are part of our operations, we maintain insurance to protect against claims made for bodily injury and property damage, and that insurance includes coverage for clean-up costs stemming from a sudden and accidental pollution event. however, we may not have coverage if we are unaware of the pollution event and unable to report the "occurrence" to our insurance company within the time frame required under our insurance policy. we have limited coverage for gradual, long-term pollution events. in addition, these policies do not provide coverage for all liabilities, and we cannot assure you that the insurance coverage will be adequate to cover claims that may arise, or that we will be able to maintain adequate insurance at rates we consider reasonable. a loss not fully covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
even when properly used and interpreted, 2-d and 3-d seismic data and visualization techniques are only tools used to assist geoscientists in identifying subsurface structures and hydrocarbon indicators and do not enable the interpreter to know whether hydrocarbons are, in fact, present in those structures. in addition, the use of 3-d seismic and other advanced technologies requires greater predrilling expenditures than traditional drilling strategies, and we could incur losses as a result of such expenditures. as a result, our drilling activities may not be successful or economical.
we may not be able to keep pace with technological developments in our industry.
the oil and natural gas industry is characterized by rapid and significant technological advancements and introductions of new products and services using new technologies. as others use or develop new technologies, we may be placed at a competitive disadvantage or may be forced by competitive pressures to implement those new technologies at substantial costs. in addition, other oil and natural gas companies may have greater financial, technical and personnel resources that allow them to enjoy technological advantages and that may in the future allow them to implement new technologies before we can. we may not be able to respond to these competitive pressures or implement new technologies on a timely basis or at an acceptable cost. if one or more of the technologies we use now or in the future were to become obsolete, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
we are subject to certain requirements of section 404 of the sarbanes-oxley act. if we fail to comply with the requirements of section 404 or if we or our auditors identify and report material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting, our investors may lose confidence in our reported information and our stock price may be negatively affected.
we are required to comply with certain provisions of section 404 of the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002, or sarbanes-oxley act. section 404 requires that we document and test our internal control over financial reporting and issue management's assessment of our internal control over financial reporting. this section also requires that our independent registered public accounting firm opine on those internal controls. if we fail to comply with the requirements of section 404 of the sarbanes-oxley act, or if we or our auditors identify and report material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting, the accuracy and timeliness of the filing of our annual and quarterly reports may be materially adversely affected and could cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our common stock. in addition, a material weakness in the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting could result in an increased chance of fraud and the loss of customers, reduce our ability to obtain financing and require additional expenditures to comply with these requirements, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
increased costs of capital could adversely affect our business.
our business could be harmed by factors such as the availability, terms and cost of capital, increases in interest rates or a reduction in our credit rating. changes in any one or more of these factors could cause our cost of doing business to increase, limit our access to capital, limit our ability to pursue acquisition opportunities, reduce our cash flows available for drilling and place us at a competitive disadvantage. continuing disruptions and volatility in the global financial markets may lead to an increase in interest rates or a contraction in credit availability impacting our ability to finance our activities. we require continued access to capital. a significant reduction in the availability of credit could materially and adversely affect our ability to achieve our planned growth and cash flows.
the results of the 2020 u.s. presidential and congressional elections may create regulatory uncertainty for the oil and natural gas industry. changes in environmental laws could increase our operating costs and adversely impact our business, financial condition and cash flows.
the results of the 2020 u.s. presidential election, as well as a closely divided congress, may create regulatory uncertainty in the oil and natural gas industry. during his first weeks in office, president biden has issued several executive orders promoting various programs and initiatives designed to, among other things, curtail climate change, control the release of methane from new and existing oil and natural gas operations, and pause new oil and natural gas leasing on public lands. it remains unclear what additional actions president biden will take and what support he will have for any potential legislative changes from congress. further, it is uncertain to what extent any new environmental laws or regulations, or any repeal of existing environmental laws or regulations, may affect our business or operations. however, such actions could significantly increase our operating costs or impair our ability to explore and develop other projects, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and cash flows.
we are heavily dependent on electrical power, internet and telecommunications infrastructure and our information systems and computer-based programs, including our well operations information, seismic data, electronic data processing and accounting data. if any of such infrastructure, systems or programs were to fail or become unavailable or compromised, or create erroneous information in our hardware or software network infrastructure, our ability to safely and effectively operate our business will be limited and any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on our business.
terrorist activities, anti-terrorist efforts and other armed conflicts involving the united states or other countries may adversely affect the united states and global economies and could prevent us from meeting our financial and other obligations. if any of these events occur, the resulting political instability and societal disruption could reduce overall demand for oil and natural gas causing a reduction in our revenues. oil and natural gas related facilities could be direct targets of terrorist attacks, and our operations could be adversely impacted if infrastructure integral to our customers' operations is destroyed or damaged. costs for insurance and other security may increase as a result of these threats, and some insurance coverage may become more difficult to obtain, if available at all.
we are subject to cyber security risks. a cyber incident could occur and result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss.
the oil and natural gas industry has become increasingly dependent on digital technologies to conduct certain exploration, development, production, and processing activities. for example, the oil and natural gas industry depends on digital technologies to interpret seismic data, manage drilling rigs, production equipment and gathering systems, conduct reservoir modeling and reserves estimation, and process and record financial and operating data. at the same time, cyber incidents, including deliberate attacks or unintentional events, have increased. the u.s. government has issued public warnings that indicate that energy assets might be specific targets of cyber security threats. our technologies, systems, networks, and those of our vendors, suppliers and other business partners, may become the target of cyberattacks or information security breaches that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of proprietary and other information, or other disruption of our business operations. in addition, certain cyber incidents, such as surveillance, may remain undetected for an extended period. our systems for protecting against cyber security risks may not be sufficient. as cyber incidents continue to evolve, we may be required to expend additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to cyber incidents. we maintain specialized insurance for possible liability resulting from a cyberattack on our assets, however, we cannot assure you that the insurance coverage will be adequate to cover claims that may arise, or that we will be able to maintain adequate insurance at rates we consider reasonable. a loss not fully covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
we have relied in the past, and we may rely from time to time in the future, on borrowings under our revolving credit facility to fund a portion of our capital expenditures. unless we are able to repay borrowings under the revolving credit facility with cash flow from operations and proceeds from equity or debt offerings, implementing our capital programs may require an increase in our total leverage through additional debt issuances. in addition, a reduction in availability under our revolving credit facility and the inability to otherwise obtain financing for our capital programs could require us to curtail our capital expenditures.
we have historically relied on availability under our revolving credit facility to fund a portion of our capital expenditures. we expect that we will continue to fund a portion of our capital expenditures with borrowings under the revolving credit facility, cash flow from operations and the proceeds from debt and equity offerings. in the past, we have created availability under the revolving credit facility by repaying outstanding borrowings with the proceeds from debt or equity offerings. we cannot assure you that we will choose to or be able to access the capital markets to repay any such future borrowings. instead, we may be required or choose to finance our capital expenditures through additional debt issuances, which would increase our total amount of debt outstanding. if the availability under the revolving credit facility were reduced, and we were otherwise unable to secure other sources of financing, we may be required to curtail our capital expenditures, which could limit our ability to fund our drilling activities and acquisitions or otherwise finance the capital expenditures necessary to replace our reserves.
our substantial level of indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under our indebtedness.
as of december 31, 2020, we had total consolidated outstanding principal indebtedness of $5.8 billion, including $4.6 billion outstanding under our senior notes and $23 million outstanding under our revolving credit facility, and we had $1.98 billion available for borrowing under our revolving credit facility. as of december 31, 2020, viper llc, one of our subsidiaries, had $84 million in outstanding borrowings, and $496 million available for borrowing, under its revolving credit facility and $480 million outstanding under its 5.375% senior notes due 2027. as of december 31, 2020, rattler llc, one of our subsidiaries, had $79 million in outstanding borrowings, and $521 million available for borrowing, under its revolving credit facility and $500 million outstanding under its 5.625% senior notes due 2025.
we may in the future incur significant additional indebtedness under our revolving credit facility or otherwise in order to make acquisitions, to develop our properties or for other purposes. our level of indebtedness could have important consequences to you and affect our operations in several ways, including the following: our high level of indebtedness could make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our debt instruments, including any repurchase obligations that may arise thereunder; a significant portion of our cash flows could be used to service our indebtedness, which could reduce the funds available to us for operations and other purposes; our high level of debt could increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; the covenants contained in the agreements governing certain of our outstanding indebtedness will limit our ability to borrow additional funds, dispose of assets, pay dividends and make certain investments; our high level of debt may place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that are less leveraged and, therefore, may be able to take advantage of opportunities that our indebtedness would prevent us from pursuing; our debt covenants may also limit management's discretion in operating our business and our flexibility in planning for, and reacting to, changes in the economy and in our industry; our high level of debt could limit our ability to access the capital markets to raise capital on favorable terms; our high level of debt may impair our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, general corporate or other purposes; and we may be vulnerable to interest rate increases, as our borrowings under our revolving credit facility are at variable interest rates.
we may still be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future, which could further exacerbate the risks that we and our subsidies face.
restrictive covenants in certain of our existing and future debt instruments may limit our ability to respond to changes in market conditions or pursue business opportunities.
certain of our debt instruments contain, and the terms of any future indebtedness may contain, restrictive covenants that limit our ability to, among other things: incur or guarantee additional indebtedness; make certain investments; create liens; sell or transfer assets; issue preferred stock; merge or consolidate with another entity; pay dividends or make other distributions; create unrestricted subsidiaries; and engage in transactions with affiliates.
under our revolving credit facility we are allowed, among other things, to designate one or more of our subsidiaries as "unrestricted subsidiaries" that are not subject to certain restrictions contained in the revolving credit facility. under our revolving credit facility, we designated viper, viper's general partner, viper's subsidiary, rattler, rattler's general partner and rattler's subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries, and upon such designation, they were automatically released from any and all obligations under the revolving credit facility, including the related guaranty. further viper, viper's general partner, viper's subsidiaries, rattler, rattler's general partner and rattler's subsidiaries are designated as unrestricted subsidiaries under the indentures governing our outstanding senior notes.
we and our subsidiaries may be prevented from taking advantage of business opportunities that arise because of the limitations imposed on us by the restrictive covenants and financial covenants contained in our and our subsidiaries' debt instruments. as an example, our revolving credit facility requires us to maintain a total net debt to capitalization ratio. the requirement that we and our subsidiaries comply with these provisions may materially adversely affect our and our subsidiaries ability to react to changes in market conditions, take advantage of business opportunities we believe to be desirable, obtain future financing, fund needed capital expenditures or withstand a continuing or future downturn in our business.
a breach of any of these restrictive covenants could result in default under the applicable debt instrument. if default occurs under our revolving credit facility, the lenders thereunder may elect to declare all borrowings outstanding, together with accrued interest and other fees, to be immediately due and payable, which would result in an event of default under the indentures governing our senior notes. the lenders will also have the right in these circumstances to terminate any commitments they have to provide further borrowings. if the indebtedness under our revolving credit facility and our senior notes were to be accelerated, we cannot assure you that our assets would be sufficient to repay in full that indebtedness.
our indebtedness is structurally subordinated to the indebtedness and other liabilities of our subsidiaries, and our obligations are not obligations of any of our subsidiaries.
our senior indebtedness obligations are obligations exclusively of diamondback energy, inc. and diamondback o&g llc, and not of any of our other subsidiaries. none of our subsidiaries is a guarantor of our senior indebtedness. any assets of our subsidiaries will not be directly available to satisfy the claims of our creditors, including lenders under our revolving credit facility and holders of the senior notes. except to the extent we are a creditor with recognized claims against our subsidiaries, all claims of creditors of our subsidiaries will have priority over our equity interests in such subsidiaries (and therefore the claims of our creditors, including lenders under our revolving credit facility and holders of the senior notes) with respect to the assets of such subsidiaries. even if we are recognized as a creditor of one or more of our subsidiaries, our claims would still be effectively subordinated to any security interests in the assets of any such subsidiary and to any indebtedness or other liabilities of any such subsidiary senior to our claims. consequently, our senior indebtedness will be structurally subordinated to all indebtedness and other liabilities of any of our subsidiaries and any subsidiaries that we may in the future acquire or establish. for additional information regarding our subsidiaries outstanding debt as of december 31, 2020, see note 11-debt to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report.
our ability to make scheduled payments of the principal, to pay interest on or to refinance our indebtedness, including our senior notes, depends on our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. our business may not generate cash flow from operations in the future sufficient to service our debt and make necessary capital expenditures. if we are unable to generate such cash flow, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as reducing or delaying capital expenditures, selling assets, restructuring debt or obtaining additional equity capital on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive. however, we cannot assure you that undertaking alternative financing plans, if necessary, would allow us to meet our debt obligations. in the absence of such cash flows, we could have substantial liquidity problems and might be required to sell material assets or operations to attempt to meet our debt service and other obligations. the indenture governing the 2025 senior notes restricts our ability to use the proceeds from asset sales. we may not be able to consummate those asset sales to raise capital or sell assets at prices that we believe are fair, and proceeds that we do receive may not be adequate to meet any debt service obligations then due. our ability to refinance our indebtedness will depend on the capital markets and our financial condition at the time. we may not be able to engage in any of these activities or engage in these activities on desirable terms, which could result in a default on our debt obligations and have an adverse effect on our financial condition.
we depend on our subsidiaries for dividends, distributions and other payments. we are a legal entity separate and distinct from our operating subsidiaries. there are statutory and regulatory limitations on the payment of dividends or distributions by certain of our subsidiaries to us. if our subsidiaries are unable to make dividend or distribution payments to us and sufficient cash or liquidity is not otherwise available, we may not be able to make dividend payments to our stockholders or principal and interest payments on our outstanding indebtedness.
we and our subsidiaries may still be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future, which could further exacerbate the risks that we and our subsidiaries face.
we and our subsidiaries may be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future. the terms of our and our subsidiaries' revolving credit facilities and the indentures restrict, but in each case do not completely prohibit, us from doing so. further, the indentures governing our and our subsidiaries' notes allow us to issue additional notes, incur certain other additional debt and to have subsidiaries that do not guarantee the senior notes and which may incur additional debt, which would be structurally senior to the senior notes. in addition, the indentures governing the senior notes do not prevent us from incurring other liabilities that do not constitute indebtedness. if we or a guarantor incur any additional indebtedness that ranks equally with the senior notes (or with the guarantees thereof), including additional unsecured indebtedness or trade payables, the holders of that indebtedness will be entitled to share ratably with holders of the senior notes in any proceeds distributed in connection with any insolvency, liquidation, reorganization, dissolution or other winding-up of us or a guarantor. if new debt or other liabilities are added to our current debt levels, the related risks that we and our subsidiaries now face could intensify.
if we experience liquidity concerns, we could face a downgrade in our debt ratings which could restrict our access to, and negatively impact the terms of, current or future financings or trade credit.
our ability to obtain financings and trade credit and the terms of any financings or trade credit is, in part, dependent on the credit ratings assigned to our debt by independent credit rating agencies. we cannot provide assurance that any of our current ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that a rating will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances so warrant. factors that may impact our credit ratings include debt levels, planned asset purchases or sales and near-term and long-term production growth opportunities, liquidity, asset quality, cost structure, product mix and commodity pricing levels. a ratings downgrade could adversely impact our ability to access financings or trade credit and increase our borrowing costs.
borrowings under our, viper llc's and rattler llc's revolving credit facilities expose us to interest rate risk.
our earnings are exposed to interest rate risk associated with borrowings under our and our subsidiaries' revolving credit facilities. the terms of our and our subsidiaries' revolving credit facilities provide for interest on borrowings at a floating rate equal to an alternate base rate tied to libor. libor tends to fluctuate based on multiple facts, including general short-term interest rates, rates set by the u.s. federal reserve and other central banks, the supply of and demand for credit in the london interbank market and general economic conditions. we use interest rate swaps to reduce interest rate exposure with respect to our floating rate debt. our weighted average interest rate on borrowings under our revolving credit facility was 2.02% during the year ended december 31, 2020. viper llc's weighted average interest rate on borrowings from its revolving credit facility was 2.20% during the year ended december 31, 2020. rattler llc's weighted average interest rate on borrowings from its revolving credit facility was 2.10% during the year ended december 31, 2020. if interest rates increase, so will our interest costs, which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
on july 27, 2017, the u.k. financial conduct authority (the authority that regulates libor) announced that it intends to stop compelling banks to submit rates for the calculation of libor after 2021. it is unclear whether new methods of calculating libor will be established or if libor will continue to exist after 2021. the u.s. federal reserve, in conjunction with the alternative reference rates committee, is considering replacing u.s. dollar libor with a newly created index. it is not possible to predict the effect of these changes, other reforms or the establishment of alternative reference rates in the united states or elsewhere.
risks related to our common stock the corporate opportunity provisions in our certificate of incorporation could enable affiliates of ours to benefit from corporate opportunities that might otherwise be available to us.
subject to the limitations of applicable law, our certificate of incorporation, among other things; permits us to enter into transactions with entities in which one or more of our officers or directors are financially or otherwise interested; permits any of our stockholders, officers or directors to conduct business that competes with us and to make investments in any kind of property in which we may make investments; and provides that if any director or officer of one of our affiliates who is also one of our officers or directors becomes aware of a potential business opportunity, transaction or other matter (other than one expressly offered to that director or officer in writing solely in his or her capacity as our director or officer), that director or officer will have no duty to communicate or offer that opportunity to us, and will be permitted to communicate or offer that opportunity to such affiliates and that director or officer will not be deemed to have (i) acted in a manner inconsistent with his or her fiduciary or other duties to us regarding the opportunity or (ii) acted in bad faith or in a manner inconsistent with our best interests.
these provisions create the possibility that a corporate opportunity that would otherwise be available to us may be used for the benefit of one of our affiliates.
we have engaged in the past and may in the future engage in transactions with our affiliates. the terms of such transactions and the resolution of any conflicts that may arise may not always be in our or our stockholders' best interests.
in the past, we have engaged in transactions with affiliated companies and may do so again in the future. these transactions, and the resolution of any conflicts that may arise in connection with such related party transactions, including pricing, duration or other terms of service, may not always be in our or our stockholders' best interests.
although our common stock is listed on the nasdaq global select market, we cannot assure you that an active public market will continue for our common stock. if an active public market for our common stock does not continue, the trading price and liquidity of our common stock will be materially and adversely affected. if there is a thin trading market or "float" for our stock, the market price for our common stock may fluctuate significantly more than the stock market as a whole. without a large float, our common stock would be less liquid than the stock of companies with broader public ownership and, as a result, the trading prices of our common stock may be more volatile. in addition, in the absence of an active public trading market, investors may be unable to liquidate their investment in us. furthermore, the stock market is subject to significant price and volume fluctuations, and the price of our common stock could fluctuate widely in response to several factors, including; our quarterly or annual operating results; changes in our earnings estimates; investment recommendations by securities analysts following our business or our industry; additions or departures of key personnel; changes in the business, earnings estimates or market perceptions of our competitors; our failure to achieve operating results consistent with securities analysts' projections; changes in industry, general market or economic conditions; and announcements of legislative or regulatory changes.
the stock market has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations in recent years that have significantly affected the quoted prices of the securities of many companies, including companies in our industry. the changes often appear to occur without regard to specific operating performance. the price of our common stock could fluctuate based upon factors that have little or nothing to do with our company and these fluctuations could materially reduce our stock price.
the declaration of dividends and any repurchases of our common stock are each within the discretion of our board of directors based upon a review of relevant considerations, and there is no guarantee that we will pay any dividends on or repurchase shares of our common stock in the future or at levels anticipated by our stockholders.
on february 13, 2018, we initiated payment of quarterly cash dividends on our common stock payable beginning with the first quarter of 2018. the decision to pay any future dividends, however, is solely within the discretion of, and subject to approval by, our board of directors. our board of directors' determination with respect to any such dividends, including the record date, the payment date and the actual amount of the dividend, will depend upon our profitability and financial condition, contractual restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable law and other factors that the board deems relevant at the time of such determination. based on its evaluation of these factors, the board of directors may determine not to declare a dividend, or declare dividends at rates that are less than currently anticipated, either of which could reduce returns to our stockholders.
a change of control could limit our use of net operating losses.
as of december 31, 2020, we had a net operating loss, or nol, carry forward of approximately $2.3 billion for federal income tax purposes. if we were to experience an "ownership change," as determined under section 382 of the code, our ability to offset taxable income arising after the ownership change with nols generated prior to the ownership change would be limited, possibly substantially. in general, an ownership change would establish an annual limitation on the amount of our pre-change nols that we could utilize to offset our taxable income in any future taxable year to an amount generally equal to the value of our stock immediately prior to the ownership change multiplied by an interest rate periodically promulgated by the irs referred to as the long-term tax-exempt rate. in general, an ownership change will occur if there is a cumulative increase in the ownership of our stock totaling more than 50 percentage points by one or more "5% shareholders" (as defined in the code) at any time during a rolling three-year period.
if securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, if they adversely change their recommendations regarding our stock or if our operating results do not meet their expectations, our stock price could decline.
the trading market for our common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business. if one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. moreover, if one or more of the analysts who cover our company downgrade our stock or if our operating results do not meet their expectations, our stock price could decline.
our certificate of incorporation authorizes us to issue, without the approval of our stockholders, one or more classes or series of preferred stock having such designations, preferences, limitations and relative rights, including preferences over our common stock respecting dividends and distributions, as our board of directors may determine. the terms of one or more classes or series of preferred stock could adversely impact the voting power or value of our common stock. for example, we might grant holders of preferred stock the right to elect some number of our directors in all events or on the happening of specified events or the right to veto specified transactions. similarly, the repurchase or redemption rights or liquidation preferences we might assign to holders of preferred stock could affect the residual value of the common stock.
provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and delaware law make it more difficult to effect a change in control of the company, which could adversely affect the price of our common stock.
the existence of some provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and delaware corporate law could delay or prevent a change in control of our company, even if that change would be beneficial to our stockholders. our certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that may make acquiring control of our company difficult, including; provisions regulating the ability of our stockholders to nominate directors for election or to bring matters for action at annual meetings of our stockholders; limitations on the ability of our stockholders to call a special meeting and act by written consent; the ability of our board of directors to adopt, amend or repeal bylaws, and the requirement that the affirmative vote of holders representing at least 66 2/3% of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock be obtained for stockholders to amend our bylaws; the requirement that the affirmative vote of holders representing at least 66 2/3% of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock be obtained to remove directors; the requirement that the affirmative vote of holders representing at least 66 2/3% of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock be obtained to amend our certificate of incorporation; and the authorization given to our board of directors to issue and set the terms of preferred stock without the approval of our stockholders.
these provisions also could discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for you and other stockholders to elect directors and take other corporate actions. as a result, these provisions could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if doing so would benefit our stockholders, which may limit the price that investors are willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this annual report. the following discussion contains "forward-looking statements" that reflect our future plans, estimates, beliefs, and expected performance. actual results and the timing of events may differ materially from those contained in these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors. see item 1a. "risk factors" and "cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements."
overview we operate in two operating segments: (i) the upstream segment, which is engaged in the acquisition, development, exploration and exploitation of unconventional, onshore oil and natural gas reserves primarily in the permian basin in west texas and (ii) through our subsidiary, rattler, the midstream operations segment, which is focused on ownership, operation, development and acquisition of the midstream infrastructure assets in the midland and delaware basins of the permian basin.
upstream operations in our upstream segment, our activities are primarily directed at the horizontal development of the wolfcamp and spraberry formations in the midland basin and the wolfcamp and bone spring formations in the delaware basin. we intend to continue to develop our reserves and increase production through development drilling and exploitation and exploration activities on our multi-year inventory of identified potential drilling locations and through acquisitions that meet our strategic and financial objectives, targeting oil-weighted reserves.
in addition, our publicly traded subsidiary viper owns mineral interests underlying approximately 787,264 gross acres and 24,350 net royalty acres in the permian basin and eagle ford shale. approximately 52% of these net royalty acres are operated by us.
midstream operations in our midstream operations segment, rattler's crude oil infrastructure assets consist of gathering pipelines and metering facilities, which collectively gather crude oil for its customers. rattler's facilities gather crude oil from horizontal and vertical wells in our reward, spanish trail, pecos and fivestones areas within the permian basin. rattler's natural gas gathering and compression system consists of gathering pipelines, compression and metering facilities, which collectively service the production from our pecos area assets within the permian basin. rattler's water sourcing and distribution assets consists of water wells, frac pits, pipelines and water treatment facilities, which collectively gather and distribute water from permian basin aquifers to the drilling and completion sites through buried pipelines and temporary surface pipelines. rattler's gathering and disposal system spans approximately 517 miles and consists of gathering pipelines along with produced water disposal, or pwd, wells and facilities which collectively gather and dispose of produced water from operations throughout our permian basin acreage.
we have entered into multiple fee-based commercial agreements with rattler, each with an initial term ending in 2034, utilizing rattler's infrastructure assets or its planned infrastructure assets to provide an array of essential services critical to our upstream operations in the delaware and midland basins. our agreements with rattler include substantial acreage dedications.
2020 transactions and recent developments covid-19 and collapse in commodity prices on march 11, 2020, the world health organization characterized the global outbreak of the novel strain of coronavirus, covid-19, as a "pandemic." to limit the spread of covid-19, governments have taken various actions including the issuance of stay-at-home orders and social distancing guidelines, causing some businesses to suspend operations and a reduction in demand for many products from direct or ultimate customers. although many stay-at-home orders have expired and certain restrictions on conducting business have been lifted, the covid-19 pandemic resulted in a widespread health crisis and a swift and unprecedented reduction in international and u.s. economic activity which, in turn, has adversely affected the demand for oil and natural gas and caused significant volatility and disruption of the financial markets.
in early march 2020, oil prices dropped sharply and continued to decline reaching negative levels. during 2020, the posted price for the wti price for crude oil ranged from $(37.63) to $63.27 per barrel, or bbl, and the nymex henry hub price of natural gas ranged from $1.48 to $3.35 per mmbtu. on january 29, 2021, the nymex wti price for crude oil was $52.20 per bbl and the nymex henry hub price of natural gas was $2.56 per mmbtu. in response to recent volatility in commodity prices, many producers have reduced their capital expenditure budgets. this was a result of multiple factors affecting the supply and demand in global oil and natural gas markets, including actions taken by opec members and other exporting nations impacting commodity price and production levels and a significant decrease in demand due to the ongoing covid-19 pandemic. while opec members and certain other nations agreed in april 2020 to cut production and subsequently extended such production cuts through december 2020, which helped to reduce a portion of the excess supply in the market and improve crude oil prices, they agreed to increase production by 500,000 barrels per day beginning in january 2021. we cannot predict if or when commodity prices will stabilize and at what levels.
as a result of the reduction in crude oil demand caused by factors discussed above, in 2020, we lowered our 2020 capital budgets and production guidance, curtailed near term production and reduced rig count, all of which may be subject to further reductions or curtailment if the commodity markets and macroeconomic conditions worsen. although we have restored curtailed production, actions taken in response to the covid-19 pandemic and depressed commodity pricing environment have had and are expected to continue to have an adverse effect on our business, financial results and cash flows.
in addition, as a result of the sharp decline in commodity prices in early march 2020, and the continued depressed oil pricing throughout the second and third quarters of 2020, we recorded $6.0 billion of aggregate non-cash ceiling test impairments for the year ended december 31, 2020. these impairment charges adversely affected our results of operations but did not reduce our cash flows. if the trailing 12-month commodity prices continue to fall as compared to the commodity prices used in prior quarters, we will have material write downs in subsequent quarters. our production, proved reserves and cash flows will also be adversely impacted. our results of operations may be further adversely impacted by any government rule, regulation or order that may impose production limits, as well as pipeline capacity and storage constraints, in the permian basin where we operate.
given the dynamic nature of these events, we cannot reasonably estimate the period of time that the covid-19 pandemic, the depressed commodity prices and the adverse macroeconomic conditions will persist, the full extent of the impact they will have on our industry and our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows, or the pace or extent of any subsequent recovery.
pending merger with qep resources, inc.
on december 20, 2020, we, qep and the merger sub, entered into the merger agreement under which the merger sub will be merged with and into qep, with qep surviving as our wholly owned subsidiary. if the pending merger is completed, each qep stockholder will receive, in exchange for each share of qep common stock held by such stockholder immediately prior to the closing of the pending merger, 0.050 of a share of our common stock. the completion of the pending merger is subject to satisfaction or waiver of certain customary mutual closing conditions, including the receipt of the required approvals from qep's stockholders. the pending merger is expected to close shortly following the special meeting of the qep stockholders, which is scheduled for march 16, 2021, subject to qep stockholder approval and other customary closing conditions. see "items 1 and 2. business and properties-overview-pending merger with qep resources, inc." for additional information regarding the pending merger.
•lower 2021 reinvestment ratio and enhance ability to generate free cash flow, de-lever and return capital to our stockholders; and
•realize significant, tangible annual synergies of $60 to $80 million comprised of general and administrative expense savings, cost of capital and interest expense savings, improved capital efficiency from high-graded development of combined acreage, physical adjacencies to increase lateral lengths and significant adjacent permian basin midstream assets.
in addition, we expect to maintain our investment grade credit ratings following the completion of the pending merger.
pending guidon acquisition on december 18, 2020, we entered into a definitive purchase and sale agreement with guidon and certain of guidon's affiliates to acquire approximately 32,500 net acres in the northern midland basin and certain related oil and natural gas assets, which we refer to as the pending guidon acquisition. consideration for the pending guidon acquisition consists of $375 million in cash and 10.6 million shares of our common stock, subject to adjustment. the cash portion of this transaction is expected to be funded through a combination of cash on hand and borrowings under our credit facility. the pending guidon acquisition is expected to close on february 26, 2021.
implementation of viper's common unit repurchase program on november 6, 2020, the board of directors of viper's general partner approved an expansion of viper's return of capital program with the implementation of a common unit repurchase program to acquire up to $100 million of viper's outstanding common units through december 31, 2021. during the year ended december 31, 2020, viper repurchased approximately $24 million of its common units under its repurchase program. as of december 31, 2020, $76 million remained available for use to repurchase common units under viper's common unit repurchase program.
implementation of rattler's common unit repurchase program on october 29, 2020, the board of directors of rattler's general partner approved a common unit repurchase program to acquire up to $100 million of rattler's outstanding common units through december 31, 2021. during the year ended december 31, 2020, rattler repurchased approximately $15 million of its common stock under its repurchase program. as of december 31, 2020, $85 million remained available for use to repurchase common units under rattler's common unit repurchase program.
may 2020 notes offering on may 26, 2020, we completed a notes offering of $500 million in aggregate principal amount of our 4.750% senior notes due 2025, which we refer to as the may 2020 notes. we received net proceeds of approximately $496 million from the offering of the may 2020 notes which we used to, among other things, make an equity contribution to energen to purchase $209 million in aggregate principal amount of energen's 4.625% senior notes pursuant to a tender offer. for additional information regarding this notes offering, see "-liquidity and capital resources-indebtedness-the may 2020 notes and tender offer for energen's 4.625% senior notes and repurchase of energen's 7.35% medium-term notes" below.
rattler notes offering on july 14, 2020, rattler completed an offering, which we refer to as the rattler notes offering, of its 5.625% senior notes due 2025 in the aggregate principal amount of $500 million, which we refer to as the rattler notes. rattler received net proceeds of approximately $490 million from the rattler notes offering and loaned the gross proceeds of the rattler notes offering to rattler llc to pay down borrowings under its revolving credit facility. for additional information regarding the rattler notes offering, see "-liquidity and capital resources-indebtedness-rattler's notes" below.
operational update our development program is focused entirely within the permian basin, where we continue to focus on long-lateral multi-well pad development. our horizontal development consists of multiple targeted intervals, primarily within the wolfcamp and spraberry formations in the midland basin and the wolfcamp and bone springs formations in the delaware basin.
as of december 31, 2020, we were operating eight drilling rigs and currently intend to operate between eight and 12 drilling rigs in 2021 on average across our current acreage position in the midland and delaware basins.
in the midland basin, we continued to have positive results across our core development areas located within midland, martin, howard, glasscock and andrews counties, where development has primarily focused on drilling long-lateral, multi-well pads targeting the spraberry and wolfcamp formations.
in the delaware basin, we have now drilled and completed a significant number of wells in pecos, reeves and ward counties targeting the wolfcamp a, which we believe has been de-risked across a significant portion of our total acreage position and remains our primary development target. in 2021, we expect to focus development on these areas.
in the fourth quarter of 2020, we executed on our business strategy, providing a foundation for continued solid operational performance in 2021. we are starting to see the benefits from our strategy to cut activity and high-grade development focusing on our most productive areas in terms of capital efficiency and early-time well performance. while the impact of the recent winter storms in the permian basin on the first quarter 2021 production is expected to be significant (ranging from four to five days of total net production lost), we expect to overcome this adverse impact for the full year 2021. well costs and cash operating costs remain near all-time lows, providing for increased returns to our stockholders as commodity prices have risen in recent months. in 2021, we intend to continue to focus on low cost operations and best in class execution and currently plan to hold our fourth quarter 2020 production flat while generating free cash flow used to pay dividends and pay down debt. to combat potential fluctuation in service costs, we have worked to implement new and more efficient drilling and completions methodologies and will continue to seek opportunities to control additional well cost where possible. our 2021 drilling and completion budget accounts for capital costs that we expect to occur during the year.
environmental responsibility initiatives and highlights in february 2021, we announced significant enhancements to our commitment to environmental, social responsibility and governance, or esg, performance and disclosure, including scope 1 and methane emission intensity reduction targets. our goals include the reduction of our scope 1 greenhouse gas intensity by at least 50% and methane intensity by at least 70%, in each case by 2024 from the 2019 levels. to further underscore our commitment to carbon neutrality, we are also implementing our "net zero now" initiative under which, effective january 1, 2021, every hydrocarbon molecule we produce is anticipated to be produced with zero scope 1 emissions. to the extent our greenhouse gas and methane intensity targets do not eliminate our carbon footprint, we intend to purchase carbon credits to offset the remaining emissions. we also plan to increase the weighting of esg metrics in our annual short-term incentive compensation plan to motivate our executives to advance our environmental responsibility goals.
with respect to flaring, we flared 0.9% of our gross natural gas production in the fourth quarter of 2020. for the full year ended 2020, we flared 2.0% of our gross natural gas production, down 64% from 2019.
2021 capital budget we have currently budgeted 2021 total capital spend of $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion, consisting of $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion for horizontal drilling and completions including non-operated activity, $60 million to $80 million for midstream investments, excluding joint venture investments, and $70 million to $90 million for infrastructure and other expenditures, excluding the cost of any leasehold and mineral interest acquisitions. we expect to drill and complete 215 to 235 gross horizontal wells in 2021. should commodity prices weaken, we intend to act responsibly and, consistent with our prior practices, reduce capital spending. if commodity prices strengthen, we intend to grow oil production within our 2021 budget, pay down indebtedness and return cash to our stockholders.
results of operations for a discussion of the results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2018, please refer to "part ii, item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019 (filed with the sec on february 27, 2020), which discussion is incorporated in this report by reference from such prior report on form 10-k. the following table sets forth selected historical operating data for the periods indicated:
(1)hedged prices reflect the effect of our commodity derivative transactions on our average sales prices and include gains and losses on cash settlements for matured commodity derivatives, which we do not designate for hedge accounting. hedged prices exclude gains or losses resulting from the early settlement of commodity derivative contracts.
our oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids revenues decreased by approximately $1.1 billion, or 29%, to $2.8 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020 from $3.9 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019, largely attributable to lower oil average sales prices resulting from the impact of the covid-19 pandemic and other volatility in global commodity prices as discussed in "-covid-19 and collapse in commodity prices" above.
our midstream services revenue represents fees charged to our joint interest owners and third parties for the transportation of oil and natural gas along with water gathering and related disposal facilities. midstream services revenue decreased by $14 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2019 primarily due to a reduction in sourced water volumes due to the lower level of drilling and completion activity in 2020.
lease operating expenses for the year ended december 31, 2020 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2019 decreased by $65 million, or $0.87 per boe. lease operating expenses decreased due to a reduction in work over and well maintenance activity through overall efficiencies gained, as well as improvements in infrastructure which reduced power generation costs and trucking fees. in addition to these efficiencies we have seen a reduction in service pricing in 2020, driven by the reduction in current industry activity levels. we expect service pricing may increase in future periods, particularly if current industry activity levels increase.
in general, production taxes are directly related to production revenues and are based upon current year commodity prices. production taxes for the year ended december 31, 2020 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2019 decreased by $49 million, or $0.55 per boe, due to current year commodity prices. production taxes as a percentage of production revenues remained consistent for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019.
for the year ended december 31, 2020, the per boe increases for gathering and transportation expenses are primarily attributable to recording minimum volume commitment fees in 2020, as well as an increase in fees for our gas production and an overall change in our product mix, with gas and natural gas liquids production becoming a greater percentage of overall production.
midstream services expense represents costs incurred to operate and maintain our oil and natural gas gathering and transportation systems, natural gas lift, compression infrastructure and water transportation facilities. midstream services expense for the year ended december 31, 2020 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2019 increased by $14 million primarily due to increased volume and build out of the rattler systems.
impairment of oil and natural gas properties. as a result of the decline in commodity prices during 2020 and 2019, we recorded non-cash ceiling test impairments for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019 of $6.0 billion and $790 million, respectively, which is included in accumulated depletion, depreciation, amortization and impairment on our consolidated balance sheet. the impairment charges affected our results of operations but did not reduce cash flow. in addition to commodity prices, our production rates, levels of proved reserves, future development costs, transfers of unevaluated properties and other factors will determine our actual ceiling test calculation and impairment analysis in future periods. if the trailing 12-month commodity prices continue to fall as compared to the commodity prices used in prior quarters, we will continue to have material write-downs in subsequent quarters.
our earnings are affected by the changes in value of our derivatives portfolio between periods and the related cash settlements of those derivatives. to the extent the future commodity price outlook declines between measurement periods, we will have mark-to-market gains; while to the extent future commodity price outlook increases between measurement periods, we will have mark-to-market losses.
net cash received (paid) on settlements of derivative instruments for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019 include cash received on contracts terminated prior to their contractual maturity of $17 million related to commodity contracts and $43 million related to interest rate swap contracts, respectively.
provision for (benefit from) income taxes. the following table shows the provision for (benefit from) income taxes for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019:
provision for (benefit from) income taxes       $(1,104)                          $47
liquidity and capital resources historically, our primary sources of liquidity have been cash flows from operations, proceeds from our public equity offerings, borrowings under our revolving credit facility and proceeds from the issuance of the senior notes. our primary uses of capital have been for the acquisition, development and exploration of oil and natural gas properties.
as we pursue our business and financial strategy, we regularly consider which capital resources, including cash flow and equity and debt financings, are available to meet our future financial obligations, planned capital expenditure activities and liquidity requirements. our future ability to grow proved reserves and production will be highly dependent on the capital resources available to us. continued prolonged volatility in the capital, financial and/or credit markets due to the covid-19 pandemic, the depressed commodity markets and/or adverse macroeconomic conditions may limit our access to, or increase our cost of, capital or make capital unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all.
liquidity and cash flow our cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019 are presented below:
net cash provided by (used in) operating activities            $2,118                          $2,739
net cash provided by (used in) investing activities           (2,101)                         (3,888)
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities              (37)                           1,062
operating activities our operating cash flow is sensitive to many variables, the most significant of which is the volatility of prices for the oil and natural gas we produce. prices for these commodities are determined primarily by prevailing market conditions. regional and worldwide economic activity, weather and other substantially variable factors influence market conditions for these products. these factors are beyond our control and are difficult to predict. see "-sources of our revenue" and item 1a. "risk factors" above.
net cash provided by operating activities decreased to $2.1 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020 as compared to $2.7 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019, primarily due to a decline in our oil and natural gas revenues, which was partially offset by a decrease in lease operating expenses and other operating expenses and an increase in cash received on settlements of our derivative contracts.
investing activities the purchase and development of oil and natural gas properties and related assets, and contributions to our equity method investments accounted for the majority of our $2.1 billion and $3.9 billion in cash outlays for investing activities during the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
contributions to equity method investments decreased to $102 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 as compared to $485 million for the year ended december 31, 2019 as construction of both the epic pipeline and gray oak pipeline, which required substantial capital in 2019, was completed during april 2020. as of december 31, 2020, rattler's anticipated future capital commitments for its equity method investments total $72 million in the aggregate. for additional information regarding our equity method investments, see note 10-equity method investments included in notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report.
capital expenditure activities our capital expenditures excluding acquisitions and equity method investments (on a cash basis) were as follows for the specified period:
drilling, completions and non-operated additions to oil and natural gas properties(1)(2)           $1,611                          $2,557
infrastructure additions to oil and natural gas properties                                            108                             120
additions to midstream assets                                                                         140                             244
(1) during the year ended december 31, 2020, in conjunction with our development program, we drilled 208 gross (195 net) operated horizontal wells, of which 75 gross (70 net) wells were in the delaware basin and the remaining wells were in the midland basin, and turned 171 gross (159 net) operated horizontal wells to production, of which 78 gross (74 net) wells were in the delaware basin and the remaining wells were in the midland basin.
(2) during the year ended december 31, 2019, in conjunction with our development program, we drilled 330 gross (296 net) operated horizontal wells, of which 159 gross (142 net) wells were in the delaware basin and the remaining wells were in the midland basin, and turned 317 gross (289 net) operated horizontal wells to production, of which 139 gross (126 net) wells were in the delaware basin and the remaining wells were in the midland basin.
financing activities during the year ended december 31, 2020, the amount used in financing activities was primarily attributable to $348 million of repayments, net of borrowings, on our credit facilities, $239 million in aggregate repayments on the energen notes and viper notes, $236 million in dividends paid to stockholders, $98 million of share repurchases as part of our stock repurchase program, and $93 million in distributions to non-controlling interest. these cash outlays were partially offset by net proceeds of $997 million from the issuance of the may 2020 notes and the rattler notes during 2020.
during the year ended december 31, 2019, the amount provided by financing activities was primarily attributable to $341 million in net proceeds from viper's public offering completed on march 1, 2019, $720 million in net proceeds from the rattler offering, $39 million in proceeds from joint ventures and $2.2 billion in proceeds from the december 2019 notes, net of repayments, partially offset by $1.4 billion of repayments, net of borrowings, under our credit facility, $44 million of premium on debt extinguishment, $122 million of distributions to our non-controlling interest, $13 million of share repurchases for tax withholdings, $593 million of share repurchases as part of our stock repurchase program and $112 million of dividends to stockholders.
indebtedness second amended and restated credit facility at december 31, 2020, the maximum credit amount available under our credit agreement was $2.0 billion and the maturity date is november 1, 2022. as of december 31, 2020, we had approximately $23 million of outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit facility, which we believe provides ample availability for future borrowings, including funding for the cash portion of the guidon acquisition in the first quarter of 2021. as of december 31, 2020, there was an aggregate of $3 million in letters of credit outstanding under our credit agreement, which reduce available borrowings on a dollar for dollar basis. the weighted average interest rate on the credit agreement was 2.02% for the year ended december 31, 2020.
the credit agreement contains a financial covenant that requires us to maintain a total net debt to capitalization ratio (as defined in the credit agreement) of no more than 65%. our non-guarantor restricted subsidiaries may incur debt for borrowed money in an aggregate principal amount up to 15% of consolidated net tangible assets (as defined in the credit agreement) and we and our restricted subsidiaries may incur liens if the aggregate amount of debt secured by such liens does not exceed 15% of consolidated net tangible assets.
at december 31, 2020, we were in compliance with all financial maintenance covenants under the credit agreement, as then in effect. the lenders may accelerate all of the indebtedness under our revolving credit facility upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any event of default. the credit agreement contains customary events of default, including non-payment, breach of covenants, materially incorrect representations, cross-default, bankruptcy and change of control.
we used the net proceeds, among other things, to make an equity contribution to energen to purchase $209 million in aggregate principal amount of energen's 4.625% senior notes pursuant to a tender offer. as of december 31, 2020, $191 million in aggregate principal amount of energen's 4.625% senior notes remained outstanding.
for additional information, see note 11-debt included in notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report.
for additional information regarding the energen notes, see note 11-debt included in notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report.
viper's credit agreement the viper credit agreement provides for a revolving credit facility in the maximum credit amount of $2.0 billion and a borrowing base based on viper llc's oil and natural gas reserves and other factors (the "borrowing base") of $580 million, subject to scheduled semi-annual and other elective borrowing base redeterminations. the borrowing base is scheduled to be re-determined semi-annually with effective dates of may 1st and november 1st, and was reaffirmed at $580 million by the lenders during the regularly scheduled (semi-annual) fall 2020 redetermination in november 2020. as of december 31, 2020, viper llc had $84 million of outstanding borrowings and $496 million available for future borrowings under the viper credit agreement. during the year ended december 31, 2020, the weighted average interest rate on viper's revolving credit facility was 2.20%.
as of december 31, 2020, viper llc was in compliance with all financial maintenance covenants under the viper credit agreement, as then in effect.
viper's notes on october 16, 2019, viper completed an offering in which it issued its 5.375% senior notes due 2027 in aggregate principal amount of $500 million. viper received net proceeds of approximately $490 million from the notes offering and loaned the gross proceeds to viper llc to pay down borrowings under the viper credit agreement. interest on the viper notes accrues at a rate of 5.375% per annum, payable semi-annually on may 1 and november 1 of each year, commencing on may 1, 2020. the viper notes will mature on november 1, 2027.
see additional discussion in note 11-debt included in notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report.
rattler's credit agreement in connection with the rattler offering, rattler, as parent, and rattler llc, as borrower, entered into a credit agreement, dated may 28, 2019, with wells fargo bank, as administrative agent, and a syndicate of banks, as lenders party thereto, which we refer to as the rattler credit agreement.
the rattler credit agreement provides for a revolving credit facility in the maximum credit amount of $600 million and has a maturity date of may 28, 2024. as of december 31, 2020, rattler llc had $79 million of outstanding borrowings and $521 million available for future borrowings under the rattler credit agreement. during the year ended december 31, 2020, the weighted average interest rate on the rattler llc revolving credit facility was 2.10%.
as of december 31, 2020, rattler llc was in compliance with all financial maintenance covenants under the rattler credit agreement.
rattler's notes on july 14, 2020, rattler completed an offering of $500 million in aggregate principal amount of its 5.625% senior notes due 2025, or the rattler notes offering. interest on the rattler notes is payable on january 15 and july 15 of each year, beginning on january 15, 2021. the rattler notes mature on july 15, 2025. rattler received net proceeds of approximately $490 million from the rattler notes offering. rattler loaned the gross proceeds to rattler llc under the terms of a subordinated promissory note, dated as of july 14, 2020. the promissory note requires rattler llc to repay the intercompany loan to rattler on the same terms and in the same amounts as the rattler notes and has the same maturity date, interest rate, change of control repurchase and redemption provisions. rattler llc used the proceeds from the rattler notes offering to repay a portion of the outstanding borrowings under the rattler credit agreement.
for additional information regarding our indebtedness, see note 11-debt included in notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report.
capital requirements and sources of liquidity our board of directors approved a 2021 capital budget for drilling, midstream and infrastructure of $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion, representing a decrease of 50% from our 2020 capital budget. we estimate that, of these expenditures, approximately:
•$1.2 billion to $1.4 billion will be spent on drilling and completing 215 to 235 gross (197 to 215 net) horizontal wells across our operated leasehold acreage in the northern midland and southern delaware basins, with an average lateral length of approximately 10,100 feet;
•$70 million to $90 million will be spent on infrastructure and other expenditures, excluding the cost of any leasehold and mineral interest acquisitions.
we do not have a specific acquisition budget since the timing and size of acquisitions cannot be accurately forecasted.
during the year ended december 31, 2020, we spent $1.6 billion on drilling and completion, $140 million on midstream, $108 million on infrastructure and $58 million on non-operated properties, for total capital expenditures of $1.9 billion.
the amount and timing of our capital expenditures are largely discretionary and within our control. we could choose to defer a portion of these planned capital expenditures depending on a variety of factors, including but not limited to the success of our drilling activities, prevailing and anticipated prices for oil and natural gas, the availability of necessary equipment, infrastructure and capital, the receipt and timing of required regulatory permits and approvals, seasonal conditions, drilling and acquisition costs and the level of participation by other interest owners. we are currently operating eight drilling rigs and nine completion crews. we will continue monitoring commodity prices and overall market conditions and can adjust our rig cadence up or down in response to changes in commodity prices and overall market conditions.
based upon current oil and natural gas prices and production expectations for 2021, we believe our cash flows from operations, cash on hand and borrowings under our revolving credit facility will be sufficient to fund our operations through year-end 2021. however, future cash flows are subject to a number of variables, including the level of oil and natural gas production and prices, and significant additional capital expenditures will be required to more fully develop our properties. further, our 2021 capital expenditure budget does not allocate any funds for leasehold interest and property acquisitions.
we monitor and adjust our projected capital expenditures in response to the results of our drilling activities, changes in prices, availability of financing, drilling and acquisition costs, industry conditions, the timing of regulatory approvals, the availability of rigs, contractual obligations, internally generated cash flow and other factors both within and outside our control. if we require additional capital, we may seek such capital through traditional reserve base borrowings, joint venture partnerships, production payment financing, asset sales, offerings of debt and or equity securities or other means. we cannot assure you that the needed capital will be available on acceptable terms or at all. if we are unable to obtain funds when needed or on acceptable terms, we may be required to curtail our drilling programs, which could result in a loss of acreage through lease expirations. in addition, we may not be able to complete acquisitions that may be favorable to us or finance the capital expenditures necessary to replace our reserves. if there is a decline in commodity prices, our revenues, cash flows, results of operations, liquidity and reserves may be materially and adversely affected.
guarantees are "full and unconditional," as that term is used in regulation s-x, rule 3-10(b)(3), except that such guarantees will be released or terminated in certain circumstances set forth in the december 2019 notes indenture and the 2025 indenture, such as, with certain exceptions, (1) in the event diamondback o&g llc (or all or substantially all of its assets) is sold or disposed of, (2) in the event diamondback o&g llc ceases to be a guarantor of or otherwise be an obligor under certain other indebtedness, and (3) in connection with any covenant defeasance, legal defeasance or satisfaction and discharge of the relevant indenture.
diamondback o&g llc's guarantees of the december 2019 notes, the may 2020 notes and the 2025 senior notes are senior unsecured obligations and rank senior in right of payment to any of its future subordinated indebtedness, equal in right of payment with all of its existing and future senior indebtedness, including its obligations under its revolving credit facility, and effectively subordinated to any of its existing and future secured indebtedness, to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such indebtedness.
the rights of holders of the senior notes against diamondback o&g llc may be limited under the u.s. bankruptcy code or state fraudulent transfer or conveyance law. each guarantee contains a provision intended to limit diamondback o&g llc's liability to the maximum amount that it could incur without causing the incurrence of obligations under its guarantee to be a fraudulent conveyance. however, there can be no assurance as to what standard a court will apply in making a determination of the maximum liability of diamondback o&g llc. moreover, this provision may not be effective to protect the guarantee from being voided under fraudulent conveyance laws. there is a possibility that the entire guarantee may be set aside, in which case the entire liability may be extinguished.
the following tables present summarized financial information for diamondback energy, inc., as the parent, and diamondback o&g llc, as the guarantor subsidiary, on a combined basis after elimination of (i) intercompany transactions and balances between the parent and the guarantor subsidiary and (ii) equity in earnings from and investments in any subsidiary that is a non-guarantor. the information is presented in accordance with the requirements of rule 13-01 under the sec's regulation s-x. the financial information may not necessarily be indicative of results of operations or financial position had the guarantor subsidiary operated as an independent entity.
liabilities:
current liabilities                                                     $355
other noncurrent liabilities                                            $886
contractual obligations the following table summarizes our contractual obligations and commitments as of december 31, 2020:
secured revolving credit facility(1)                          $-                     $23                         $-                         $-                        $23
viper's secured revolving credit facility(1)                   -                      84                          -                          -                         84
rattler's secured revolving credit facility(1)                 -                       -                         79                          -                         79
drilling commitments(4)                                       29                       -                          -                          -                         29
transportation commitments                                    60                     111                         95                        133                        399
equity method investment capital contributions(5)             57                      15                          -                          -                         72
produced water disposal commitments                            5                       9                          9                         33                         56
(1)includes the outstanding principal amount under the revolving credit facilities, the table does not include commitment fees, interest expense or other fees payable under this floating rate facility as we cannot predict the timing of future borrowings and repayments or interest rates to be charged.
(3)amounts represent our estimates of future asset retirement obligations. because these costs typically extend many years into the future, estimating these future costs requires management to make estimates and judgments that are subject to future revisions based upon numerous factors, including the rate of inflation, changing technology and the political and regulatory environment. see note 9-asset retirement obligations in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report.
(4)drilling commitments represent future minimum expenditure commitments for drilling rig services under contracts to which the company was a party on december 31, 2020.
(5)timing of when capital commitments will be requested can vary.
(6)operating lease obligations represent future commitments for building, equipment and vehicle leases.
the table above does not include estimated deficiency fees related to certain volume commitments as they are based off future volume deliveries and differences from market pricing which we cannot predict.
critical accounting policies and estimates the discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states.
certain amounts included in or affecting our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures must be estimated by our management, requiring certain assumptions to be made with respect to values or conditions that cannot be known with certainty at the time the consolidated financial statements are prepared. these estimates and assumptions affect the amounts we report for assets and liabilities and our disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements. critical accounting policies cover accounting estimates that are inherently uncertain because the future resolution of such matters is unknown and actual results could differ from those estimates.
any effects on our business, financial position or results of operations resulting from revisions to these estimates are recorded in the period in which the facts that give rise to the revision become known. significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include (i) the method of accounting for our oil and natural gas properties, (ii) estimates of proved oil and gas reserves and related present value estimates of future net cash flows therefrom, (iii) impairments of the carrying value of oil and natural gas properties, (iv) fair value estimates of commodity derivatives and (v) estimates of income taxes.
method of accounting for oil and natural gas properties we account for our oil and natural gas producing activities using the full cost method of accounting. accordingly, all costs incurred in the acquisition, exploration and development of proved oil and natural gas properties, including the costs of abandoned properties, dry holes, geophysical costs and annual lease rentals are capitalized. we also capitalize direct operating costs for services performed with internally owned drilling and well servicing equipment. internal costs capitalized to the full cost pool represent management's estimate of costs incurred directly related to exploration and development activities such as geological and other administrative costs associated with overseeing the exploration and development activities. all internal costs unrelated to drilling activities are expensed as incurred. sales or other dispositions of oil and natural gas properties are accounted for as adjustments to capitalized costs, with no gain or loss recorded unless the ratio of cost to proved reserves would significantly change. income from services provided to working interest owners of properties in which we also own an interest, to the extent they exceed related costs incurred, are accounted for as reductions of capitalized costs of oil and natural gas properties.
depletion of evaluated oil and natural gas properties is computed on the units of production method, whereby capitalized costs plus estimated future development costs are amortized over total proved reserves. if our production remains at approximately the same level from year to year, depletion expense may be significantly different if our estimate of remaining reserves or future development costs changes significantly.
costs associated with unevaluated properties are excluded from the full cost pool until we have made a determination as to the existence of proved reserves. we assess all items classified as unevaluated property on an annual basis for possible impairment. we assess properties on an individual basis or as a group if properties are individually insignificant. the assessment includes consideration of the following factors, among others: intent to drill; remaining lease term; geological and geophysical evaluations; drilling results and activity; the assignment of proved reserves; and the economic viability of development if proved reserves are assigned. during any period in which these factors indicate an impairment, the cumulative drilling costs incurred to date for such property and all or a portion of the associated leasehold costs are transferred to the full cost pool and are then subject to amortization.
oil and natural gas reserve quantities and standardized measure of future net revenue our independent engineers and technical staff prepare our estimates of oil and natural gas reserves and associated future net revenues. the sec has defined proved reserves as the estimated quantities of oil and natural gas which geological and engineering data demonstrate with reasonable certainty to be recoverable in future years from known reservoirs under existing economic and operating conditions. the process of estimating oil and natural gas reserves is complex, requiring significant decisions in the evaluation of available geological, geophysical, engineering and economic data. the data for a given property may also change substantially over time as a result of numerous factors, including additional development activity, evolving production history and a continual reassessment of the viability of production under changing economic conditions. as a result, material revisions to existing reserve estimates occur from time to time. although every reasonable effort is made to ensure that reserve estimates reported represent the most accurate assessments possible, the subjective decisions and variances in available data for various properties increase the likelihood of significant changes in these estimates. if such changes are material, they could significantly affect future amortization of capitalized costs and result in impairment of assets that may be material.
there are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of proved oil and natural gas reserves. oil and natural gas reserve engineering is a subjective process of estimating underground accumulations of oil and natural gas that cannot be precisely measured and the accuracy of any reserve estimate is a function of the quality of available data and of engineering and geological interpretation and judgment. results of drilling, testing and production subsequent to the date of the estimate may justify revision of such estimate. accordingly, reserve estimates are often different from the quantities of oil and natural gas that are ultimately recovered.
impairment under the full cost method of accounting, we are required to perform a ceiling test each quarter. the test determines a limit, or ceiling, on the book value of the proved oil and natural gas properties. net capitalized costs are limited to the lower of unamortized cost net of deferred income taxes, or the cost center ceiling. the cost center ceiling is defined as the sum of (a) estimated future net revenues, discounted at 10% per annum, from proved reserves, based on the trailing 12-month unweighted average of the first-day-of-the-month price, adjusted for any contract provisions and excluding the estimated abandonment costs for properties with asset retirement obligations recorded on the balance sheet, (b) the cost of properties not being amortized, if any, and (c) the lower of cost or market value of unproved properties included in the cost being amortized, including related deferred taxes for differences between the book and tax basis of the oil and natural gas properties. if the net book value, including related deferred taxes, exceeds the ceiling, an impairment or non-cash write-down is required. impairments of our evaluated oil and natural gas properties are not reversible.
derivatives from time to time, we have used energy derivatives for the purpose of mitigating the risk resulting from fluctuations in the market price of crude oil and natural gas. we exercise significant judgment in determining the types of instruments to be used, the level of production volumes to include in our commodity derivative contracts, the prices at which we enter into commodity derivative contracts and the counterparties' creditworthiness.
we have not designated our derivative instruments as hedges for accounting purposes and, as a result, mark our derivative instruments to fair value and recognize the cash and non-cash change in fair value on derivative instruments for each period in the consolidated statements of operations. we are also required to recognize our derivative instruments on the consolidated balance sheets as assets or liabilities at fair value with such amounts classified as current or long-term based on their anticipated settlement dates. the accounting for the changes in fair value of a derivative depends on the intended use of the derivative and resulting designation, and is generally determined using established index prices and other sources which are based upon, among other things, futures prices and time to maturity. these fair values are recorded by netting asset and liability positions, including any deferred premiums, that are with the same counterparty and are subject to contractual terms which provide for net settlement. changes in the fair values of our commodity derivative instruments have a significant impact on our net income because we follow mark-to-market accounting and recognize all gains and losses on such instruments in earnings in the period in which they occur.
income taxes the amount of income taxes we record requires interpretations of complex rules and regulations of federal, state, and provincial tax jurisdictions. we use the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes, under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences of (1) temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax bases of existing assets and liabilities and (2) operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. deferred income tax assets and liabilities are based on enacted tax rates applicable to the future period when those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. the effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period the rate change is enacted. a valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not the deferred tax assets will not be realized.
the accruals for deferred tax assets and liabilities are often based on assumptions that are subject to a significant amount of judgment by management. these assumptions and judgments are reviewed and adjusted as facts and circumstances change. material changes to our income tax accruals may occur in the future based on the progress of ongoing audits, changes in legislation or resolution of pending matters.
off-balance sheet arrangements we had no off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2020. please read note 17-commitments and contingencies included in notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this form 10-k for a discussion of our commitments and contingencies, some of which are not recognized in the balance sheets under gaap.