item 1a.risk factors in addition to the other information in this form 10-k, the following factors should be considered in evaluating our business. our operating results depend upon many factors and are subject to various risks and uncertainties. the material risks and uncertainties known to us which may cause our operating results to vary from anticipated results or which may negatively affect our operating results and profitability are as follows:
company risks operational risks products that we sell may expose us to potential material liability for property damage, environmental damage, personal injury, or death linked to the use of those products by our customers. some of our customers operate in challenging industries where there is a material risk of catastrophic events. we are actively seeking to expand our sales to certain categories of customers, some of whose businesses may entail heightened levels of such risk. if any of these events are linked to the use by our customers of any of our products, claims could be brought against us by those customers, by governmental authorities, and by third parties who are injured or damaged as a result of such events. in addition, our reputation could be adversely affected by negative publicity surrounding such events regardless of whether or not claims against us are successful. while we maintain insurance coverage to mitigate a portion of this risk and may have recourse against our suppliers for losses arising out of defects in products procured from them, we could experience significant losses as a result of claims made against us to the extent adequate insurance is not in place, the products are manufactured by us or legal recourse against our suppliers is otherwise not available, or our insurers or suppliers are unwilling or unable to satisfy their obligations to us.
interruptions in the proper functioning of information systems or the inability to maintain or upgrade our information systems, or convert to alternate systems in a timely and efficient manner, could disrupt operations, cause unanticipated increases in costs and/or decreases in revenues, and result in less efficient operations. the proper functioning of our information systems is critical to many aspects of our business and we could be adversely affected if we experience a disruption or data loss relating to our information systems and are unable to recover in a timely manner. our information systems are protected with robust backup systems and processes, including physical and software safeguards and remote processing capabilities. still, information systems are vulnerable to natural disasters, power losses, unauthorized access, telecommunication failures, and other problems. in addition, certain software used by us is licensed from, and certain services related to our information systems are provided by, third parties who could choose to discontinue their products or services or their relationship with us. it is also possible that we are unable to improve, upgrade, maintain, and expand our information systems. our ability to process orders, maintain proper levels of inventories, collect accounts receivable, pay expenses, and maintain the security of company and customer data, as well as the success of our growth drivers, is dependent in varying degrees on the effective and timely operation and support of our information technology systems. if critical information systems fail or these systems or related software or services are otherwise unavailable, or if we experience extended delays or unexpected expenses in securing, developing, and otherwise implementing technology solutions to support our growth and operations, it could adversely affect our profitability and/or ability to grow.
cyber security incidents, or violations of data privacy laws and regulations, could cause us to experience certain operational interruptions, incur substantial additional costs, become subject to legal or regulatory proceedings, or suffer damage to our reputation in the marketplace. the nature of our business requires us to receive, retain, and transmit certain personally identifying information that our customers provide to purchase products or services, register on our websites, or otherwise communicate and interact with us. while we have taken and continue to undertake significant steps to protect our customer and confidential information, a compromise of our data security systems or those of businesses we interact with could result in information related to our customers or business being obtained by unauthorized persons. we develop and update processes and maintain systems in an effort to try to prevent this from occurring and have established and maintained disclosure controls and procedures that would permit us to make accurate and timely disclosures of any material event, including any cyber security event, but the development and maintenance of these processes and systems are costly and require ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated. consequently, despite our efforts, the possibility of cyber security incidents cannot be eliminated entirely. there can be no assurance that we will not experience a cyber security incident that may materially impact our consolidated financial statements. while we also seek to obtain assurances that third parties we interact with will protect confidential information, there is a risk the confidentiality of data held or accessed by third parties may be compromised. if a compromise of our data security were to occur, it could interrupt our operations, subject us to additional legal, regulatory, and operating costs, and damage our reputation in the marketplace. in addition, regulatory authorities have increased their focus on how companies collect, process, use, store, share, and transmit personal data. new privacy security laws and regulations, including the european union general data protection regulation 2016, the california consumer protection act, and other similar state privacy laws, pose increasingly complex compliance challenges, which may increase compliance costs, and any failure to comply with data privacy laws and regulations could result in significant penalties.
we may be unable to meet our goals regarding the growth drivers of our business. our sales growth is dependent primarily on our ability to attract new customers and increase our activity with existing customers within north america and abroad. in recent years, we have increased the resources devoted to our growth drivers, including fmi, onsites, national accounts, digital solutions, and our international operations. while we have taken steps to build momentum in the growth drivers of our business, we cannot assure you those steps will lead to sales growth and, due to the covid-19 pandemic, our growth drivers did not contribute meaningfully to higher sales in 2020. failure to achieve any of our goals regarding fmi, onsites, national accounts, digital solutions, and international operations, or other growth drivers could negatively impact our long-term sales growth. further, failure to identify appropriate targets for our onsite channel and fmi tools or failure to persuade the appropriate targets to adopt these offerings once identified may adversely impact our goals regarding the number of new onsite locations we are able to open or the number of fmi installations we are able to deploy.
changes in customer or product mix, downward pressure on sales prices, and changes in volume or timing of orders have caused and could cause our gross profit percentage to fluctuate or decline in the future. changes in our customer or product mix have caused our gross profit percentage to decline and could cause our gross profit percentage to further fluctuate or decline. for example, the portion of our sales attributable to fasteners has been decreasing for approximately twenty years. that has adversely affected our gross profit percentage as our non-fastener products generally carry lower gross profit margins than our fastener products. in addition, as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, our sales were impacted by surge sales of pandemic-related supplies, such as ppe and other safety-related products that have traditionally lower gross profit margins. similarly, in recent years, revenues from national accounts and/or onsite customers, which typically have lower gross profit margins by virtue of their scale, available business, and broader offering of products which typically have lower gross margins, have tended to grow faster than revenues from smaller customers. customer and product mix have contributed to the decline in our gross profit percentage over time, including in 2020 and 2019, and will likely continue to affect our gross profit percentage in 2021 and beyond. however, whether and to what extent this adverse mix impact will result in a decline of our gross profit percentage in any given year will depend on the extent to which they are, or are not, offset by positive impacts to gross profit margin during such year. downward pressure on sales prices, changes in the volume or timing of our orders, and an inability to pass higher product costs on to customers could also cause our gross profit percentage to fluctuate or decline. for example, in the second quarter of 2020, we had to quickly purchase large volumes of pandemic-related products from non-traditional sources and non-optimized supply chains, which had a negative impact on gross profit. we can experience downward pressure on sales prices as a result of deflation, pressure from customers to reduce costs, or increased competition. reductions in our volume of purchases can adversely impact gross profit by reducing supplier volume allowances. we may not be able to pass rising product costs to customers if those customers have ready product or supplier alternatives in the marketplace.
our operating and administrative expenses could grow more rapidly than net sales which could result in failure to achieve our goals related to leveraging revenue growth into higher net earnings. over time, we have generally experienced an increase in our operating and administrative expenses, including costs related to payroll, occupancy, freight, and information technology, among others, as our net sales have grown. however, historically, a portion of these expenses has not increased at the same rates as net sales, allowing us to leverage our growth and sustain or expand our operating profit margins. there are various scenarios where we may not be able to continue to achieve this leverage as we have been able to do in the past. for instance, it is typical that when demand declines, most commonly from cyclical or general market factors (though it could be due to customer losses or some other company-specific event), our operating and administrative expenses do not fall as quickly as net sales. it is also possible that in the future we will elect to make investments in operating and administrative expenses that would result in costs growing faster than net sales. in addition, market variables, such as labor rates, energy costs, and legal costs, could move in such a way as to cause us to not be able to manage our operating and administrative expenses in a way that would enable us to leverage our revenue growth into higher net earnings. should any of these scenarios, or a combination of them, occur in the future, it is possible that our operating and pre-tax profit margins could decline even if we are able to grow revenue.
our competitive advantage in industrial vending (fast vend) and bin stock (fast stock and fast bin) tools could be eliminated and, in the case of fast vend, the loss of key suppliers of equipment and services could be impactful and result in failure to deploy devices. we believe we have a competitive advantage in industrial vending and bin stock due to our hardware and software, our local branch presence (allowing us to service devices and bins more rapidly), our depth of products that lend themselves to being dispensed through industrial vending devices or bin stocks, and, in north america, our distribution strength. these advantages have developed over time; however, other competitors could respond to our expanding industrial vending and bin stock position with highly competitive platforms of their own. such competition could negatively impact our ability to expand our industrial vending and bin stock tools or negatively impact the economics of that business. in addition, we currently rely on a limited number of suppliers for the vending devices used in our fast vend platform. while these devices, software, and services can be obtained from other sources, loss of our current suppliers could be disruptive and could result in us failing to meet our goals related to the number of devices we are able to deploy in the next twelve to eighteen months. in addition, our ability to expand deployment of our industrial vending and bin stock tools could be limited by events similar to the covid-19 pandemic if customers shift their energy to short-term disruptions instead of long-term strategic planning.
the ability to identify new products and product lines, and integrate them into our selling locations and distribution network, may impact our ability to compete, our ability to generate additional sales, and our profit margins. our success depends in part on our ability to develop product expertise at the selling location level and identify future products and product lines that complement existing products and product lines and that respond to our customers' needs. we may not be able to compete effectively unless our product selection keeps up with trends in the markets in which we compete or trends in new products. in addition, our ability to integrate new products and product lines into our branches and distribution network could impact sales and profit margins.
our ability to successfully attract and retain qualified personnel to staff our selling locations could impact labor costs, sales at existing selling locations, and the successful execution of our growth drivers. our success depends in part on our ability to attract, motivate, and retain a sufficient number of qualified employees, including inside and outside branch associates, onsite managers, national account sales representatives, and support personnel, who understand and appreciate our culture and are able to adequately represent this culture to our customers. qualified individuals of the requisite caliber and number needed to fill these positions may be in short supply in some areas, and the turnover rate in the industry is high, particularly for less tenured employees. if we are unable to hire and retain personnel capable of consistently providing a high level of customer service, as demonstrated by their enthusiasm for our culture and product knowledge, our sales could be materially adversely affected. additionally, competition for qualified employees could require us to pay higher wages to attract a sufficient number of employees. an inability to recruit and retain a sufficient number of qualified individuals in the future may also delay the planned expansion of our various selling channels.
our inability to attract or transition key executive officers may divert the attention of other members of our senior leadership and adversely impact our existing operations. our success depends on the efforts and abilities of our key executive officers and senior leadership. in the event of voluntary or involuntary vacancies in our executive team in the future, the extent to which there is disruption in the oversight and/or leadership of our business will depend on our ability to either transition internal, talented individuals or recruit suitable replacements to serve in these roles. in addition, difficulties in smoothly implementing any transition to new members of our executive team, or recruiting suitable replacements, could divert the attention of other members of our senior leadership team from our existing operations.
we may not be able to compete effectively against traditional or non-traditional competitors, which could cause us to lose market share or erode our gross and/or operating income profit and/or percentage. the industrial, construction, and maintenance supply industry, although slowly consolidating, still remains a large, fragmented, and highly competitive industry. our current or future competitors may include companies with similar or greater market presence, name recognition, and financial, marketing, technological, and other resources, and we believe they will continue to challenge us with their product selection, financial resources, technological advancements, and services. increased competition from brick-and-mortar retailers could cause us to lose market share, reduce our prices, or increase our spending. similarly, the emergence of on-line retailers, whether as extensions of our traditional competition or in the form of major, non-traditional competitors, could result in easier and quicker price discovery and the adoption of aggressive pricing strategies and sales methods. these pressures could have the effect of eroding our gross and/or operating income profit and/or percentage over time.
we may not be successful in integrating acquisitions and achieving intended benefits and synergies. we have completed several acquisitions of businesses in recent years. we expect to continue to pursue strategic acquisitions that we believe will either expand or complement our business in new or existing markets or further enhance the value and offerings we are able to provide to our existing or future potential customers. acquisitions involve numerous risks and challenges, including, among others, a risk of potential loss of key employees of an acquired business, inability to achieve identified operating and financial synergies anticipated to result from an acquisition, diversion of our capital and our management's attention from other business issues, and risks related to the integration of the acquired business including unanticipated changes in our business, our industry, or general economic conditions that affect the assumptions underlying the acquisition. any one or more of these factors could cause us to not realize the benefits anticipated to result from the acquisitions.
legal, regulatory, and compliance risks our business is subject to a wide array of operating laws and regulations in every jurisdiction where we operate. compliance with these laws and regulations increases the cost of doing business and failure to comply could result in the imposition of fines or penalties and the termination of contracts. we are subject to a variety of laws and regulations including without limitation; import and export requirements, anti-bribery and corruption laws, product compliance laws, environmental laws, foreign exchange controls and cash repatriation restrictions, advertising regulations, data privacy (including in the u.s., the california consumer privacy act, and in the european union, the general data protection regulation 2016, with interpretations varying from state to state and country to country) and cyber security requirements (including protection of information and incident responses), regulations on suppliers regarding the sources of supplies or products, labor and employment laws, and anti-competition regulations. in addition, as a supplier to federal, state, and local government agencies, we must comply with certain laws and regulations relating specifically to the formation, administration, and performance of our governmental contracts. we are also subject to governmental audits and inquiries in the normal course of business. ongoing audit activity and changes to the legal and regulatory environments could increase the cost of doing business, and such costs may increase in the future as a result of changes in these laws and regulations or in their interpretation. while we have implemented policies and procedures designed to facilitate compliance with these laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, or agents will not violate such laws and regulations, or our policies. any such violations could result in the imposition of fines and penalties, damage to our reputation, and, in the case of laws and regulations relating specifically to governmental contracts, the loss of those contracts.
tax laws and regulations require compliance efforts that can increase our cost of doing business and changes to these laws and regulations could impact financial results. we are subject to a variety of tax laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate. maintaining compliance with these laws can increase our cost of doing business and failure to comply could result in audits or the imposition of fines or penalties. further, our future effective tax rates in any of these jurisdictions could be affected, positively or negatively, by changing tax priorities, changes in statutory rates, and/or changes in tax laws or the interpretation thereof. the most significant recent example of this is the comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the tax cuts and jobs act (the 'tax act'), which was enacted in the united states in december 2017. there is a longer-term risk that the beneficial aspects of the tax act on our business could be reversed depending on changes in future fiscal or political priorities.
industry and general economic risks operational risks a downturn in the economy or in the principal markets served by us and other factors may affect customer spending, which could harm our operating results. in general, our sales represent spending on discretionary items or consumption needs by our customers. this spending is affected by many factors, including, among others:
•general business conditions,
•business conditions in our principal markets,
•liquidity in credit markets,
•acts of god, which may include, but are not limited to, weather events, earthquakes, pandemics, etc., and
a downturn in either the national or local economy where we operate, or in the principal markets served by us, or changes in any of the other factors described above, could negatively impact sales at our in-market locations, sales through our other selling channels, and the level of profitability of those in-market locations and other selling channels.
this risk was demonstrated in 2019 and 2020. we experienced strong demand in 2017 and 2018 that produced double-digit sales growth for fastenal. our growth slowed into the mid-single digits beginning in the second quarter of 2019 as many of our customers involved in the manufacture of components, capital goods, and heavy equipment were impacted by higher costs and reduced confidence stemming from global trade uncertainty. when this happens, these customers tend to cut back on spending, which yields a slowdown in our business with these customers. in the second and third quarters of 2020, the reaction to the covid-19 pandemic resulted in sharply reduced spending by our traditional customers as they implemented shutdowns, social distancing, and safety policies. however, the weakness that was experienced by many of our business units in the second and third quarters of 2020 was more than offset by sales of pandemic-related supplies, such as ppe and sanitation products, to traditional and less traditional (e.g., government and healthcare) customers. while we intend to retain some of these less traditional customers as regular buyers of safety and other products once the pandemic subsides, it is uncertain whether they will continue to purchase products from us.
the covid-19 pandemic has significantly impacted worldwide economic conditions and could have a material adverse effect on our operations and business. the covid-19 pandemic began to impact our operations late in the first quarter of 2020 and may continue to affect our business, particularly should government authorities impose mandatory closures, work-from-home orders and/or social distancing protocols, seek voluntary facility closures and/or impose other restrictions. should such actions be taken, it could materially adversely affect our ability to adequately staff and maintain our operations, impair our ability to sustain sufficient financial liquidity, and impact our financial results. the covid-19 pandemic has had some favorable impacts on our financial results through much of 2020. however, as supply chains adapt to the environment, it is not certain that those favorable impacts will recur in the future to offset any resumption of public access restrictions we might impose on our branches or reductions in capacity by our customers, including facility closures. the covid-19 pandemic has also produced shifts in the mix of our business resulting from a decrease in sales of our fasteners and increases in sales through our safety business. based on the traditionally lower gross profit margin percentage of our safety business, these shifts have contributed to a lower gross profit margin percentage for us. this impact on our gross profit margin percentage may persist in the short term until the impacts of covid-19 start to moderate. it is also possible that the impact on our gross profit margin percentage will be long term in the event that covid-19 alters customer purchasing patterns to include a sustainably higher mix of safety and sanitation products. as we cannot predict the duration or scope of the covid-19 pandemic, the net financial impact to our operating results cannot be reasonably estimated, but it could be material and last for an extended period of time.
trade policies could make sourcing product from overseas more difficult and/or more costly, and could adversely impact our gross and/or operating profit percentage. we source a significant amount of the products we sell from outside of north america, primarily asia. we have made significant structural investments over time to be able to source both directly from asia through our wholly-owned, asia-based subsidiary, fastco trading co., ltd. and indirectly from suppliers that procure product from international sources. this was initially necessary due to the absence of significant domestic fastener production, but over time we have expanded our non-fastener sourcing as well, and at this time it may be difficult to adjust our sourcing in the short term. in light of this, changes in trade policies could affect our sourcing operations, our ability to secure sufficient product to serve our customers and/or impact the cost or price of our products, with potentially adverse impacts on our gross and operating profit percentages and financial results. these risks most recently manifested in an increase in tariffs, primarily in 2018 and 2019, either directly on products we trade in or indirectly on industries we sell into, between the united states and its trading partners, as well as greater uncertainty around regional and global trade agreements generally. china represents a significant source of product for north america. in addition, we move and source products within north america. any trading disruption (tariffs, product restrictions, etc.) between canada, the united states, and mexico, or disruption in their respective trading relationships with other nations can adversely impact our business. there can be no assurances that these disruptions will not continue or increase in the future, with the previously mentioned countries or additional countries with which we do business. the degree to which these changes in the global marketplace affect our financial results will be influenced by the specific details of the changes in trade policies, their timing and duration, and our effectiveness in deploying tools to address these issues. in particular, the united states' tariffs levied on most of our products originating in china have caused us to review and implement potential solutions to the increase in our product costs with our customers. the effectiveness of these strategies in response to any future tariffs is unknown.
trade policies could have an adverse impact on industries we sell into, negatively affecting our net sales and profits. considerable political uncertainty in the united states may result in changes to trade policies that could create disruption in geographic demand trends. to the extent that the united states government enacts tariffs or taxes that penalize imports to benefit domestic manufacturing, we may improve our domestic sales which may have an overall positive impact on us given that 85% of our total revenue is derived from the united states. however, any such action may adversely impact our foreign sales, which may, in turn, adversely impact our ability to expand our overseas branches in the future. in addition, should a foreign government engage in its own trade protection, independent of or in response to another nation's action, it could have a negative direct or, more likely, indirect effect on our net sales and profits by reducing demand for exports by united states companies. such changes could adversely affect our financial results. this dynamic would apply to every country in which we operate, but no other country represents more than 10% of our net sales.
products manufactured in foreign countries may cease to be available for reasons unrelated to trade policy, which could adversely affect our inventory levels and operating results. we obtain certain of our products, and our suppliers obtain certain of their products, from china, taiwan, south korea, and other foreign countries. our suppliers could discontinue selling products manufactured in foreign countries at any time for reasons that may or may not be in our control or our suppliers' control, including foreign government regulations, domestic government regulations, political unrest, war, disease, disruption or delays in shipments, or changes in local economic conditions. additionally, the shipment of goods from foreign countries could be delayed by container shipping companies encountering financial or other difficulties. our operating results and inventory levels could suffer if we are unable to promptly replace a supplier or shipper who is unwilling or unable to satisfy our requirements with another supplier or shipper providing equally appealing products and services.
changes in energy costs and the cost of raw materials used in our products could impact our net sales, cost of sales, gross profit percentage, distribution expenses, and occupancy expenses, which may result in lower operating income. costs of raw materials used in our products (e.g., steel) and energy costs can fluctuate significantly over time. increases in these costs result in increased production costs for our suppliers. these suppliers typically look to pass their increased costs along to us through price increases. the fuel costs of our distribution and branch operations have fluctuated as well. while we typically try to pass higher supplier prices and fuel costs through to our customers or to modify our activities to mitigate the impact, we may not be successful, particularly if supplier prices or fuel costs rise rapidly. failure to fully pass any such increased prices and costs through to our customers or to modify our activities to mitigate the impact would have an adverse effect on our operating income. while increases in the cost of fuel or raw materials could be damaging to us, decreases in those costs, particularly if severe, could also adversely impact us by creating deflation in selling prices, which could cause our gross profit to decline, or by negatively impacting customers in certain industries, which could cause our sales to those customers to decline.
the industrial, construction, and maintenance supply industry is consolidating, which could cause it to become more competitive and could negatively impact our market share, gross profit, and operating income. the industrial, construction, and maintenance supply industry in north america is consolidating. this consolidation is being driven by customer needs and supplier capabilities, which could cause the industry to become more competitive as greater economies of scale are achieved by suppliers, or as competitors with new business models are willing and able to operate with lower gross profit on select products.
there can be no assurance we will be able in the future to take effective advantage of the trend toward consolidation. the trend in our industry toward consolidation could make it more difficult for us to maintain our current gross profit and operating income. furthermore, as our industrial customers face increased foreign competition, and potentially lose business to foreign competitors or shift their operations overseas in an effort to reduce expenses, we may face increased difficulty in growing and maintaining our market share.
inclement weather and other disruptions to the transportation network could adversely impact our distribution system and demand for our products. our ability to provide efficient distribution of core business products to our branch network is an integral component of our overall business strategy. disruptions at distribution centers or shipping ports may affect our ability to both maintain core products in inventory and deliver products to our customers on a timely basis, which may in turn adversely affect our results of operations. in addition, severe weather conditions could adversely affect demand for our products in particularly hard hit regions.
our current estimates of total market potential as well as the market potential of our business strategies could be incorrect. we believe we have a significant opportunity for growth based on our belief that north american market demand for the products we sell is estimated to exceed $140 billion. this figure is not derived from an independent organization or data source that aggregates and publishes widely agreed-upon demand and market share statistics. instead, we have identified this figure based on our own experience in the marketplace for our products and by evaluating estimates from other sources. if we have overestimated the size of our market, and in doing so, underestimated our current share of it, the size of our opportunity for growth may not be as significant as we currently believe. similarly, we have provided estimates of the opportunities we have with some of our specific growth strategies, such as industrial vending and onsite locations. within north america, we believe the potential market opportunity for industrial vending is approximately 1.7 million devices and we have identified over 19,000 customer locations with the potential to implement our onsite service model within our traditional manufacturing and construction customer base. we have identified additional markets, such as government, healthcare, and academia, and geographies into which we can sell our fmi solutions, which would increase the number of identified potential industrial vending or customer locations. however, our presence in emerging markets and geographies is not as established as is the case in our traditional markets and geographies, which could extend the sales cycle. similar to the case for total market size, we use our own experience and data to arrive at the size of these potential opportunities and not independent sources. these estimates are based on our business model today, and the introduction or expansion of other business strategies, such as on-line retailing, could cause them to change. in addition, the market potential of a particular business strategy may vary from expectations due to a change in the marketplace (such as changes in customer concentration or needs), a change in the nature of that business strategy, or weaker than anticipated acceptance by customers of that business strategy. we cannot guarantee that our market potential estimates are accurate or that we will ultimately decide to expand our industrial vending or onsite service models as we anticipate to reach the full market opportunity.
we are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk, and changes in foreign exchange rates could increase the cost of purchasing products and impact our foreign sales. because our company was started in the united states and because we are publicly-traded in the united states, we report our results based on the united states dollar. because the functional currency related to most of our non-united states operations is the applicable local currency, we are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk arising from transactions in the normal course of business. fluctuations in the relative strength of foreign economies and their related currencies could adversely impact our ability to procure products at competitive prices and our foreign sales. historically, our primary exchange rate exposure has been with the canadian dollar. there can be no assurance that currency exchange rate fluctuations with the canadian dollar and other foreign currencies will not adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. while the use of currency hedging instruments may provide us with protection from adverse fluctuations in currency exchange rates, we are not currently using these instruments and we have not historically hedged this exposure. if we decide to do so in the future, we could potentially forego the benefits that might result from favorable fluctuations in currency exchange rates.
credit and liquidity risks tight credit markets could impact our ability to obtain financing on reasonable terms or increase the cost of existing or future financing and interest rate fluctuations could adversely impact our results. as of december 31, 2020, we had $405.0 of outstanding debt obligations, consisting entirely of senior unsecured promissory notes issued under our master note agreement (the 'master note agreement') in the aggregate principal amount of $405.0. we did not have loans outstanding under our revolving credit facility (the 'credit facility') as of december 31, 2020. loans under the credit facility bear interest at a rate per annum based on the london interbank offered rate (libor) and mature on november 30, 2023. the notes issued under our master note agreement consist of eight series and are described in further detail in note 10 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included later in this form 10-k.
during periods of volatility and disruption in the united states credit markets, financing may become more costly and more difficult to obtain. although the market turmoil of 2020 did not have a significant adverse impact on our liquidity or borrowing costs given our low level of indebtedness at that time, the availability of funds tightened and credit spreads on corporate debt increased. we currently have the capacity under our credit facility and master note agreement to increase borrowings in the future. if credit market volatility were to return, the cost of servicing any existing balances on our credit facility at that time could increase due to the libor-based interest rate provided for under our credit facility. in july 2017, the financial conduct authority in the united kingdom, the governing body responsible for regulating libor, announced that it no longer will compel or persuade financial institutions and panel banks to make libor submissions after 2021. the cessation date for submission and publication of rates for certain tenors of libor has since been extended until mid-2023, but it is uncertain when applicable tenors of libor will cease to exist and whether additional reforms to libor may be enacted, but libor is still expected to cease to be the reference rate for commercial loans and other indebtedness. our credit facility currently uses libor as a reference rate, and, while there are customary libor replacement provisions in our credit facility, the transition to alternatives to libor could be modestly disruptive to the credit markets. while we do not believe that the impact would be material to us given the usage of our credit facility, we do not yet have insight into what the impacts might be. in addition, borrowing additional amounts to finance stock purchases, dividends, capital expenditures, and other liquidity needs or to refinance our existing indebtedness could be difficult and the cost of doing so could be high.
general risk factors there can be no assurance that our stock price will continue to reflect the current multiple of earnings over time. stock prices, including ours, are commonly thought to be a function of earnings compounded by a multiple. this is often referred to as a price-to-earnings (or p/e) ratio. historically, investors have given our earnings a higher multiple, or premium, than is typical of the broader industrial sector of which we are typically associated. we believe we have earned this premium by virtue of a long history of superior growth, profitability, and returns. however, to the extent that we fail to successfully execute our growth strategies and/or poorly navigate the risks that surround our business, including those described throughout this section, or to the extent our industry (industrial distribution, or industrial stocks in general) loses favor in the marketplace, there can be no assurance that investors will continue to afford a premium multiple to our earnings which could adversely affect our stock price.
we cannot provide any guaranty of future dividend payments or that we will continue to purchase shares of our common stock pursuant to our share purchase program. although our board of directors has historically authorized the payment of quarterly cash dividends on our common stock and indicated an intention to do so in the future, there are no assurances that we will continue to pay dividends in the future or continue to increase dividends at historic rates. in addition, although our board of directors has authorized share purchase programs and we purchased shares in 2020, 2018, and prior years through these programs, we may discontinue doing so at any time. any decision to continue to pay quarterly dividends on our common stock, to increase those dividends, or to purchase our common stock in the future will be based upon our financial condition and results of operations, the price of our common stock, credit conditions, and such other factors as are deemed relevant by our board of directors.
item 7.management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following is management's discussion and analysis of certain significant factors which have affected our financial position and operating results during the periods included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and should be read in conjunction with those consolidated financial statements. this section of this 10-k generally discusses 2020 and 2019 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2020 and 2019. discussions of 2018 items and year-to-date comparisons between 2019 and 2018 that are not included in this form 10-k, can be found in 'management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations' in part ii, item 7 of our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2019.
business and operational overview fastenal is a north american leader in the wholesale distribution of industrial and construction supplies. we distribute these supplies through a network of over 3,200 in-market locations. most of our customers are in the manufacturing and non-residential construction markets. the manufacturing market includes sales of products for both original equipment manufacturing (oem), where our products are consumed in the final products of our customers, and manufacturing, repair and operations (mro), where are products are consumed to support the facilities and ongoing operations of our customers. the non-residential construction market includes general, electrical, plumbing, sheet metal, and road contractors. other users of our products include farmers, truckers, railroads, oil exploration companies, oil production and refinement companies, mining companies, federal, state, and local governmental entities, schools, and certain retail trades. geographically, our branches, onsite locations, and customers are primarily located in north america.
it is helpful to appreciate several aspects of our marketplace: (1) it's big. we estimate the north american marketplace for industrial supplies is in excess of $140 billion per year (and we have expanded beyond north america) and no company has a significant portion of this market. (2) many of the products we sell are individually inexpensive, but the cost and time to manage, procure, and transport these products can be quite meaningful. (3) purchasing professionals often expend disproportionate effort managing the high stock keeping unit (sku) count of low-volume, low value mro supplies which is better allocated to their higher volume, higher value oem supplies. (4) many customers prefer to reduce their number of suppliers to simplify their business, while also utilizing various technologies and models (including our local branches when they need something quickly or unexpectedly) to improve availability and reduce waste. (5) we believe the markets are efficient. to us, this means we can grow our market share if we provide the greatest value to our customer.
our approach to addressing these aspects of our marketplace is captured in our motto growth through customer service. the concept of growth is simple: find more customers every day and increase our activity with them. however, execution is hard work. first, we recruit service-minded individuals to support our customers and their business. second, we operate in a decentralized fashion to help identify the greatest value for our customers. third, we have a great team behind our customer-facing resources to operate efficiently and to help identify new business solutions. fourth, we strive to generate strong profits, which produce the cash flow necessary to fund our growth and to support the needs of our customers. lastly, we identify drivers that allow us to get closer to our customers and gain market share.
we believe our ability to grow is amplified if we can serve our customers at the closest economic point of contact. at one point, the closest economic point of contact was the local branch. today, in many cases, we have moved the branch inside the customers' facility. we also are frequently positioned right at the point of consumption within customers' facilities through our suite of fmi devices and capabilities. therefore, our focus centers on understanding our customers' day, their opportunities, and their obstacles. by doing these things every day, fastenal remains a growth-centric organization.
impact of covid-19 on our business in the second quarter of 2020, the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic on our business were dramatic in two respects. first, local and national actions taken, such as stay-at-home mandates, reduced business activity sharply as many customers either closed their locations or operated at significantly diminished capacity. this effect was illustrated in a significant decline in sales for our fastener products. second, social actions taken to mitigate the effects of the pandemic produced significant demand for personal protection equipment (ppe) and sanitation products, generating significant sales of such products not only to certain traditional customers but also to state and local government entities as well as front line responders. this effect was illustrated by a significant increase in sales for our safety products. during that period, improved sales of ppe and sanitation products more than offset the general economic weakness. these dynamics affected our business throughout the second quarter of 2020, but the effects were greatest in april, with sequential improvements in may and june as business restrictions gradually eased.
the pandemic continued to have a significant impact on our business in the third and fourth quarters of 2020. the marketplace broadly, and fastenal specifically, continued to operate with certain modifications to balance re-opening with employee and customer safety. however, most of the markets in which we operate began to normalize in the second half of 2020. this improved the outlook of the manufacturing and construction customers that support our traditional branch and onsite business and moderated the level of demand for ppe and sanitation products that we experienced at the onset of the pandemic. we believe that the sequential gains in economic activity that we experienced in the latter part of the second quarter of 2020 continued through the third and fourth quarters of 2020, although the rate of improvement remains gradual.
consistent with broader social trends, we have taken steps to safeguard the health of our employees. this includes closing branch and corporate facilities to outside personnel, adjusting work schedules to maximize social distance, creating space between work areas, providing ample ppe and cleaning supplies, having formal policies for mitigation in the event of cases of illness, utilizing technologies where work duties allow to enable work from home capabilities, and utilizing technologies such as vending and mobility to create social distancing. due to these precautions, our operations have continued to function effectively, including our internal controls over financial reporting.
while there are exceptions, our customers have largely continued to operate their businesses despite a continued high rate of viral infections that exist as of this date, in contrast to the second quarter of 2020 when many temporarily suspended operations. still, there remains significant uncertainty concerning the magnitude of the impact and duration of the covid-19 pandemic. factors deriving from the covid-19 response that have or may negatively impact sales and gross margin in the future include, but are not limited to: limitations on the ability of our suppliers to manufacture, or procure from manufacturers, the products we sell, or to meet delivery requirements and commitments; limitations on the ability of our employees to perform their work due to illness caused by the pandemic or local, state, or federal orders requiring employees to remain at home; limitations on the ability of carriers to deliver our products to customers; limitations on the ability of our customers to conduct their business and purchase our products and services; and limitations on the ability of our customers to pay us on a timely basis. with respect to liquidity, as of the end of 2020, we have substantially all of our $700.0 bank revolver available for use in the event that the need arises.
we will continue to actively monitor the situation and may take further actions that alter our business operations as may be required by federal, state, or local authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, suppliers, and shareholders. while we are unable to determine or predict the nature, duration, or scope of the overall impact the covid-19 pandemic will have on our business, results of operations, liquidity, or capital resources, we believe that it is important to share where our company stands today, how our response to covid-19 is progressing, and how our operations and financial condition may change as the fight against covid-19 progresses.
executive overview net sales increased $313.7, or 5.9%, in 2020 relative to 2019. our gross profit increased $52.3, or 2.1%, in 2020 relative to 2019, and as a percentage of net sales declined to 45.5% in 2020 from 47.2% in 2019. our operating income increased $84.5, or 8.0%, in 2020 relative to 2019, and as a percentage of net sales increased to 20.2% in 2020 from 19.8% in 2019.
although we continued to market our growth drivers in 2020, covid-19 created an environment that was not conducive to the level of signings we would have expected under normal business conditions. at the same time, significant resources shifted to focus on rapidly and efficiently securing, transporting, and providing ppe to new and existing customers that found themselves managing short-term crisis conditions brought on by the pandemic. these dynamics produced signings of just 223 new onsite customer locations and 16,417 new industrial vending devices in 2020. those same dynamics also produced very strong daily sales growth of 51.0% in our safety product line and 129.7% from government and healthcare customers in the period, which more than offset the low growth driver signings and weak activity in our traditional manufacturing and construction customer base.
the table below summarizes our absolute and full-time equivalent (fte; based on 40 hours per week) employee headcount, our investments in in-market locations (defined as the sum of the total number of public branch locations and the total number of active onsite locations), and industrial vending devices at the end of the periods presented and the percentage change compared to the end of the prior period.
number of active onsite locations                                           1,265                1,114                   13.6      %
during the last twelve months, we reduced our total fte employee headcount by 1,132. this reflects a decline in our in-market fte employee headcount of 976, as well as declines in headcount at our distribution centers and manufacturing operations. these reductions are primarily related to efforts to manage expenses in response to weaker demand from traditional manufacturing and construction customers resulting from the covid-19 pandemic. this was only partly offset by additions in non-branch selling and support roles. the latter most significantly reflects an increase in personnel in information technology, which includes the addition of employees from our acquisition of certain assets of apex, as well as roles to support customer acquisition and implementation, particularly as it relates to our growth drivers and to support general corporate functions.
we opened twelve branches and closed 123 branches, net of conversions, in 2020. we activated 257 onsite locations and closed 106, net of conversions, in 2020. the number of closings reflects both normal churn in our business, whether due to redefining or exiting customer relationships, the shutting or relocation of a customer facility, or a customer decision, as well as our ongoing review of underperforming locations. our in-market network forms the foundation of our business strategy, and we will continue to open or close locations as is deemed necessary to sustain and improve our network, support our growth drivers, and manage our operating expenses.
gross profit                                                                  45.5   %                  47.2   %                  48.3   %
net sales note - daily sales are defined as the total net sales for the period divided by the number of business days (in the united states) in the period. the table below sets forth net sales and daily sales for the periods ended december 31, and changes in such sales from the prior period to the more recent period:
daily sales impact of acquisitions                         0.0   %                  0.1   %                  0.4   %
the increase in net sales noted above for 2020 was a function primarily of higher unit sales for safety products, specifically pandemic-related sales of ppe. the effect of higher prices during the period were not material. the increase in net sales noted above for 2019 was a result of higher unit sales and, to a lesser degree, higher prices. higher product prices in 2019 were a result of actions taken to offset increases in product costs, and we believe these increases contributed 0.9% to 1.0% to sales growth during 2019.
higher unit sales in 2020 were heavily influenced by actions taken by governments and businesses around the world to address covid-19, which influenced the period in a couple of ways. first, by virtue of our ability to source and transport ppe, we were able to supply the needs of governments, first responders, and businesses as they worked to mitigate the effects of the pandemic on our communities and normalize business activity under more stringent safety protocols. this generated significant ppe sales through the year. we believe the best proxies for this trend was daily sales growth of our safety products of 51.0% and daily sales growth to our government and healthcare customers of 129.7%. second, we managed the effects of business closures, disruption in labor forces and supply chains, and a reduction in general business activity that was a by-product of the responses of governments and businesses to the pandemic. the impact of this is best illustrated by several metrics. for instance, united states industrial production, which is published by the federal reserve, decreased 7.1% in 2020. based on the large proportion of our sales that are derived from the united states, we believe united states industrial production is a good proxy for the state of our marketplace and that the significant decline in this metric is consistent with the weakness we experienced in our traditional manufacturing and construction markets. this was also reflected in the daily sales of fasteners, which is our most cyclical product line. daily sales of fasteners declined 7.2% in 2020. although traditional manufacturing and construction business activity has gradually, but steadily, improved from depressed second quarter of 2020 levels, it did remain negative through the year. taking these two variables together, higher unit sales of ppe more than offset the decline in unit sales in our traditional manufacturing and construction business, resulting in higher net unit sales in 2020.
our growth drivers did not contribute meaningfully to higher unit sales in 2020, which we believe is largely a function of difficulties gaining access to customers and facilities due to social distancing and safety guidelines in response to covid-19. we signed 16,417 industrial vending devices during 2020, a decrease of 24.9% from 2019. this did increase our installed base to 95,733 devices at the end of 2020, an increase of 6.4% over 2019, but this increase was not sufficient to offset reduced throughput per device. as a result, sales through our vending devices declined at a low single-digit rate during 2020. we activated 257 new onsite locations in 2020, a decrease of 17.6% over 2019. this allowed us to increase our active sites to 1,265 at the end of 2020, an increase of 13.6% over 2019, but this increase was not sufficient to offset significant sales declines in our older, more established onsite locations. as a result, sales through our onsite locations declined at a low single-digit rate during 2020. we did experience growth in our national account customers of 6.7% in 2020 compared to 2019, though this was due to the sale of ppe to customers navigating the challenges of operating during a pandemic.
the higher unit sales in 2019 resulted primarily from two sources. first was higher underlying market demand, as illustrated by u.s. industrial production, which increased 0.8% in 2019, and daily sales of fasteners, which grew 5.5% in 2019. it is notable, however, that underlying demand in 2019 began strong but weakened throughout the year. referring again to u.s. industrial production, it increased 2.9% in the first quarter of 2019 but decreased 0.9% in the fourth quarter of 2019. the slowing in these metrics from the start to the end of 2019 mirrored the slowing growth we experienced in our unit sales over the same period.
a relatively greater contributor to our growth in 2019 was the success of our growth initiatives. we signed 21,857 industrial vending devices during 2019. while this represented a slight decrease in signings of 1.0% from 2018, it also contributed to growth in our installed base to 89,937 vending devices at the end of 2019, an increase of 10.8% over 2018. growth in our installed base was primarily responsible for sales growth through our vending devices in the mid-teens during 2019. we signed 362 new onsite locations in 2019, an increase of 7.7% over 2018, and had 1,114 active sites on december 31, 2019, an increase of 24.6% over december 31, 2018. growth in our number of active sites was primarily responsible for sales growth through our onsites in the mid-teens during 2019. the contribution of new national account contracts and strong penetration of existing national account customers resulted in daily sales from our national account customers growing 11.9% in 2019 compared to 2018.
shifts in product mix in 2020 largely reflects the factors that impacted our sales growth in the period. specifically, strong demand for ppe generated strong sales growth in our safety products, while weak trends in underlying conditions affected our traditional manufacturing and construction customers resulting in a sales decline in our fastener products. the effect on other products was relatively muted, as certain lines benefited from pandemic-related demand (such as janitorial products), while others were negatively impacted by underlying demand (such as metalcutting and material handling). shifts in product mix in 2019 were based on more traditional factors. the decrease in our fastener sales as a percentage of total sales arises from two factors. first, we believe non-fastener products represent a larger market opportunity than fasteners, and that we are relatively under-represented in this market. over time, this has led to faster growth in the non-fastener product lines, a trend amplified by the growth of our industrial vending program through which we sell primarily non-fastener products. we believe this factor impacted 2019 and will continue to promote a lower mix of fasteners in our total sales over time. second, the weakening industrial production environment had a disproportionately negative effect on fastener sales, particularly oem fasteners sales, relative to non-fastener sales (which relates more to plant operations than production). this weakness is more of a cyclical factor than a structural one, and as such was relevant in 2020 (albeit overwhelmed by pandemic-related effects) and 2019.
annual sales changes, sequential trends, and end market performance this section focuses on three distinct views of our business - annual sales changes by month, sequential trends, and end market performance. the first discussion regarding sales changes by month provides a good mechanical view of our business. the second discussion provides a framework for understanding the sequential trends (that is, comparing a month to the immediately preceding month, and also looking at the cumulative change from an earlier benchmark month) in our business. finally, we believe the third discussion regarding end market performance provides insight into activities with our various types of customers.
sequential trends we find it helpful to think about the monthly sequential changes in our business using the analogy of climbing a stairway - this stairway has several predictable landings where there is a pause in the sequential gain (i.e. april, july, and october to december), but generally speaking, climbs from january to october. the october landing then establishes the benchmark for the start of the next year.
history has identified these landings in our business cycle. they generally relate to months where certain holidays impair business days and/or seasons impact certain end markets, particularly non-residential construction. the first landing centers on easter and the good friday holiday that precedes it, which alternates between march and april (good friday occurred in april in 2020 and 2019, occurred in march during 2018, and will fall in april in 2021), the second landing centers on july 4th, and the third landing centers on the approach of winter with its seasonal impact on primarily our non-residential construction business and with the christmas/new year holidays. the holidays we noted impact the trends because they either move from month-to-month or because they move around during the week.
the table below shows the pattern to the sequential change in our daily sales. the line labeled 'benchmark' is a historical average of our sequential daily sales change for the trailing five year average (2015-2019). we believe this time frame serves to show the historical pattern and could serve as a benchmark for current performance. the '2020', '2019', and '2018' lines represent our actual sequential daily sales changes. the '20delta', '19delta', and '18delta' lines indicate the difference between the 'benchmark' and the actual results in the respective year. under normal circumstances, the sequential trends shown below are directly linked to fluctuations in our end markets. further, in any given month it is possible to get significant deviation from the benchmark. however, we do not believe that fully explains the exaggerated delta between the sequential rates of change and the benchmark from march 2020 to july 2020. we believe deviation of this duration and order of magnitude is uncharacteristic in our business and is related to the dramatic impacts of the pandemic in that period.
it is important to note that these benchmarks are historical averages. in a year where demand is strong, our daily sales growth rates will tend to have more months that exceed the benchmark than fall below it. in a year where demand is weak, we will tend to have more months that fall short of the benchmark than exceed it. in both cases, there is a random element that makes it difficult to know how any single month will perform.
a graph of the sequential daily sales change patterns discussed above, starting with a base of '100' in the previous october and ending with the next october, would be as follows:
end market performance we estimate approximately 65% of our business has historically been with customers engaged in some type of manufacturing, a significant subset of which finds its way into the heavy equipment market. the daily sales growth (contraction) rates to these manufacturing customers, when compared to the same period in the prior year, were as follows:
our manufacturing business consists of two subsets: the industrial production business (this is business where we supply products that become part of the finished goods produced by our customers and is sometimes referred to as oem - original equipment manufacturing) and the maintenance portion (this is business where we supply products that maintain the facility or the equipment of our customers engaged in manufacturing and is sometimes referred to as mro - maintenance, repair, and operations). the industrial business is more fastener centered, while the maintenance portion is represented by all product categories.
the best way to understand the change in our industrial production business is to examine the results in our fastener product line (which, under normal business conditions, represents 30% to 35% of our business) which is heavily influenced by changes in our business with heavy equipment manufacturers. from a company perspective, daily sales growth (contraction) rates of fasteners, when compared to the same period in the prior year, were as follows (note: this information includes all end markets):
two product lines, safety and janitorial, accounted for approximately half of total non-fastener sales and saw a meaningful increase in sales in 2020 due to demand generated in response to the covid-19 pandemic. as a result, the change in our non-fastener lines in 2020 did not provide as much insight into the trends of our traditional manufacturing and construction customers as is typically the case. still, we have sold non-fastener products through multiple cycles that do not include a pandemic and believe we can make several observations. generally speaking, our non-fastener business is not immune to the impact of industrial cycles. however, we would typically expect it to outperform our fastener business in any cycle. this reflects three things: the non-fastener market is larger than the fastener market, we are underpenetrated in the non-fastener market relative to the fastener market, and industrial vending lends itself to sales of non-fastener products. this is what we experienced in 2019. the outperformance of our non-fastener business was far more dramatic in 2020 than can be explained by our traditional drivers of outperformance, and reflects the impact of covid-19 on our sales of safety products, specifically ppe, and janitorial products, such as sanitizer and wipes.
our non-residential construction and reseller customers have historically represented 20% to 25% of our business, though in 2020 it was slightly below the bottom of this range. the daily sales growth (contraction) rates to these customers, when compared to the same period in the prior year, were as follows:
our non-residential construction and reseller business is heavily influenced by manufacturing, oil and gas, and infrastructure spending. in 2020 and 2019, the poor and slowing production environment, respectively and as described above, and the accompanying worsening trends for commodities such as metals and energy, caused the growth in our non-residential construction and reseller customers to slow. in 2020, this was exacerbated by project suspensions as many states and regions shut down activity in an effort to control the pandemic.
gross profit the gross profit percentage during each period was as follows:
our gross profit, as a percentage of net sales, was 45.5% in 2020 and 47.2% in 2019. the gross profit percentage for 2020 decreased by 170 basis points based on three items. (1) a decline in product margin for safety and other products, which itself reflects several trends. first, in the second quarter of 2020 in order to procure supplies we utilized unfamiliar supply chains and prioritized speed of acquisition over efficiency, resulting in lower margins. second, in the third and fourth quarters of 2020 certain pandemic related products became oversupplied, and profits on our inventory fell (masks) while other products were in such short supply that cost rose (gloves). we mitigated these effects as the year progressed, but did not eliminate them. third, mix within these categories was negative to margin, as in general covid-related products had lower margins and increased in the mix. (2) a change in product mix. fasteners are our largest and highest gross profit margin product line due to the high transaction cost surrounding the sourcing and supply of the product for customers. our fastener product line declined to 29.9% of sales in 2020 from 34.2% of sales in 2019. (3) overhead and organizational expenses. this includes the negative impact that reduced sales for certain product lines has on vendor rebates, clearance efforts to remove older and slower moving inventory, and the deleverage of certain fixed and period costs related to cyclical weakness in our traditional manufacturing and construction markets. these three adverse variables were partly offset by a better cost profile for our captive fleet. we operate our own fleet of trucks for moving product between suppliers, our distribution centers, and our in-market locations. we believe this provides us a competitive advantage in terms of our ability to move product efficiently and quickly, but there is a cost to supporting and maintaining these assets. during periods of economic weakness, it can become more difficult to charge freight to offset these costs and/or the relatively stable cost profile of these assets could result in deleverage. we successfully mitigated these challenges in 2020 by reducing movement and labor costs.
during 2019, our gross profit as a percentage of net sales decreased when compared to the prior year. the decrease was primarily caused by three variables. (1) a change in product and customer mix, as we experienced the combination of relatively slow net sales growth in our fastener product line and relatively faster net sales growth to our largest customers, for which national accounts is a good proxy and which tend to have lower margins. (2) we experienced rising freight expense as a result of costs related to transporting products, particularly shipping fees, driver wages, and fuel. (3) we experienced an increase in the cost of our products due to generalized inflation and tariffs resulting from disputes between the united states and its trade partners. we implemented several actions to mitigate the impact of these cost increases in 2019, including price increases. for the full year, the net impact of these actions was minor. however, the impact through the year differed, with a larger negative impact on the gross profit percentage in the first half of 2019 and a relatively modest impact in the second half of 2019.
(1) employee-related expenses fell within a range of 68-73% of our total operating and administrative expenses during 2020. during 2019, employee-related expenses fell within a range of 65-70% of our total operating and administrative expenses.
employee-related expenses include: (1) payroll (which includes cash compensation, stock option expense, and profit sharing), (2) health care, (3) personnel development, and (4) social taxes.
our employee-related expenses decreased in 2020 from 2019. this was related to: a decrease in full-time equivalent (fte) headcount and related base wages and employment taxes related to efforts to reduce costs given weak demand in our traditional manufacturing and construction markets; lower bonuses and commissions given weak demand in our traditional manufacturing and construction markets; and reduced costs associated with the fastenal school of business as training shifted from in-person to online. this was only partly offset by an increase in our profit sharing contribution and health care costs. our employee-related expenses increased in 2019 from 2018. this was related to: (1) an increase in fte headcount related to efforts to support growth in our business, (2) higher performance bonuses and commissions due to growth in net sales and net earnings, (3) an increase in our profit sharing contribution and options awards, (4) increases in hourly base wages, and (5) increased health care costs.
in-market locations (branches &amp; onsites)          -8.0   %                   0.2   %                 5.7   %
(1) our non-in-market selling employee count has grown in recent years due to an increased focus on resources to support our growth drivers, particularly onsite and national account growth
(2) administration primarily includes our sales support, information technology, finance and accounting, human resources, and senior leadership roles and functions. our administrative employee count has grown in recent years due to an increased focus on technology capabilities. for example, 66.7% of the increase in administrative employees in 2020 over 2019 related to our additions to our information technology teams.
occupancy-related expenses include: (1) building rent and depreciation, (2) building utility costs, (3) equipment related to our branches and distribution locations, and (4) industrial vending equipment (we consider the vending equipment, excluding leased locker equipment, to be a logical extension of our in-market operations and classify the depreciation and repair costs as occupancy expenses).
our occupancy-related expenses increased slightly in 2020 from 2019. this was primarily due to higher depreciation related to facility expansions completed in 2019, partly offset by lower utility costs in our branches. our occupancy-related expenses increased in 2019 from 2018. this was related primarily to: higher depreciation as a result of facility expansions completed during the year; and increases to industrial vending equipment.
all other operating and administrative expenses include: (1) selling-related transportation, (2) information technology (it) expenses, (3) general corporate expenses, which consists of legal expenses, general insurance expenses, travel and marketing expenses, etc., and (4) the gain on sales of property and equipment.
net interest expense our net interest expense was $9.1 in 2020 compared to $13.6 in 2019, and $12.3 in 2018. the decrease in 2020, when compared to 2019, was due to a slightly lower average debt balance paired with substantially lower interest rates. during the year, we increased the debt held under our master note agreement to $405.0 as a means of fixing a portion of our debt and freeing up borrowing capacity under our revolver. this debt has various maturities and interest rates, which collectively are at attractive levels. the increase in 2019, when compared to 2018, was mainly caused by higher average interest rates and a higher average debt balance during the period.
income taxes we recorded income tax expense of $273.6 in 2020, or 24.2% of earnings before income taxes. our income tax expense was reduced by $5.3 due to discrete items mainly relating to benefits associated with the exercise of stock options and changes in the reserve for uncertain tax positions.
we recorded income tax expense of $252.8 in 2019, or 24.2% of earnings before income taxes. our income tax expense was reduced by $2.6 as a result of applying guideline clarifications issued by the irs on certain aspects of tax reform, as well as tax benefits associated with the exercise of stock options. this reduced our tax rate in the period by 30 basis points.
(1) as a result of the tax act, discrete tax items benefited our net earnings by $7.1 during 2018.
during 2020 and 2019, net earnings increased, primarily due to stronger sales and higher operating profits, and were only partly offset by an increase in income tax expense. the increase in basic and diluted earnings per share also reflected the purchase of our shares of common stock in 2020.
liquidity and capital resources net cash provided by operating activities net cash provided by operating activities in dollars and as a percentage of net earnings were as follows:
in 2020, the increase in our operating cash flow as a percentage of net earnings is due to working capital assets and liabilities being a modest source of cash in 2020, as opposed to a significant use of cash in 2019. this includes the deferral of $30.0 in payroll taxes resulting from the cares act and a timing-related higher accounts payable balance. in 2019, the increase in our operating cash flow as a percentage of net earnings reflects a reduced drag from working capital investment than what was experienced in 2018 and, to a lesser degree, higher net income.
trade working capital assets trade working capital assets are highlighted below. the annual dollar change and the annual percentage change were as follows:
trade working capital               $(1.2)                     115.2
trade working capital, net          (15.4)                     115.9
trade working capital                (0.1)   %                   5.8   %
trade working capital, net           (0.8)   %                   6.4   %
in 2020, the annual growth in net accounts receivable reflects growth in sales, mitigated by the substantial increase in sales to government customers, which tended to have shorter payment terms in 2020, and strong collections at year end. in 2019, the annual growth in net accounts receivable reflects not only our growth in sales, but also the fact that our growth is being driven disproportionately by our national accounts program where our customers tend to have longer payment terms than our customer base as a whole. growth was also relatively stronger with customers outside the u.s., which similarly tend to have longer payment terms than our customer base as a whole. the rate of growth in receivables did slow throughout 2019, largely reflecting the impact on receivables of softer business activity.
our inventory balances over time will respond to business activity, though various factors produce a looser relationship to our monthly sales patterns than we tend to experience in accounts receivable. one reason for this is cyclical. we source significant quantities of product from overseas, and the lead time involved in procuring these products is typically longer than the visibility we have into future monthly sales patterns. as a result, trends in our inventory will often lag trends in economic conditions. a second reason is our growth drivers, including our fmi offerings, onsite channel, and international expansion, all of which tend to require significant investments in inventory. in 2020, our inventories decreased, reflecting a number of factors, including reduced stocking needs on the part of our traditional manufacturing and construction customers due to weak business activity, reduced vending and onsite signings, and good execution on initiatives aimed at improving our inventory balances. this was partly offset by covid-related ppe balances that we added in the second quarter of 2020 and have been declining over the second half of 2020, but we had no such ppe inventory in the preceding year. in 2019, our inventories increased to support higher sales, reflecting large increases in the number of installed vending devices and active onsite locations, and from inflation and tariffs.
in 2020, the annual growth in accounts payable reflected primarily the timing of certain payments that slipped out of the fourth quarter of 2020 and into the first quarter of 2021. in 2019, the slight decrease in accounts payable came as a result of softer year end business activity.
net cash used in investing activities net cash used in investing activities in dollars and as a percentage of net earnings were as follows:
the changes in net cash used in investing activities in 2020 were primarily related to an increase of $125.0 for the purchase of certain assets of apex industrial technologies llc, which was partly offset by changes in our net capital expenditures. the changes in net cash used in investing activities in 2019 was primarily related to changes in our net capital expenditures.
property and equipment expenditures typically consist primarily of: (1) purchases related to industrial vending, (2) purchases of property and equipment related to expansion of and enhancements to distribution centers, (3) spending on software and hardware for our information processing systems, (4) the addition of fleet vehicles, (5) expansion, improvement or investment in certain owned or leased branch properties, and (6) the addition of manufacturing and warehouse equipment. disposals of property and equipment consisted of the planned disposition of certain pick-up trucks, distribution vehicles, and trailers in the normal course of business.
set forth below is a recap of our 2020, 2019, and 2018 net capital expenditures in dollars and as a percentage of net sales and net earnings:
manufacturing, warehouse and packaging equipment, industrial vending equipment, and facilities                                    $91.5                     172.7                     110.7
net capital expenditures                                                                                                          157.5                     239.8                     166.8
our net capital expenditures decreased in 2020, when compared to 2019. we reduced capital spending expectations early in 2020 across most tracked categories as financial uncertainty related to the pandemic response emerged. the decline relates to lower spending on facility capacity and equipment following our investments in 2019, lower spending for vending devices as a result of our acquisition of certain assets of apex and lower signings, lower spending on our captive fleet, and lower spending for manufacturing equipment. our net capital expenditures increased in 2019, when compared to 2018, primarily due to increased spending on hub property and equipment, both to expand current capacity and for potential future expansion, higher spending on vending devices to support the growth of our industrial vending program, and investment in our trucking assets.
we expect our net capital expenditures in 2021 to be within a range of $170.0 to $200.0. this increase from 2020 relates to increased spending for a non-hub construction project in winona to support growth, higher maintenance spending across most tracked categories following tighter spending control in 2020, and lower anticipated proceeds from asset sales. these factors will be slightly offset by lower spending on vending devices due to a full year of lower unit cost following our acquisition of certain assets of apex. we anticipate funding our capital expenditure needs with cash generated from operations, from available cash and cash equivalents, and, if necessary, from our borrowing capacity.
net cash used in financing activities net cash used in financing activities in dollars and as a percentage of net earnings were as follows:
the fluctuations in net cash used in financing activities are due to changes in the level of our dividend payments and in the level of common stock purchases. these amounts were partially offset by the exercise of stock options and net payments (proceeds) from debt obligations. these items in dollars and as a percentage of earnings were as follows:
debt in order to fund the considerable cash needed to expand our industrial vending business, expand capacity and increase the use of automation in our distribution centers, pay dividends, and, in 2020, to purchase our common stock, pre-pay vendors to secure access to critical products during the pandemic, and acquire certain assets of apex industrial technologies llc, we have borrowed under our credit facility and our master note agreement in recent periods.
our borrowings under the credit facility and master note agreement peaked during each quarter of 2020 and 2019 as follows:
as of december 31, 2020, we had no loans outstanding under the credit facility and had contingent obligations from letters of credit outstanding under the credit facility in an aggregate face amount of $36.3. as of december 31, 2020, we had loans outstanding under the master note agreement of $405.0. descriptions of our credit facility and master note agreement are contained in note 10 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
unremitted foreign earnings approximately $186.8 of cash and cash equivalents are held by non-u.s. subsidiaries. these funds may create foreign currency translation gains or losses depending on the functional currency of the entity holding the cash. we have considered the financial requirements of each foreign subsidiary and our parent company and will continue to reinvest these funds to support our expansion activities outside the u.s., even after taking into consideration the deemed repatriation and transition tax under the tax act. the income tax impact of repatriating cash associated with investments in foreign subsidiaries is discussed in note 8 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
effects of inflation in 2020, we experienced changing price levels for covid-related supplies, with inflation for certain products that were in short supply (e.g., nitrile gloves) and deflation for certain products that became oversupplied (e.g., disposable masks). these were event-specific circumstances related to the pandemic. as it related to the non-covid environment, we experienced stable product costs through 2020 relative to 2019. we experienced higher product costs through 2019 relative to 2018 as a result of generalized inflation and tariffs, though the impact of these items did moderate later in the year as economic activity slowed and conditions around trade stabilized. we took actions during the year to mitigate the effects of higher product costs, including increasing product prices. these actions were not able to offset the pressure we experienced on our gross profit percentage in the first half of 2019, but were more effective at doing so in the second half of 2019.
critical accounting policies and estimates in preparing our consolidated financial statements in conformity with u.s. gaap, we must make decisions that impact the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and the related disclosures. such decisions include the selection of the appropriate accounting principles to be applied and the assumptions on which to base accounting estimates. in reaching such decisions, we apply judgments based on our understanding and analysis of relevant circumstances, historical experience, and actuarial valuations. actual amounts could differ from those estimated at the time the consolidated financial statements are prepared.
our most significant accounting policies, including revenue recognition and inventories, are described in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. some of those significant accounting policies require us to make difficult, subjective, or complex judgments, or estimates. an accounting estimate is considered to be critical if it meets both of the following criteria: (i) the estimate requires assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the accounting estimate is made, and (ii) different estimates reasonably could have been used, or changes in the estimate that are reasonably likely to occur from period to period may have a material impact on the presentation of our financial condition, changes in financial condition, or results of operations. our most critical accounting estimates include the following:
allowance for credit losses - this reserve is for accounts receivable balances that are potentially uncollectible. the allowance for credit losses is based on an income statement approach which adjusts the ending balance sheet to take into consideration expected losses over the contractual lives of the receivables, considering factors such as historical data as a basis for future expected losses. if business or economic conditions change, our estimates and assumptions may be adjusted as deemed appropriate. historically, actual required reserves have not varied materially from estimated amounts.
inventory valuation - the valuation of inventory is based on an analysis of inventory trends including reviews of inventory levels, sales information, and the on-hand quantities relative to the sales history for the product. our methodology for estimating whether adjustments are necessary is continually evaluated for factors including significant changes in product demand, market conditions, condition of the inventory, or liquidation value. if business or economic conditions change, our estimates and assumptions may be adjusted as deemed appropriate. historically, actual required adjustments have not varied materially from estimated amounts.
general insurance reserves - these reserves are for general claims related to workers' compensation, property and casualty losses, and other general liability self-insured losses. the reserves are based on an analysis of reported claims and claims incurred but not yet reported related to our historical claim trends. we perform ongoing reviews of our insured and uninsured risks and use this information to establish appropriate reserve levels. we analyze historical trends, claims experience, and loss development patterns to ensure the appropriate loss development factors are applied to the incurred costs associated with the claims made. historically, actual required reserves have not varied materially from estimated amounts.
geographic information information regarding our revenues and long-lived assets by geographic area is contained in note 3 and note 4 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. risks related to our foreign operations are described earlier in this form 10-k under the heading 'forward-looking statements' and 'item 1a. risk factors'.
certain contractual obligations as of december 31, 2020, we had outstanding long-term debt and facilities, equipment, and vehicles leased under operating leases. our future obligations to pay principal of and interest on such long-term debt and to make minimum lease payments under such operating leases are as follows:
(1) interest on the long-term debt outstanding under our credit facility was calculated using the interest rates and balances at december 31, 2020.
(2) amounts include lease liabilities for pick-up truck leases, which typically have a non-cancelable lease term of less than one year and are not included on the consolidated balance sheets as an operating lease right-of-use asset.
purchase orders and contracts for the purchase of inventory and other goods and services are not included in the table above. our purchase orders are based on current distribution needs and are fulfilled by our suppliers within short time horizons. we do not have significant agreements for the purchase of inventory or other goods or services specifying minimum order quantities.
liabilities for uncertain tax positions have been excluded from the table above due to the uncertainty surrounding the ultimate settlement and timing of these liabilities, which we believe will be immaterial. a discussion of income taxes is contained in note 8 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.