item 1a. risk factors any or each of the events described below may (or may continue to) adversely affect the global economy, global financial markets, our reputation, our regulatory, customer, or other relationships, our results of operations, our liquidity or cash flows, our statutory capital position, our ability to meet our obligations, our credit and financial strength ratings, our financial condition, or the market price of our common stock. the effects may vary widely from time to time, product to product, market to market, region to region, or segment to segment.
many of these risks are interrelated and could occur under similar business and economic conditions, and the occurrence of any of them may cause others to emerge or worsen. such combinations could materially increase the severity of the cumulative or separate impact of these risks.
these risk factors are not a complete set of all potential risks that could affect metlife. you should carefully consider the risk factors together with other information contained in this annual report on form 10-k, including "business," "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" and the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes in "financial statements and supplementary data," and other reports and materials metlife submits to the sec.
economic environment and capital markets risks we may face difficult economic conditions market factors, including interest rates, credit spreads, equity prices, derivative prices and availability, real estate conditions, foreign currency exchange rates, consumer and government spending, business investment, volatility, disruptions and strength of the capital markets, deflation and inflation, and government actions may result in investment losses, derivative losses, changes in insurance liabilities, impairments, increased valuation allowances, increases in reserves, reduced net investment income and changes in unrealized gain or loss positions.
higher unemployment, changes to inflation, lower family income, lower corporate earnings, lower business investment, lower consumer spending, elevated incidence of claims, adverse utilization of benefits relative to our best estimate expectations, lapses or surrenders of policies, reduced demand for our products, and deferred or canceled payments of insurance premiums may negatively affect our earnings and capitalization.
declining equity markets may decrease the account value of our products, reducing certain fees generated by these products, which may increase the level of insurance liabilities we carry, accelerate the amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs ("dac"), and increase funding to our captive reinsurers. additionally, lower interest rates may reduce returns in fixed income investments.
public health risks pandemics and other public health issues (such as the ongoing covid-19 pandemic), and governmental, business, and consumer reactions to them, have affected and may continue to affect economic conditions. they have and may continue to cause illnesses and deaths, changes in consumer or business confidence and activity, changes to interest rates, and governmental or other restrictions on economic activity for prolonged periods. any of these issues may cause or exacerbate any of the difficult economic conditions we describe in these risk factors.
low interest rates and risk asset returns may reduce income from our investment portfolio, increase our liabilities for claims and future benefits, and increase the cost of risk transfer measures, decreasing our profit margins. during certain market events, such as a global credit crisis, a market downturn, or sustained low market returns, we may incur significant losses due to, among other reasons, losses incurred in our general account and the impact of guarantees, including increases in liabilities, capital maintenance obligations and collateral requirements. in addition, during periods of sustained lower interest rates, we may need to reinvest proceeds from certain investments at lower yields, reducing our investment spread. moreover, borrowers may prepay or redeem the fixed income securities and loans in our investment portfolio with greater frequency. although we may be able to lower interest crediting rates to help offset decreases in spreads, our ability to lower these rates is limited to our products that have adjustable interest crediting rates, which could be limited by competition or contractually guaranteed minimum rates and may not match the timing or magnitude of changes in asset yields. as a result, our investment spread may decrease or become negative.
lower spreads may accelerate the amortization of dac, reducing net income and in turn, harming our credit instrument covenants or rating agency assessment of our financial condition. during periods of declining interest rates, life insurance and annuity products may be more attractive investments to consumers, resulting in increased premium payments on certain products, repayment of policy loans and increased persistency, while our new investments carry lower returns. a market interest rate decline could also reduce our return on investments that do not support particular policy obligations. during periods of sustained lower interest rates, we may need to increase our reserves.
interest rate increases may also harm our profitability. during rapidly increasing interest rates, we may not be able to replace the investments in our general account with higher yielding investments needed to fund the higher crediting rates required to stay competitive. this could result in a lower spread, lower profitability, decreased sales, and greater loss of existing contracts and related assets. in addition, policy loans, surrenders and withdrawals may increase as policyholders seek investments with higher perceived returns. this may result in cash outflows requiring the sale of investments on less favorable terms, resulting in investment losses. we may accelerate the amortization of dac and value of business acquired ("voba"), reducing net income, harming our credit instrument covenants and rating agency assessment of our financial condition. interest rate increases may harm the value of our investment portfolio, for example, by decreasing the estimated fair values of fixed income securities, and may increase our daily settlement payments on interest rate futures and cleared swaps, resulting in increased cash outflows and liquidity needs. furthermore, if interest rates rise, our unrealized gains on fixed income securities may decrease and our unrealized losses may increase. we would recognize the accumulated change in estimated fair value of these fixed income securities in net income when we realize a gain or loss upon the sale of the security or we determine that the decline in estimated fair value is due to a credit loss. finally, an increase in interest rates may decrease fee income associated with a decline in the value of variable annuity account balances invested in fixed income funds.
the measures we take to mitigate the risks of investing in a changing interest rate environment, such as mitigating our fixed income investments relative to our interest rate sensitive liabilities, may not be sufficient. for some of our liability portfolios, we may not be able to invest assets at the full liability duration, thereby creating some asset/liability mismatch. in addition, asymmetrical and non-economic accounting may cause material changes to our net income and stockholders' equity because we record our non-qualified derivatives at fair value through earnings, while the related hedged items either follow an accrual-based accounting model or are recorded at fair value through other comprehensive income.
credit spread risks changes in credit spreads may result in market price volatility and cash flow variability. market price volatility can make valuations of our securities difficult if trading becomes less frequent, which may require us to add to our reserves. market volatility may cause changes in credit spreads, defaults and a lack of pricing transparency. an increase in credit spreads relative to u.s. treasury benchmarks may increase our borrowing costs and decrease certain product fee income. a sustained decrease in credit spreads could reduce the yield on our future investments.
equity risks downturns and volatility in equity markets may harm our savings and investment products' revenues and investment returns, where fee income is earned based upon the estimated fair value of our managed assets. our variable annuity business is highly sensitive to equity markets, and a sustained weakness or stagnation in the equity markets may decrease these products' revenues and earnings. furthermore, certain of our variable annuity products offer guaranteed benefits that increase our potential benefit exposure should equity markets decline or stagnate.
sustained declines in long-term equity returns or interest rates may harm the funding of our pension plans and other post-retirement benefit obligations. an increase in equity markets could increase settlement payments on equity futures and total rate of return swaps ("trrs"), which may increase our cash outflows and liquidity needs.
the timing of distributions from and valuations of our investments in leveraged buy-out funds, hedge funds and other private equity funds depends on the performance of the underlying investments, distribution schedules, and the funds' need for cash. the amount of net investment income from these investments can vary substantially from period to period and significant volatility may harm our returns and net investment income. in addition, downturns or volatility in the equity markets may decrease the estimated fair value of our alternative investments and equity securities.
real estate risks changes in leasable commercial space supply and demand, pandemics and other public health issues (such as the ongoing covid-19 pandemic), creditworthiness of tenants and partners, capital markets volatility, interest rate fluctuations, commodity prices, farm incomes, housing and commercial property market conditions, and real estate investment supply and demand may adversely impact our investments in commercial, agricultural and residential mortgage loans, and real estate and real estate joint ventures.
obligor and counterparty risks our general account investments in certain countries could be adversely affected by volatility resulting from local economic and political concerns, as well as volatility in specific sectors. government entities may face budget deficits and other financial difficulties, which may harm the value of securities we hold issued by or under the auspices of such governments.
the issuers or guarantors of fixed income securities and mortgage loans we own may default on principal and interest payments they owe us. additionally, the change in value of underlying collateral within asset-backed securities ("abs"), including mortgage-backed securities, may result in a default on principal and interest payments, reducing our cash flows. the occurrence of a major economic downturn, acts of corporate malfeasance, widening credit spreads, or other adverse events may reduce the estimated fair value of our portfolio of fixed income securities and mortgage loans and increase the default rate of the fixed income securities and mortgage loans in our investment portfolio.
many of our transactions with counterparties such as brokers and dealers, central clearinghouses, commercial banks, investment banks, hedge funds, investment funds, reinsurers and other financial institutions expose us to the risk of counterparty default. such credit risk may be exacerbated if we cannot realize on the collateral held by us in secured transactions or cannot liquidate such collateral at prices sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure due to us. furthermore, potential action by governments and regulatory bodies, such as controlling investment, nationalization, conservatorship, receivership and other intervention, or lack of action by governments and central banks, as well as deterioration in the banks' credit standing, could negatively impact these instruments, securities, transactions and investments or limit our ability to trade with them. these may cause losses or impairments to the carrying value of our investments.
our efforts to manage our total exposure to a single counterparty or limited number of counterparties within or among any of our investment, derivative, treasury, and reinsurance relationships, which we adjust from time to time, may not completely or adequately mitigate counterparty risks.
currency exchange rate risks fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates against the u.s. dollar may adversely affect our non-u.s. dollar denominated investments, investments in non-u.s. subsidiaries, net income from non-u.s. operations and issuance of non-u.s. dollar denominated instruments. fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may also make certain of our products less attractive to customers, which may increase levels of early policy terminations and decrease sales volume and our in-force business. such negative effects may be exacerbated if international markets experience severe economic or financial disruptions or significant currency devaluations, if a foreign economy is determined to be "highly inflationary," or if a country withdraws from the euro zone. fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may harm our operations, earnings or investments in the affected countries.
we may be unable to mitigate the risk of such changes in exchange rates due to unhedged positions, asymmetrical and non-economic accounting resulting from derivative gains (losses) on non-qualifying hedges, the failure of hedges to effectively offset the impact of the foreign currency exchange rate fluctuation, or other factors. fluctuations in currency exchange rates may adversely affect the translation of results into our u.s. dollar basis consolidated financial statements.
derivatives risks if our counterparties, clearing brokers or central clearinghouses fail or refuse to honor their obligations under our derivatives, our risks may not be hedged. a counterparty, clearing broker, or central clearinghouse may become insolvent or otherwise unable or unwilling to make payments or to return collateral under the terms of derivatives agreements, increasing our costs. if the net estimated fair value of a derivative to which we are a party declines, we may need to pledge collateral or make payments. in addition, we may face increased costs to the extent we replace counterparties who suffer financial difficulties. furthermore, our derivatives valuations may change based on changes to our valuation methodology or errors in such valuation or valuation methodology.
terrorism and security risks the continued threat of terrorism, ongoing or potential military and other actions, and heightened security measures may cause significant volatility in global financial markets and result in loss of life, property damage, additional disruptions to commerce and reduced economic activity. the value of our investment portfolio may be adversely affected by declines in the credit and equity markets and reduced economic activity caused by such threats. companies in which we maintain investments may suffer losses as a result of financial, commercial or economic disruptions, and such disruptions might affect the ability of those companies to pay interest or principal on their securities or mortgage loans. terrorist or military actions also could disrupt our operations centers and result in higher than anticipated claims under our insurance policies.
we may not meet our liquidity needs, access capital, or may face significantly increased cost of capital due to adverse capital and credit market conditions in cases of volatility, disruptions, or other conditions in global capital markets we may have to seek additional financing, the availability and cost of which could be adversely affected by market conditions, regulatory considerations, availability of credit to our industry generally, our credit ratings and credit capacity, reduced business activity, or investment losses, and the perception of our financial prospects. our access to funds may be impaired if regulatory authorities or rating agencies take negative actions against us. we may not be able to successfully obtain additional financing we need on favorable terms or at all. we may be required to return significant amounts of cash collateral on short notice under securities lending or derivatives agreements or post collateral or make payments related to specified counterparty agreements.
our business and financial results may suffer without sufficient liquidity through impaired ability to pay claims, other operating expenses, interest on our debt and dividends on our capital stock, cash or collateral to our subsidiaries, maintain our securities lending, replace certain maturing liabilities, sustain our operations and investments, and repurchase our common stock. capital and credit market volatility may limit our access to capital we need to operate, limiting our ability to raise capital, issue the types of securities we would prefer, timely replace maturing liabilities, satisfy regulatory requirements, and access capital to grow our business, any of which could decrease our profitability and significantly reduce our financial flexibility.
we may be unable to access our credit facility, reducing our liquidity and leading to downgrades in our credit and financial strength ratings we may fail to comply with or fulfill all conditions under the unsecured credit facility (the "credit facility") metlife, inc. and metlife funding, inc. ("metlife funding") maintain. lenders may fail to fund their lending commitments under the credit facility due to insolvency, illiquidity or other reasons.
we may lose business due to a downgrade or a potential downgrade in our financial strength or credit ratings nationally recognized statistical rating organizations ("nrsros") and others may, at any time, downgrade our financial strength ratings or credit ratings, lower our ratings outlooks, increase the scope or frequency of their reviews, or increase capital or other requirements to maintain ratings. such changes could reduce our product sales, reduce cash flows from funding agreements and other capital market products, and force us to change product pricing and increase our financing costs, policy surrenders or withdrawals, collateral requirements, risk of derivative terminations, cost of reinsurance, regulatory scrutiny, or various other factors.
we may not find available, affordable or adequate reinsurance to protect us against losses reinsurers may increase our reinsurance costs, or may decline to offer us reinsurance, due to policy changes related to pandemics or other public health issues (such as the ongoing covid-19 pandemic), market conditions, or other factors. our risk of loss may increase if we decrease the amount of our reinsurance. any of these could harm our ability to write future business or result in the assumption of more risk with respect to the policies we issue.
we may incur costs as a result of a reinsurer's insolvency, inability or unwillingness to make payments, or inability or unwillingness to maintain collateral.
our statutory life insurance reserve financings costs may increase, and we may find limited market capacity for new financings if metlife's ratings decline, market capacity is limited, or on other repricing occasions, our costs to finance statutory life insurance reserves may increase. if regulators disallow assets to back statutory reserves, we would not be able to take some or all related statutory reserve credit, which may harm the statutory capitalization of certain of our insurance subsidiaries.
regulatory and legal risks changes in laws or regulation, or in supervisory and enforcement policies, may reduce our profitability, limit our growth, or otherwise adversely affect us insurance or other regulators may change licensing, permit, or approval requirements, or take other actions harmful to us. they may also take actions that harm our customers and independent sales intermediaries or their operations, which may affect our business relationships with them and their ability to purchase or distribute our products.
governments may change regulation of financial services, insurance, variable annuities and variable life insurance, securities, derivatives, pension, health care, accounting, cybersecurity, privacy and data protection, tort reform legislation, taxation, benefit plan investment advice and related fiduciary duties, antitrust as applied to the business of health insurance or otherwise, and other areas. laws and regulations may also affect customers, sales intermediaries, or others. we or others may fail to comply with these requirements or suffer adverse regulatory examinations or audits. regulators may also interpret rules differently from the way we have, or change interpretations of laws or rules, and legislators may change statutes. any of these changes may harm our ability to continue to offer products we do today or to introduce new products.
we may incur costs to comply with laws and regulations and changes to these laws and regulations may increase our expenses. our failure to comply with our own policies or with regulatory requirements may harm our reputation or result in sanctions or legal claims.
laws, regulations or regulatory actions may limit or change the type, amount or structure of compensation or benefits we offer our employees or others, which may harm our ability to compete in recruiting and retaining key personnel. we may also fail to fulfill our fiduciary or other benefit-related obligations completely.
solvency standards compliance may increase our capital and reserve requirements, risk management costs, and reporting costs. we may be subject to enhanced capital standards, supervision and additional requirements, such as group capital standards or insurer capital standards. metlife, inc. could be compelled to undergo fdic liquidation if it becomes insolvent or is in danger of defaulting on its obligations, imposing greater losses on shareholders and unsecured creditors than under the bankruptcy code. this could also apply to financial institutions whose debt we hold and could harm the value of our holdings. we could be assessed charges in connection with a financial company liquidation.
our ability to react to rapidly changing economic conditions and the dynamic, competitive markets may be impaired if our product designs do not allow frequent and contemporaneous revisions of key pricing elements, or if we are unable to work collaboratively with regulators. changes in regulatory approval processes, rules and other dynamics in the regulatory process could harm our ability to react to such changing conditions. rules on defined benefit pension plan funding may reduce the likelihood or delay corporate plan sponsors in terminating their plans or engaging in transactions to partially or fully transfer pension obligations. this could affect the mix of our pension risk transfers and increase non-guaranteed funding products.
regulators have reacted and may continue to react to pandemics and other public health issues (such as the ongoing covid-19 pandemic). they may require "no lapse" in policy coverage regardless of whether we receive premiums or are able to assess fees against policyholder account balances. they may extend insurance coverage beyond our policy or contract terms and may impose premium grace periods, suspend cancellations, lower or freeze premium rates, and extend proof of loss deadlines, including retroactively, exposing us to risks and costs we are unable to foresee or underwrite. we may also adopt customer accommodations, such as waiving exclusions, forgoing rate increases or implementing lower rate increases than we would otherwise, relaxing claim documentation requirements, relaxing eligibility criteria, granting premium credits, or other accommodations for customers experiencing economic or other distress. regulators may restrict our underwriting on public policy or other grounds, excluding factors such as exposure, quarantine, infection, and association with others suffering public health-related effects.
our new york regulator's annual scl for year-end asset adequacy testing may impose unforeseen assumptions or requirements that require us to increase or release reserves, which could affect our statutory capital and surplus.
governmental bodies may delay acting on or implementing regulatory or policy changes due to pandemics or other public health issues, or because they are attending to pandemic or public health issues rather than on other topics. this may increase uncertainty, prolong deleterious regulations and policies, delay or prevent beneficial regulatory or policy changes, and create the potential for later, more rapid changes to which we find it more difficult to adjust.
governments or others may increase our taxes by changing or re-interpreting tax laws, making some of our products less attractive to consumers changes in tax laws or interpretations of such laws could increase our corporate taxes, reduce our earnings, and increase our deferred income tax liabilities. changes may increase our effective tax rate or have implications that make our products less attractive to consumers. tax authorities may enact laws, change regulations to increase existing taxes, or add new types of taxes, and authorities who have not imposed taxes in the past may impose taxes.
customers shifting away from employee benefits, life insurance and annuity contracts, or other tax-preferred products would reduce our income from these products and our asset base, reducing our earnings and potentially affecting the value of our deferred tax assets.
we may face increasing litigation and regulatory investigations legal or regulatory actions, inquiries or investigations, whether ongoing or yet to come, could harm our reputation, ability to attract or retain customers or employees, business, financial condition, or results of operations, even if we ultimately prevail. regulators or private parties may bring class actions, individual suits, or investigations seeking large recoveries alleging wrongs relating to sales or underwriting practices, claims payments and procedures, failure to adequately or appropriately supervise, inappropriate compensation contrary to licensing requirements, product design, disclosure, administration, investments, denial or delay of benefits, pandemic- or other public health-related practices (such as those related to the ongoing covid-19 pandemic), data security incidents, discriminatory or inequitable practices, and breaches of fiduciary or other duties. we may be unable to anticipate the outcome of a litigation and the amount or range of loss because we do not know how adversaries, fact finders, courts, regulators, or others will evaluate evidence, the law, or accounting principles, and whether they will do so differently than we have.
we may face changes to interest rates, the value of our financial instruments, the competitiveness of our products, the performance of our investments, and our relationships due to libor's termination and the uncertainties in our transition to alternative reference rates regulators, agencies, or benchmark administrators may change how libor is determined, discontinue reliance on libor as a benchmark rate as planned, or establish additional alternative reference rates. any change or discontinuation of libor (or other benchmark rates) may change interest rates and the value of, return on, and markets for, a broad array of our products, our financial instruments, the instruments in which we invest, or interest rates on our borrowing or debt. the effects on our business and investments will vary depending on existing fallback provisions in individual contracts and whether, how, and when industry participants continue to develop and adopt alternative reference rates and fallbacks for both legacy and new products or instruments. uncertainty regarding the continued use and reliability of libor, regarding the calculation of the applicable interest rate or payment amount depending on the terms of the governing instruments, or regarding the application or effectiveness of alternative reference rates, could increase our costs, reduce the value of such instruments, or impair our cash or derivative positions. we may not effectively hedge or manage risks from differences among applicable fallback rates or when those rates take effect.
we may fail to adequately prepare for or react to libor discontinuation and replacement, or fail to fully protect ourselves from all the effects of such changes. we may also fail to manage adequately any transition to alternative reference rates in a way that maintains the competitiveness of our products and the performance of our investment portfolio. our transition may not effectively protect other aspects of our business, such as our operations and the accuracy of the financial models and valuations we use to gauge our risks, for financial reporting, or other purposes.
any such uncertainties or ineffective management may harm our reputation, our relationships with our investors, customers, or regulators, financial condition, and our business operations.
our efforts to meet environmental, social, and governance standards and to enhance the sustainability of our businesses may not meet investors' or regulators' expectations some of our shareholders, investors and customers, or those considering such a relationship with us, evaluate our business or other practices according to a variety of environmental, social, and governance ("esg") standards and expectations. some of our regulators have proposed esg rules or announced that they intend to review our practices against esg standards; others may yet do so. further, we define our own corporate purpose, in part, by the sustainability of our practices and our impact on all our stakeholders.
our investors or others may evaluate our practices by esg criteria that are continually evolving and not always clear. these standards and expectations may also, as a whole, reflect contrasting or conflicting values or agendas. our decisions or priorities must also necessarily, and simultaneously, take account of several business goals and interests. our practices may also not change in the particulars or at the rate stakeholders expect. as a result, our efforts to conduct our business in accordance with some or all these expectations may involve trade-offs. we may fail to meet our commitments or targets, and our policies and processes to evaluate and manage esg standards in coordination with other business priorities may not prove completely effective or satisfy investors, regulators, or others. we may face adverse regulatory, investor, media, or public scrutiny leading to business, reputational, or legal challenges.
capital risks we may not be able to pay dividends or repurchase our stock due to legal and regulatory restrictions or cash buffer needs our financial condition, results of operations, cash requirements, future prospects, capital position, liquidity, financial strength and credit ratings, as well as regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends by metlife, inc.'s insurance subsidiaries, general market conditions, the market price of our common stock compared to management's assessment of the stock's underlying value, applicable regulatory approvals, other legal and accounting factors, and any other factors our board deems relevant may preclude us from paying dividends or repurchasing our common stock.
other factors may affect our ability to pay dividends or repurchase our common stock. governments, investors or media may pressure us not to repurchase shares of our common stock or other securities, or prohibit us from doing so. our use of other means to return excess capital to shareholders may be less tax-efficient than repurchases. we maintain a buffer of cash and other liquid assets, and may increase it. as a result, we may have less capital to devote to other uses, such as innovation, acquisitions, development and return of capital to shareholders. we may also be restricted from repurchasing shares or entering into share repurchase programs at times, such as when we are aware of material non-public information.
if we do not pay dividends on our preferred stock or pay interest on our junior subordinated debentures or trust securities, terms of those instruments may restrict our ability to pay dividends on or repurchase our common stock. further, terms applicable to our floating rate non-cumulative preferred stock, series a (the "series a preferred stock"), junior subordinated debentures and trust securities may prevent us from paying dividends or interest on those instruments. we may not be able to eliminate these restrictions through the repayment, redemption or purchase of junior subordinated debentures or other securities.
our subsidiaries may be unable to pay dividends, a major component of holding company free cash flow if the cash metlife, inc. receives from its subsidiaries through dividends and other payments is insufficient for it to fund its debt service and other holding company obligations, metlife, inc. may have to issue debt or equity, or sell assets. metlife, inc. may also not meet our free cash flow or shareholder cash distribution goals.
insurance regulators may restrict dividends or other payments above certain amounts where their approval is required if they determine payments could be adverse to our policyholders or contract holders. business conditions, rating agency considerations, taxation, dividend and repatriation rules, and monetary transfer and foreign currency exchange rules may limit our insurance subsidiaries' dividends and other payments. we may need to transfer capital among our companies to comply with net worth maintenance or other support agreements, limiting capital available for other purposes.
investment risks we may face defaults, downgrades, volatility or other events that adversely affect the investments we hold in case of a major economic downturn, acts of corporate malfeasance, widening credit risk spreads, ratings downgrades or other events, our estimated fair value of our fixed income securities and loan portfolios and corresponding earnings may decline, and the default rate of our investment portfolio may increase. these changes could harm the issuers or guarantors of securities or the underlying collateral of structured securities that we hold. we may have to hold more capital to support our securities to maintain our rbc levels if securities we hold suffer a ratings downgrade. our intent to sell, or our assessment of the likelihood that we will be required to sell, fixed income securities may increase our write-downs or impairments. our realized losses or impairments on these securities may harm our net income.
the default rate, loss severity or other performance of our mortgage loan investments may change. any concentration of our mortgage loans by geography, tenancy or property type may have an adverse effect on our investment portfolio, the prices we can obtain when we sell assets, and our results of operations or financial condition. legislation or regulations that would allow or require modifications to the terms of, or impact the value of, mortgage loans could harm our investment portfolio.
pandemics and other major public health issues (such as the ongoing covid-19 pandemic) have affected and may continue to affect financial markets and our investment portfolio. these have increased and may continue to increase our risk of investment defaults, downgrades and volatility, and lower variable investment income and returns, and may cause or exacerbate any of the investment risks we describe in these risk factors.
market volatility affects the value of or return on our investments. it may slow or prevent us from reacting to market events as effectively as we otherwise could. when we sell our investment holdings, we may not receive the prices we seek, and may sell at a price lower than our carrying value, due to reduced liquidity during periods of market volatility or disruption, or other reasons. borrowers may delay or fail to pay principal and interest when due, or may demand loan modifications. tenants may delay paying rent, or fail to pay it, or demand lease modifications. we may face moratoriums on foreclosures and other enforcement actions impairments, and loan or lease modifications, due to government action or market conditions. we may also encounter credit spreads changes, increasing our borrowing costs and decreasing our product fee income. issuer or guarantor default rates may increase.
we may have difficulty selling holdings in our investment portfolio or in our securities lending program in a timely manner to realize their full value when we sell holdings in our investment portfolio, we may not receive the price we seek and may sell at a price lower than our carrying value. we may face unfavorable conditions in privately-placed fixed income securities, private structured credit, certain derivative instruments, mortgage loans, policy loans, direct financing and leveraged leases, other limited partnership interests, tax credit and renewable energy partnerships, and real estate equity, including real estate joint ventures and funds. our investments may suffer reduced liquidity during periods of market volatility or disruption or for other reasons. in addition, central banks' efforts to provide market liquidity or otherwise address market conditions may not be successful or sufficient. we may realize losses that harm our financial metrics, which could harm our compliance with our credit instruments and rating agency capital adequacy measures.
we may face similar risks if we are required under our securities lending program to return significant amounts of cash collateral that we have invested. our securities lending activities and profitability may decrease.
we may have to pledge collateral or make payments in derivatives transactions we may have to pledge additional collateral and increase payments we make under our derivatives transactions. regulators, clearinghouses, or counterparties may restrict or eliminate eligible collateral, increase our collateral requirements, or charge us to pledge such collateral, which would increase our costs, reduce our investment income, and harm our liquidity.
we may change our securities and investments valuation, or take allowances and impairments on our investments, or change our methodologies, estimations, and assumptions during periods of market disruption or rapidly changing market conditions, such as significantly rising or high interest rates, rapidly widening credit spreads or illiquidity, or infrequent trading, or when market data is limited, our assets may become less liquid. we may base our asset valuations on less observable and more subjective judgments, assumptions, or methods that may result in estimated fair values that significantly vary by period, and may exceed the investment's sale price. the estimated fair value of our securities may also decrease due to changes in valuation methods and assumptions.
business risks our actual claims or other results may differ from our estimates, assumptions, or models if our actual claims experience is less favorable than the underlying underwriting, reserving, and other assumptions we used in establishing claim liabilities, we could be required to reduce dac or voba, increase our liabilities, or incur higher costs.
the amounts that we will ultimately pay to settle our liabilities, particularly when those payments may not occur until well into the future, may vary from what we expect. we may change our liability assumptions and increase our liabilities based on actual experience and accounting requirements. our operating practices and procedures that support our policyholders and contractholder obligation assumptions, such as obtaining, accumulating, and filtering data, and our use of technology, such as database analysis and electronic communications, may affect our reserve estimates. if these practices and procedures do not accurately produce the data to support our assumptions or cause us to change our assumptions, or if enhanced technological tools become available to us, we may change those assumptions and procedures, as well as our reserves. if any of our operating practices and procedures do not accurately produce, or reproduce, data that we use to conduct any or all aspects of our business, such deviations or errors may negatively impact our business, reputation, results of operations, or financial condition. we may change our assumptions, models, or reserves due to changes in longevity. increases in the prevalence and accuracy of genetic testing, or restrictions on its use, may exacerbate adverse selection risks.
pandemics and other public health issues (such as the ongoing covid-19 pandemic) have caused and may continue to cause increased claims under many of our policies (for example, life, disability, leave, long-term care, and supplemental health products), raising our resulting costs. governments or others may fail to produce accurate population and impact data that we use in our estimates, assumptions, models, or reserves, such as death rates, infections, morbidity, hospitalization, or illness. this may cause or exacerbate any of the risks related to our estimates or assumptions. pandemics and other public health issues may cause related or consequential long-term economic, social, political, policy, regulatory, business, demographic, or other changes to our claims or other areas subject to estimates, assumptions, models, or reserves. we may not accurately predict, prepare, and adjust to these changes.
we may face a variety of political, legal, operational, economic and other risks globally the global nature of our business operations exposes us to a wide range of political, legal, operational, economic and other risks, including but not limited to: nationalization or expropriation of assets; imposition of limits on foreign ownership of local companies; changes in laws, their application or interpretation; political instability; economic or trade sanctions; sanctions on cross-border exchange listing, investment or other securities transactions; dividend limitations; price controls; currency exchange controls or other transfer or exchange restrictions; difficulty enforcing contracts; regulatory restrictions; and public or political criticism of our business and operations. some of these actions may affect us more harshly than our peers. some of our businesses operate in emerging markets, where many of these risks are heightened.
we face other risks that may affect our global operations and investments, including those related to international trade agreements, uncertainties in intergovernmental organizations, pension system reforms, labor problems with workers' associations or trade unions.
expanding our operations to new businesses or jurisdictions may require considerable management time and expenses before significant, if any, revenues and earnings are generated, which may reduce management and financial resources available for other uses. our operations in new or existing markets may be unprofitable or achieve low margins.
we may face competition for business competitive pressures, based on a number of factors including service, product features, scale, price, financial strength, claims-paying ratings, credit ratings, e-business capabilities, name recognition, performance against esg metrics, technology, adaptation in light of pandemics and other public health issues (such as the ongoing covid-19 pandemic), and other factors, may adversely affect the persistency of our products and our ability to sell products in the future. we may be harmed by competition from other insurance companies, as well as non-insurance financial services companies, which may have a broader array of products, more competitive pricing, higher claims paying ability ratings, greater financial resources with which to compete, or pre-existing customer bases for financial services products. additionally, we may lose purchasers of group insurance products that are underwritten annually due to more favorable terms from competitors. furthermore, the investment management and securities brokerage businesses have relatively low barriers to entry and continually attract new entrants. our customers and clients may engage other financial service providers, resulting in our loss of business.
an increase in consolidation activity among banks and broker-dealers may negatively impact the insurance industry's sales. it may increase competition for access to distributors, resulting in greater distribution expenses, and may impair our ability to market insurance products to or expand our current customer base. consolidation and other industry changes may also increase the likelihood that distributors will renegotiate agreements on terms less favorable to us.
in addition, legislative and other changes affecting the regulatory environment for our business may not impact all activities and companies equally, which could adversely affect our competitive position within the insurance industry and the broader financial services industry.
we may face technological changes that present new and intensified challenges technological changes may present us with new or intensified challenges. we may be unable to accurately, timely, or completely process the increased volume and variety of information relating to our businesses, including information related to deaths, that new technological tools for data collection and analysis make available. we may modify our assumptions, models, or reserves as a result of our review of such information. changes in collection and analysis of data could expose us to regulatory or legal actions.
technological changes may change how we interact with existing or prospective customers, who may expect increased choices, and we may have to redesign our products as a result. our distribution channels may become more automated to increase flexibility of access to our services and products. we may incur significant costs to implement these changes. if we are unsuccessful, our competitive position and distribution relationships may be harmed.
technological advances may also change our investments composition and results. for example, changes in energy technology and increasing consumer preferences for e-commerce may harm the profitability of some businesses. we may fail to adjust our investments accordingly or suffer stranded assets.
we may face catastrophes that affect liabilities for policyholder claims and reinsurance availability catastrophic events could increase claims, impair assets in or otherwise harm our investment portfolio, and could harm our reinsurers' financial condition, increasing reinsurance defaults. catastrophic events may also reduce economic activity in affected areas, which could harm our existing business or prospects for new business, or the value of our investments. the severity of claims from catastrophic events may be higher if property values increase due to inflation or other factors or our insured lives or property are geographically concentrated.
pandemics and other public health issues (such as the ongoing covid-19 pandemic) or other events may continue to cause a large number of illnesses or deaths. hurricanes, windstorms, earthquakes, hail, tornadoes, explosions, severe winter weather, fires and man-made events such as riot, insurrection, or terrorist attacks may also cause catastrophic losses. an event that affects the workforce of one or more of our customers could increase our mortality or morbidity claims. governmental and non-governmental organizations may not effectively mitigate catastrophes' effects.
consistent with industry practice and accounting standards, we establish liabilities for claims arising from a catastrophe only after assessing the probable losses arising from the event. the liabilities we have established may not be adequate to cover our actual claim liabilities. our efforts to manage risks may be impeded by restrictions on our ability to withdraw from catastrophe-prone areas or on internal reinsurance transactions. we may be unable to obtain catastrophe reinsurance at rates we find acceptable, or at all. we may also be called upon to make contributions to guaranty associations or similar organizations as a result of catastrophes.
we may face direct or indirect effects of climate change or responses to it climate change may increase the frequency and severity of near- or long-term weather-related disasters. public health incidents, and pandemics, and their affects may increase over time. climate change regulation may harm the value of investments we hold or harm our counterparties, including reinsurers. our regulators may also increasingly focus their examinations on climate-related risks.
we may need to fund deficiencies in our closed block, and may not re-allocate closed block assets the closed block assets established in connection with the mlic demutualization, their cash flows, and the revenue from the closed block policies may not be sufficient to provide for the policies' guaranteed benefits. if they are not, we must fund the shortfall. we may choose, for competitive or other reasons, to support policyholder dividend payments with our general account funds. such actions may reduce funds otherwise available for other uses.
we may be required to recognize an impairment of our goodwill or other long-lived assets or to establish a valuation allowance against our deferred income tax assets we may reduce our estimated fair value of business units, impairing our goodwill and charging net income, if prolonged market declines or other factors negatively impact the performance of our businesses.
we may write down long-lived assets if we conclude we will be unable to recover their carrying amount.
we may charge net income because we determine that it is more likely than not that we will not realize a deferred income tax asset based on the performance of the business and its ability to generate future taxable income. in addition, we may need to write off deferred tax assets if tax rates change.
we may be required to accelerate the amortization of or impair dac, dsi, voba or vocra adverse changes to investment returns, mortality, morbidity, persistency, interest crediting rates, dividends paid to policyholders, expenses to administer the business, creditworthiness of reinsurance counterparties, significant or sustained equity market declines, significantly lower spreads, and certain other economic variables, such as inflation, may harm the gross profit or margins that we use to amortize dac, deferred sales inducements ("dsi") and voba. these factors could cause an impairment of the value of customer relationship assets ("vocra") acquired. we may accelerate amortization in the period these occur.
we may face volatility, higher risk management costs, and increased counterparty risk due to guarantees within certain of our products our liabilities for guaranteed benefits, including but not limited to no-lapse guarantee benefits, guaranteed minimum death benefits ("gmdbs"), guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits ("gmwbs"), guaranteed minimum accumulation benefits ("gmabs"), guaranteed minimum income benefits ("gmibs"), and minimum crediting rate features could increase if equity or fixed income funds decline or become more volatile, or interest rates remain low or decrease.
our derivatives and other risk management strategies to hedge our economic exposure to these liabilities may harm our results. our use of reinsurance, derivatives, or other risk management techniques may not sufficiently offset the costs of guarantees or protect us against losses from changes in policyholder behavior, mortality, or market events.
policyholders may also change their behavior in unexpected ways. for example, policyholders and contractholders seeking liquidity due to economic uncertainty or challenges may withdraw or surrender, change their premium payment practices, exercise product options, or take other actions at rates different from those than we expect.
operational risks our risk management policies and procedures, or our models, may leave us exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risk our enterprise risk management and business continuity policies and procedures may not be sufficiently comprehensive and may not identify or adequately protect us from every risk to which we are exposed.
pandemics and other public health issues (such as the ongoing covid-19 pandemic) have caused and may continue to cause extended remote work periods and other unusual conditions. these may strain our risk management and our business continuity plans, introduce or increase our operational and cybersecurity risks, and otherwise impair our ability to manage our business. they may increase the frequency and sophistication of attempts at unauthorized access to our technology systems. they may hinder our efforts to prevent money-laundering or other fraud, whether due to limited abilities to "know our customers," strains on our programs to avoid and deter foreign corrupt practices, or otherwise, and may both increase our compliance costs and our risk of violations.
the assumptions, projections and data on which our risk management models are based may be inaccurate, and our models may not be suitable for their purpose, be misused, not operate properly, and contain errors. our decisions and model adjustments, including determination of reserves, are based on such model output and reports and may be flawed. we may fail to identify or remediate model errors adequately. our models may not fully predict future exposures or correctly reflect past experience.
our evaluation of markets, clients, catastrophe occurrence or other matters may not always be accurate, complete, up-to-date or properly evaluated. we may not effectively identify and monitor all risks or appropriately limit our exposures and our associates, vendors or non-employee sales agents may not follow our risk management policies and procedures. past or future misconduct by our associates, vendors or non-employee sales agents could result in investigations, violations of law, regulatory sanctions, and litigation. we may have to implement more extensive or different risk management policies and procedures due to legal and regulatory requirements.
our policies and procedures may be insufficient to protect us from operational risks we may make errors in any of the large number of transactions we process through our complex administrative systems. our controls and procedures to prevent such errors may not be effective. our controls and procedures to comply with and enforce contractual obligations may not always be effective. mistakes can subject us to claims from our customers.
if we are unable to obtain necessary and accurate information from our customers or their employees, we may be unable to provide or verify coverage and pay claims, or we may pay claims without sufficient documentation.
pandemics and other public health issues (such as the ongoing covid-19 pandemic) have increased, and may continue to increase, our administrative expenses and the reliability and efficacy of our processes. they may affect our employees, agents, brokers and distribution partners, vendors, other service providers and counterparties. we may have difficulties conducting our business, including continued challenges in selling some of our products, such as those traditionally sold in person. we may find it difficult or impossible to obtain required or appropriate signatures from our representatives, customers, or others for a variety of purposes, including property title-related or other governmental filings, increasing the uncertainties and risks from a variety of transactions, such as product sales, regulatory matters, or real estate-related transactions. we may face increased workplace safety costs and risks, lose access to critical employees, and face increased employment-related claims and employee-relations challenges. any of the third parties to whom we outsource certain critical business activities may fail to perform due to a force majeure or otherwise.
the controls of our vendors on whom we rely may not meet our standards or be adequate. our vendors could fail to perform their services accurately or timely. our exchange of information with vendors may be imperfect, or our vendors may suffer financial or reputational distress. each of these may cause errors, misconduct, or discontinuation of services.
our practices and procedures may, at times, limit our efforts to contact all our customers, which may result in delayed, untimely, or missed customer payments.
our associates, vendors, non-employee sales agents, customers, or others may commit fraud against us. our policies and procedures may be ineffective in preventing, detecting or mitigating fraud and other illegal or improper acts.
we may fail to protect confidential information due to a failure in our cybersecurity or other information security systems or our disaster recovery plans or those of our vendors we and our vendors may suffer computer viruses or other malicious codes, unauthorized or fraudulent access, human errors, cyber-attacks or other penetrations of our computer systems. our efforts to reduce the risk of cyber-incidents and protect our information technology may be insufficient to prevent break-ins, attacks, fraud, security breaches or other unauthorized access to our and our vendors' systems. we may not timely detect such incidents.
we or our vendors may fail to maintain adequate internal controls, fail to comply with relevant policies and procedures, or policies, procedures and controls may not be sufficient. as a result, we may intentionally or unintentionally disclose or misuse confidential personal information, or others may misappropriate it.
we, our vendors, and our customers may suffer disasters such as a natural catastrophe, epidemic, pandemic, industrial accident, blackout, computer virus, terrorist attack, cyber-attack or war, and our disaster recovery systems may be insufficient, particularly if these affect computer-based data processing, transmission, storage and retrieval systems and destroy valuable data. our ability to conduct business effectively and maintain the security, integrity, confidentiality or privacy of sensitive data could be severely compromised if key personnel are unavailable, our vendors' ability to provide goods and services, and our associates' ability to perform their job responsibilities, are impaired by a disaster. any insurance for liability, operational and other risks may be insufficient to protect us against such losses or may become less readily available or more expensive.
we may not be able to reliably access all the documents and records in the information storage systems we use, whether electronic or physical. we may fail to obtain or maintain all the records we need to administer and establish appropriate reserves for benefits and claims accurately and timely. if a breach released any of our sensitive financial information, then customers, investors, or regulators may develop an inaccurate perception of our financial condition or results of operations. we could be compelled to publicly disclose information prematurely in order to dispel such inaccurate perceptions, or in order to fulfill our disclosure obligations, even if we do not believe the information is yet completely reliable or confirmed per our usual internal controls and disclosure controls.
regulators' or others' scrutiny of cybersecurity, including new laws or regulations, could increase our compliance costs. regulators, customers, or others may act against us for any cybersecurity failures. our continuous technological evaluations and enhancements, including changes designed to update our protective measures, may increase our risk of a breach or gap in our security. we may incur higher costs to comply with laws on, or regulators' scrutiny of, our use, collection, management, or transfer of data and other privacy practices.
we may face changes in accounting standards authorities may change accounting standards that apply to us, and we may adopt changes earlier than required. we may not be able to predict or assess the effects of these changes.
our associates may take excessive risks our associates, including executives and others who manage sales, investments, products, wholesaling, underwriting, and others, may take excessive risks. our compensation programs and practices, and our other controls, may not effectively deter excessive risk-taking or misconduct.
we may have difficulty in or complications from marketing and distributing our products our product distributors may suspend, alter, reduce or terminate their distribution relationships with us if we change our strategy, if our business performance declines, as a result of rating agency actions or concerns about market-related risks, or for other reasons. our distributors may merge, change their business models in ways that affect us, or terminate their distribution contracts with us, and new distribution channels could emerge, harming our distribution efforts. distributors may try to renegotiate the terms of any existing selling agreements to less favorable terms due to consolidation or other industry changes or for other reasons. disruption or changes to our relationships with our distributors could harm our ability to market our products.
our employees or unaffiliated firms or agents may distribute our products in an inappropriate manner, or our customers may not understand them or whether they are suitable.
we may change our pension and other postretirement benefit plans assumptions we may change our discount rate, rate of return on plan assets, mortality rate, compensation level or medical inflation assumptions, harming our benefit plan estimates.
we may be unable to protect our intellectual property and may face infringement claims we may be unable to prevent third parties from infringing on or misappropriating our intellectual property. we may incur litigation costs to enforce and protect it or to determine its scope or validity, and we may not be successful.
in addition, we may be subject to claims by third parties for infringement of intellectual property, breach of license usage rights, or misappropriation of trade secrets. we may incur significant expenses for any such claims. if we are found to have infringed or misappropriated a third-party intellectual property right, we may be enjoined from providing certain products or services to our customers or from utilizing and benefiting from certain intellectual property. alternatively, we could be required to enter into costly licensing arrangements with third parties or implement a costly alternative.
risks related to acquisitions, dispositions or other structural changes we may face difficulties, unforeseen liabilities, asset impairments or rating actions from business acquisitions or integrating and managing growth of such businesses, dispositions of businesses, or legal entity reorganizations acquisitions and dispositions of businesses, joint ventures, and other structural changes expose us to a number of risks arising from, among other factors, economic, operational, strategic, financial, tax, legal, regulatory, and compliance. as a result, there can be no assurance that any acquisition, disposition or reorganization will be completed as contemplated, or at all. we may not realize the anticipated economic, strategic or other benefits of any transaction. effecting these transactions may result in unforeseen expenditures and liabilities or a performance different than we expected. the areas where we face risks include, among others, rights to indemnification for losses, regulatory, liquidity and capital requirements, loss of customers, distributors, vendors and key personnel, diversion of management time and resources to acquisition integration challenges or growth strategies from maximizing business value, and inability to realize anticipated efficiencies. our success in conducting business through joint ventures will depend on our ability to manage a variety of issues, including: (i) our exposure to additional operational, financial, legal or compliance risks as a result of entry into certain joint ventures; (ii) our dependence on a joint venture counterparty given limits on our ownership or distribution requirements, as well as for resources, including capital and product distribution, may reduce our control over, financial returns from, or the value of a joint venture; and (iii) our counterparties' cooperation or their ability to meet obligations, or election to alter, modify or terminate a relationship.
reorganizing or consolidating the legal entities through which we conduct business may raise similar risks. our success in realizing the benefits from legal entity reorganizations will also depend on our management of various issues, including regulatory approvals, modification of our operations and changes to our investment portfolios or derivatives hedging activities.
any of these risks, if realized, could prevent us from achieving the benefits we expect from such transactions.
we may face risks related to our separation from and continuing relationship with brighthouse we may not realize any or all the expected tax or other benefits of the brighthouse separation. brighthouse may not succeed, causing litigation or regulatory claims against us.
governance risks metlife, inc.'s board of directors may influence the outcome of stockholder votes on matters due to the voting provisions of the metlife policyholder trust our board of directors may be able to influence stockholder votes by virtue of the provisions of the metlife policyholder trust and the number of shares of metlife, inc. common stock held by it. trust beneficiary vote instructions are likely to have disproportionate weight on votes concerning certain fundamental corporate actions because the trustee will vote all the shares of common stock held by the trust in proportion to those instructions actually received.
we may incur regulatory, mailing, or other costs related to the termination of the trust, distribution of the common stock held in trust to beneficiaries and the resulting increase in the number of shareholders. the increase to our shareholder base with full voting rights may affect the outcome of matters brought to a stockholder vote and other aspects of our corporate governance.
stockholders' changes to metlife, inc.'s corporate governance may make it more difficult for the board of directors to protect stockholders' interests.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations index to management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations page forward-looking statements and other financial information               50
summary of critical accounting estimates                                 60
economic capital                                                         67
acquisitions and dispositions                                            67
off-balance sheet arrangements insolvency assessments policyholder liabilities                                                111
liquidity and capital resources                                         119
future adoption of new accounting pronouncements non-gaap and other financial disclosures forward-looking statements and other financial information for purposes of this discussion, "metlife," the "company," "we," "our" and "us" refer to metlife, inc., a delaware corporation incorporated in 1999, its subsidiaries and affiliates. this discussion should be read in conjunction with "note regarding forward-looking statements," "risk factors," "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" and the company's consolidated financial statements included elsewhere herein.
this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations may contain or incorporate by reference information that includes or is based upon forward-looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. see "note regarding forward-looking statements" for cautionary language regarding forward-looking statements.
this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations includes references to our performance measures, adjusted earnings and adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, that are not based on gaap. see "- non-gaap and other financial disclosures" for definitions and a discussion of these and other financial measures, and "- results of operations" for reconciliations of historical non-gaap financial measures to the most directly comparable gaap measures.
for information relating to the company's financial condition and results of operations as of and for the year ended december 31, 2018, as well as for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared with the year ended december 31, 2018, see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in metlife, inc.'s annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019.
executive summary overview metlife is one of the world's leading financial services companies, providing insurance, annuities, employee benefits and asset management. metlife is organized into five segments: u.s.; asia; latin america; emea; and metlife holdings. in addition, the company reports certain of its results of operations in corporate & other. see "business - segments and corporate & other" and note 2 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information on the company's segments and corporate & other.
current year highlights during 2020, adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, net of foreign currency fluctuations, increased compared to 2019 in many of our segments, and most significantly in our u.s. segment, despite the negative impacts of the covid-19 pandemic and related restrictions. positive net flows drove an increase in our investment portfolio; however, investment yields declined. expenses, including interest credited expenses, also declined. underwriting experience was favorable compared to 2019, and reflected impacts from the covid-19 pandemic and related restrictions. in addition, our annual actuarial assumption review resulted in a charge that was higher than the 2019 charge. a favorable change in net derivative gains (losses) over 2019 was primarily the result of a decline in long-term interest rates.
(2) consistent with gaap guidance for segment reporting, adjusted earnings is our gaap measure of segment performance. for additional information, see note 2 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
year ended december 31, 2020 compared with the year ended december 31, 2019
(1) see "- results of operations - consolidated results" and "- non-gaap and other financial disclosures" for reconciliations and definitions of non-gaap financial measures.
(2) includes amounts recognized in net derivative gains (losses) and adjusted earnings available to common shareholders. see "- results of operations - consolidated results - year ended december 31, 2020 compared with the year ended december 31, 2019 - actuarial assumption review and certain other insurance adjustments" for additional information.
(3) includes amounts relating to investment hedge adjustments, which are also included in adjusted earnings available to common shareholders. see "- investments - investment portfolio results" for additional information.
                                                                 the primary drivers of the decrease in adjusted earnings were lower investment yields and a higher effective tax rate. these declines were partially offset by higher net investment income due to a larger asset base, and a decrease in expenses, including interest credited expenses.
                                                                                                                       expenses associated with our previously announced unit cost initiative of $332 million, net of income tax
                                                                                                                       a $317 million tax benefit related to the resolution of an uncertainty regarding the deemed repatriation transition tax enacted as a part of the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 ("u.s. tax reform")
                                                                                                                       a $222 million benefit from the irs audit settlement related to the tax treatment of a wholly-owned u.k. investment subsidiary of mlic, which was comprised of a $158 million tax benefit and a $64 million interest benefit for a more in-depth discussion of our consolidated results, see "- results of operations - consolidated results," "- results of operations - consolidated results - adjusted earnings" and "- results of operations - segment results and corporate & other."
consolidated company outlook we continue to closely monitor developments relating to the covid-19 pandemic and assess its impact on our business. the covid-19 pandemic continues to impact the global economy and financial markets and has caused volatility in the global equity, credit and real estate markets. governments and businesses have taken numerous measures to try to contain the virus, such as travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, social distancing, shelter in place or total lock down orders, and business limitations and shutdowns. some governments and businesses have begun to ease some restrictions. others have reinstated restrictions they previously lifted. nevertheless, these measures have disrupted and will continue to disrupt business activity and have resulted in an economic slowdown and volatility in the financial markets, to which governments and central banks around the world have responded with unprecedented fiscal and monetary policies. although vaccines have become available, distribution and access are expected to take time before a significant percentage of the population is vaccinated. see "- industry trends - financial and economic environment."
in addition, a prolonged low or near zero interest rate environment remains possible. the economic projections of the federal reserve board suggest that the current low interest rate environment will continue until 2023, and potentially longer. we believe that our investment portfolio is highly diversified and well positioned to withstand economic downturns; however, we expect that the market-related effects of the covid-19 pandemic, as well as the sustained low interest rate environment, will continue to have an impact across our investment portfolio. see "- industry trends - impact of a sustained low interest rate environment" for discussion of the mitigating actions the company has taken to reduce interest rate sensitivity as market interest rates are a key driver of our results.
events related to the covid-19 pandemic may continue to adversely affect certain of our business operations, investment portfolio, derivatives, financial results or financial condition. see "risk factors." we have implemented risk management and business continuity plans and taken preventive measures and other precautions, such as employee business travel restrictions and remote work arrangements which, to date, have enabled us to maintain our critical business processes, customer service levels, relationships with key vendors, financial reporting systems, internal controls over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures.
we granted and continue to grant certain accommodations to our customers, borrowers and lessees, including (i) waiving exclusions, such as deferred rate increases, extending premium grace periods, waiving late payment fees, and relaxing claim documentation requirements, (ii) credits on auto and insured dental premiums, (iii) payment deferrals and other loan modifications on certain commercial, agricultural and residential mortgage loans, and (iv) certain operating and direct financing lease concessions. see note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding covid-19 pandemic-related mortgage loan and lease concessions. see also, "- results of operations - segment results and corporate & other - u.s."
as of december 31, 2020, we had $4.5 billion of cash and liquid assets at the holding companies which is above the high end of our $3.0 billion to $4.0 billion holding company cash target. in 2021, we expect to maintain this holding company cash target and expect to be within or above the high end of this range.
our capital stress testing and longstanding commitment to liquidity position us to withstand the current crisis. we have, and may continue to maintain, a higher than normal level of short-term liquidity, which may adversely affect net investment income if the reinvestment process occurs over an extended period of time. we do not expect any material liquidity deficiencies, and we expect to remain able to comply with the financial covenants of our credit agreements. see "- liquidity and capital resources." we will continue reviewing accounting estimates, asset valuations and various financial scenarios for capital and liquidity implications. see "- investments - current environment" and "risk factors" for additional information.
assuming (i) interest rates following the observable forward yield curves as of december 31, 2020, including a 10-year u.s. treasury rate of 0.91% at december 31, 2020, and 1.12% at december 31, 2021, and (ii) a mid-single digit s&p 500 equity index increase for the full year 2021, we expect the average annual ratio of free cash flow to adjusted earnings over the two-year period of 2020 and 2021 to be 65% to 75%. in addition, we remain on track to generate approximately $20.0 billion of free cash flow over the time period of 2020 through 2024.
we continue to target an adjusted return on equity, excluding accumulated other comprehensive income ("aoci") other than foreign currency translation adjustments ("fcta") of 12% to 14% over the near-term assuming non-recessionary market conditions. however, (i) given the possible effects of the covid-19 pandemic and other events, (ii) given our exclusion of metlife p&c from adjusted earnings because we expect to close its disposition in the second quarter 2021, and (iii) assuming (a) interest rates follow the observable forward yield curves as of december 31, 2020, including our updated assumptions for the 10-year u.s. treasury rates noted in the paragraph above, (b) a mid-single digit s&p 500 equity index increase for the full year 2021, and (c) positive low double digit private equity returns in 2021, we could be below the low end of the target range in 2021.
we are fully committed to achieving a direct expense ratio, excluding total notable items related to direct expenses and pension risk transfers below 12.3%. we expect pressure on this ratio in 2021 due to the pending disposition of metlife p&c with its lower direct expense ratio, but we intend to continue to exercise expense discipline and be below 12.3% for 2022.
furthermore, we also remain fully committed to our next horizon strategy, which was introduced at our december 2019 investor day.
our outlook relies on the accuracy of our assumptions about future economic and business conditions, which can be affected by known and unknown risks and other uncertainties, such as those posed by the covid-19 pandemic. due to the evolving and highly uncertain nature of the covid-19 pandemic and other factors, we will continually review our assumptions, implementing mitigation plans, and taking precautions. we may revise our outlook as we obtain more information regarding the effects of the covid-19 pandemic, the effect and efficacy of efforts taken to respond to it, economic conditions, regulatory changes, and other events, and the impact of these events on our business operations, investment portfolio, derivatives, financial results and financial condition.
financial and economic environment our business and results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the global capital markets and the economy generally. stressed conditions, volatility and disruptions in global capital markets, particular markets, or financial asset classes can have an adverse effect on us, in part because we have a large investment portfolio and our insurance liabilities and derivatives are sensitive to changing market factors. see "risk factors - economic environment and capital markets risks - we may face difficult economic conditions."
we have market presence in numerous countries and, therefore, our business operations are exposed to risks posed by local and regional economic conditions. see "risk factors - economic environment and capital markets risks - we may face difficult economic conditions - currency exchange rate risks."
we are closely monitoring political and economic conditions that might contribute to global market volatility and impact our business operations, investment portfolio and derivatives. for example, certain measures taken by governments and businesses as a result of the covid-19 pandemic to respond to the spread of the virus have disrupted business activity and have resulted in an economic slowdown and volatility in financial markets. governmental and non-governmental organizations may not effectively respond to the spread and severity of the covid-19 pandemic, increasing the magnitude and longevity of the potential negative economic impacts. we cannot yet determine or estimate the actions that will be taken, including governmental laws, regulations or orders, and the extent to which these actions have affected or will affect our business operations, investment portfolio, financial results, or financial condition. see "- executive summary - consolidated company outlook" and "- investments - current environment."
we are also monitoring the imposition of tariffs or other barriers to international trade, changes to international trade agreements, and their potential impacts on our business, results of operations and financial condition, including the impact of the trade agreement reached by the u.k. and the eu in december 2020. see "business - regulation - cross-border trade and investments." see also "risk factors - business risks - we may face a variety of political, legal, operational, economic and other risks globally."
governments and central banks around the world are responding to the covid-19 pandemic with unprecedented fiscal and monetary policies, which are expected to have significant and ongoing effects on financial markets and the global economy. in the united states, the federal reserve board continues to expand its balance sheet and board members' forecasts suggest the policy rate is likely to remain near zero through 2023. separately, another covid-related stimulus package has been passed. the european central bank has significantly increased the size of its asset purchase program, and extended its commitment to undertake purchases through 2021, reduced constraints on what and how much it can purchase, and launched new funding facilities for euro area banks, while the bank of england significantly lowered interest rates and relaunched quantitative easing. additionally, a number of european countries, including the u.k., have implemented large fiscal stimulus programs, as well as the provision of guarantees and loans for private sector companies. the eu approved a stimulus package comprised of grants and low interest financing to member states, which is expected to become operational in 2021.
in japan, the bank of japan has accelerated its purchases of interests in index-linked securities and real estate investments, increased the annual limit on purchases of commercial paper and bonds, and introduced new measures to facilitate corporate financing, including a new lending program for businesses impacted by the covid-19 pandemic. in addition, the japanese government approved additional stimulus measures, including provisions for cash payouts to individuals and business owners, tax reform, and zero-interest loans.
we cannot predict with certainty the actions that will be taken, effect of these actions or the impact on our business operations, investment portfolio, financial results, or financial condition. see "- investments - current environment."
reduce the difference between interest credited to policyholders and interest earned on supporting assets ("gross margin");
increase our reserves or trigger loss recognition events related to policy liabilities, accelerate amortization of dac and voba, and potentially impair intangible assets;
reduce interest expense, change pension and other post-retirement benefit calculations, and change derivative cash flows and market values;
change our product offerings, design features, crediting rates and sales mix; and
experience changing policyholder behavior, including surrender or withdrawal activity.
for additional discussion on gross margin and interest rate assumptions, as well as the potential impact of low interest rates, see "- results of operations - consolidated results - year ended december 31, 2020 compared with the year ended december 31, 2019 - actuarial assumption review and certain other insurance adjustments." see also "risk factors - economic environment and capital markets risks - we may face difficult economic conditions - interest rate risks;" "risk factors - business risks - we may be required to accelerate the amortization of or impair dac, dsi, voba or vocra;" "risk factors - business risks - we may be required to recognize an impairment of our goodwill or other long-lived assets or to establish a valuation allowance against our deferred income tax assets;" and "risk factors - business risks - we may face volatility, higher risk management costs, and increased counterparty risk due to guarantees within certain of our products."
mitigating actions to mitigate unfavorable impacts of a low u.s. interest rate environment, we maintain diversification across products, distribution channels, and geographies while proactively evaluating interest rate and product strategies. in addition, we apply disciplined asset/liability management ("alm") strategies, including the use of derivatives, and may take management actions such as:
lowering interest crediting rates or adjusting the dividend scale on products;
limiting or closing certain products to new sales to manage exposures; and
shifting sales focus to less interest rate sensitive products.
our ability to take such actions may be limited by competition, regulatory approval requirements, or minimum crediting rate guarantees and may not match the timing or magnitude of interest rate changes.
in addition to proactive mitigation strategies, businesses within our latin america, emea, and asia (exclusive of our japan business) segments help mitigate unfavorable impacts to our consolidated results given their limited u.s. interest rate sensitivity.
for additional discussion on interest rate risk management and our ability to change interest crediting rates or dividend scales, see "risk factors - economic environment and capital markets risks - we may face difficult economic conditions - interest rate risks;" "- policyholder liabilities;" and "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk - management of market risk exposures."
low interest rate scenarios to illustrate our sensitivity to low u.s. interest rates, we compared the outcome of two hypothetical low interest rate environments (the "flat interest rate scenario" and "declining interest rate scenario") relative to our baseline economic assumptions (the "base scenario") through 2023. the impact of these scenarios are evaluated for certain of our segments, as well as corporate & other.
the flat interest rate scenario assumes u.s. interest rates for all maturities remain at their december 31, 2020 levels and are unchanged through 2023. the declining interest rate scenario assumes (i) short-term u.s. interest rates remain through 2023 at their december 31, 2020 levels; and (ii) long-term u.s. interest rates decline immediately on january 1, 2021 with the 10-year interest rate remaining unchanged thereafter and interest rates beyond 10-years gradually falling through 2023. other than changing u.s. interest rates through 2023, all other economic assumptions are equivalent in the base scenario, flat interest rate scenario and declining interest rate scenario.
hypothetical impact to net derivative gains (losses) and adjusted earnings we estimate a net favorable impact to net derivative gains (losses) from non-va program derivatives through 2023 in both hypothetical low interest rate scenarios. we hold significant positions in long-duration receive-fixed u.s. interest rate swaps, which are most sensitive to the 10-year and 30-year swap rates, to hedge reinvestment risk. for purposes of the two hypothetical low interest rate scenarios, we have excluded all va program derivatives. for information regarding our va and non-va program derivatives, see "- results of operations - consolidated results."
we estimate a net unfavorable impact to consolidated adjusted earnings through 2023 in both hypothetical low interest rate scenarios. the negative impact of reinvesting cash flows in lower yielding assets is partially offset by lowering interest crediting rates and dividend scales on products, and additional derivative income. this negative impact is more severe in the declining interest rate scenario given that reinvestment of cash flows would be at much lower rates relative to the flat interest rate scenario.
group benefits                         -                             (5)                       (5)
group benefits                               (5)                      (15)                        (30)
segments and corporate & other the primary drivers impacting certain of our segments, as well as corporate & other, in the hypothetical low interest rate scenarios are summarized below. metlife p&c is excluded due to the pending disposition. see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information. our latin america, emea, and asia (exclusive of our japan business) segments are excluded given their limited u.s. interest rate sensitivity. for additional information regarding account values subject to minimum crediting rate guarantees, the maturity profile of fixed maturity securities available-for-sale ("afs"), and the yield on invested assets, see "- investments;" "- policyholder liabilities - policyholder account balances;" and note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
group benefits our group life insurance products are primarily renewable term policies. this provides repricing flexibility to mitigate the negative impact of reinvesting in lower yielding assets.
our retained asset accounts experience gross margin compression due to minimum crediting rate guarantees. all of these accounts are at their minimum crediting rates. additionally, we experience gross margin compression from our disability policy claim reserves for which crediting rates cannot be reduced. we use interest rate derivatives to mitigate gross margin compression for both products.
gross margin compression is limited for our group disability products, which are generally renewable term policies allowing for crediting rate adjustments at renewal based on the retrospective experience rating and the prevailing interest rate assumptions.
retirement and income solutions this business contains both short- and long-duration products consisting of capital market products, pension risk transfers, structured settlements, and other benefit funding products. based on our investment portfolios and expected cash flows, only a small portion of invested assets are subject to reinvestment risk through 2023.
a significant portion of short-duration products are managed on a floating rate basis, which mitigates gross margin compression. the two hypothetical low interest rate scenarios do not assume any additional alm actions we may take in our capital markets business.
our long-duration products have very predictable cash flows and we use both interest rate derivatives and asset/liability duration matching to mitigate gross margin compression. these mitigating strategies partially offset the negative impact of reinvesting in lower yielding assets.
asia our japan business offers traditional life insurance and accident & health products, many of which are u.s. dollar denominated. we experience gross margin compression to the extent our investment portfolios are u.s. interest rate sensitive and we are unable to offset the impact by lowering interest crediting rates. additionally, we manage interest rate risk on our life products through a combination of product design features and alm strategies.
our japan business also offers u.s. dollar denominated annuities which are predominantly single premium products with crediting rates set upon issuance. this allows for tightly managing product alm, cash flows and net spreads, which mitigates interest rate risk.
metlife holdings our interest rate sensitive life products include traditional and universal life products. since most of our traditional life insurance is participating, we can mitigate gross margin compression by adjusting the applicable dividend scale. for our universal life products, we manage interest rate risk through a combination of product design features and alm strategies, including the use of interest rate derivatives. although we are able to mitigate gross margin compression by lowering interest crediting rates on certain in-force universal life policies, these actions may be partially offset by increased liabilities for policies with secondary guarantees.
our annuity products experience gross margin compression primarily from deferred annuities with minimum crediting rate guarantees. most of these contracts are at their minimum crediting rate, and, therefore we use interest rate derivatives to partially mitigate gross margin compression.
our long-term care business experiences gross margin compression as we cannot reduce interest crediting rates for established claim reserves. long-term care policies are guaranteed renewable, and rates may be adjusted on a class basis with regulatory approval to reflect emerging experience. we review the discount rate assumptions and other assumptions associated with our long-term care claim reserves no less frequently than annually and, with respect to interest rates, set the discount rate based on the prevailing interest rate environment.
our retained asset accounts experience gross margin compression due to minimum crediting rate guarantees. most of these accounts are at their minimum crediting rates and therefore we use interest rate derivatives to mitigate gross margin compression.
corporate & other corporate & other contains the surplus investment portfolios used to fund capital and liquidity needs, certain reinsurance agreements, collateral financing arrangements, and our outstanding debt and preferred securities. for purposes of the two hypothetical low interest rate scenarios, the preferred stock dividend impact is excluded and the impact on pension and postretirement plan expenses is included within corporate & other and not allocated across segments. the negative impact of reinvesting in lower yielding assets is more than offset by the positive impact of lower interest expense on debt and lower pension expense.
although low interest rates result in pension and other postretirement benefit liabilities increasing, the impact is more than offset by the corresponding returns on fixed income investments and results in lower expenses.
competitive pressures the life insurance industry remains highly competitive. see "business - competition." product development is focused on differentiation leading to more intense competition with respect to product features and services. certain of the industry's products can be quite homogeneous and subject to intense price competition. cost reduction efforts are a priority for industry players, with benefits resulting in price adjustments to favor customers and reinvestment capacity. larger companies have the ability to invest in brand equity, product development, technology optimization, risk management, and innovation, which are among the fundamentals for sustained profitable growth in the life insurance industry. insurers are focused on their core businesses, specifically in markets where they can achieve scale. insurers are increasingly seeking alternative sources of revenue; there is a focus on monetization of assets, fee-based services, and opportunities to offer comprehensive solutions, which include providing value-added services along with traditional products. financial strength and flexibility and technology modernization are prerequisites for sustainable growth in the life insurance industry. larger market participants tend to have the capacity to invest in analytics, distribution, and information technology and have the ability to leverage the capabilities of new digital entrants. there is a shift in distribution from proprietary to third party models in mature markets, due to the lower cost structure. evolving customer expectations are having a significant impact on the competitive environment as insurers strive to offer the superior customer service demanded by an increasingly sophisticated industry client base. legislative and other changes affecting the regulatory environment can also affect the competitive environment within the life insurance industry and within the broader financial services industry. see "business - regulation." we believe that the current low interest rate environment and increased volatility of the financial markets, as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, will continue to strain the life insurance industry, as well as the broader financial services industry. in addition to financial strength, technological efficiency and organizational agility, we believe that the ability to adapt to changes in the competitive environment as a result of the covid-19 pandemic is a significant differentiator to success in the life insurance industry and the broader financial services industry, and we are well positioned to compete in this environment.
regulatory developments in the united states, our life insurance companies are regulated primarily at the state level, with some products and services also subject to federal regulation. as life insurers introduce new and often more complex products, regulators refine capital requirements and introduce new reserving standards for the life insurance industry. regulations recently adopted or currently under review can potentially impact the statutory reserve and capital requirements of the industry. see "risk factors - regulatory and legal risks - changes in laws or regulation, or in supervisory and enforcement policies, may reduce our profitability, limit our growth, or otherwise adversely affect us." regulators have also undertaken market and sales practices reviews of several markets or products, including equity-indexed annuities, variable annuities and group products and, in some states, instituted a moratorium on new reserve financing transactions. see "business - regulation," "risk factors - economic environment and capital markets risks - our statutory life insurance reserve financings costs may increase, and we may find limited market capacity for new financings," "risk factors - regulatory and legal risks - changes in laws or regulation, or in supervisory and enforcement policies, may reduce our profitability, limit our growth, or otherwise adversely affect us" and "- liquidity and capital resources - the company - capital - affiliated captive reinsurance transactions."
summary of critical accounting estimates the preparation of financial statements in conformity with gaap requires management to adopt accounting policies and make estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported on the consolidated financial statements. for a discussion of our significant accounting policies, see note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. the most critical estimates include those used in determining:
(i)            liabilities for future policy benefits and the accounting for reinsurance;
(ii)           capitalization and amortization of dac and the establishment and amortization of voba;
(iv)           investment allowance for credit loss ("acl") and impairments;
(v)            estimated fair values of freestanding derivatives and the recognition and estimated fair value of embedded derivatives requiring bifurcation;
(vii)          measurement of employee benefit plan liabilities;
(ix)           liabilities for litigation and regulatory matters.
in addition, the application of acquisition accounting requires the use of estimation techniques in determining the estimated fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed - the most significant of which relate to the aforementioned critical accounting estimates. in applying these policies and estimates, management makes subjective and complex judgments that frequently require assumptions about matters that are inherently uncertain. many of these policies, estimates and related judgments are common in the insurance and financial services industries; others are specific to our business and operations. actual results could differ from these estimates.
liability for future policy benefits generally, future policy benefits are payable over an extended period of time and related liabilities are calculated as the present value of future expected benefits to be paid, reduced by the present value of future expected premiums. such liabilities are established based on methods and underlying assumptions in accordance with gaap and applicable actuarial standards. principal assumptions used in the establishment of liabilities for future policy benefits are mortality, morbidity, policy lapse, renewal, retirement, disability incidence, disability terminations, investment returns, inflation, expenses and other contingent events as appropriate to the respective product type and geographical area. these assumptions are established at the time the policy is issued and are intended to estimate the experience for the period the policy benefits are payable. utilizing these assumptions, liabilities are established on a block of business basis. if experience is less favorable than assumed, additional liabilities may be established, resulting in a charge to policyholder benefits and claims.
future policy benefit liabilities for disabled lives are estimated using the present value of benefits method and experience assumptions as to claim terminations, expenses and interest.
liabilities for unpaid claims are estimated based upon our historical experience and other actuarial assumptions that consider the effects of current developments, anticipated trends and risk management programs, reduced for anticipated salvage and subrogation.
future policy benefit liabilities for minimum death and income benefit guarantees relating to certain annuity contracts are based on estimates of the expected value of benefits in excess of the projected account balance, recognizing the excess ratably over the accumulation period based on total expected assessments. liabilities for ulsg and paid-up guarantees are determined by estimating the expected value of death benefits payable when the account balance is projected to be zero and recognizing those benefits ratably over the accumulation period based on total expected assessments. the assumptions used in estimating the secondary and paid-up guarantee liabilities are consistent with those used for amortizing dac, and are thus subject to the same variability and risk. the assumptions of investment performance and volatility for variable products are consistent with historical experience of the appropriate underlying equity index, such as the s&p 500 index.
we regularly review our estimates of liabilities for future policy benefits and compare them with our actual experience. differences between actual experience and the assumptions used in pricing these policies and guarantees, as well as in the establishment of the related liabilities, result in variances in profit and could result in losses.
see note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our liability for future policy benefits.
reinsurance accounting for reinsurance requires extensive use of assumptions and estimates, particularly related to the future performance of the underlying business and the potential impact of counterparty credit risks. we periodically review actual and anticipated experience compared to the aforementioned assumptions used to establish assets and liabilities relating to ceded and assumed reinsurance and evaluate the financial strength of counterparties to our reinsurance agreements using criteria similar to that evaluated in our security impairment process. see "- investment allowance for credit loss and impairments." additionally, for each of our reinsurance agreements, we determine whether the agreement provides indemnification against loss or liability relating to insurance risk, in accordance with applicable accounting standards. we review all contractual features, including those that may limit the amount of insurance risk to which the reinsurer is subject or features that delay the timely reimbursement of claims. if we determine that a reinsurance agreement does not expose the reinsurer to a reasonable possibility of a significant loss from insurance risk, we record the agreement using the deposit method of accounting.
see note 6 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our reinsurance programs.
deferred policy acquisition costs and value of business acquired we incur significant costs in connection with acquiring new and renewal insurance business. costs that relate directly to the successful acquisition or renewal of insurance contracts are capitalized as dac. in addition to commissions, certain direct-response advertising expenses and other direct costs, deferrable costs include the portion of an employee's total compensation and benefits related to time spent selling, underwriting or processing the issuance of new and renewal insurance business only with respect to actual policies acquired or renewed. we utilize various techniques to estimate the portion of an employee's time spent on qualifying acquisition activities that result in actual sales, including surveys, interviews, representative time studies and other methods. these estimates include assumptions that are reviewed and updated on a periodic basis to reflect significant changes in processes or distribution methods.
voba represents the excess of book value over the estimated fair value of acquired insurance, annuity, and investment-type contracts in force at the acquisition date. for certain acquired blocks of business, the estimated fair value of the in-force contract obligations exceeded the book value of assumed in-force insurance policy liabilities, resulting in negative voba, which is presented separately from voba as an additional insurance liability included in other policy-related balances. the estimated fair value of the acquired obligations is based on projections, by each block of business, of future policy and contract charges, premiums, mortality and morbidity, separate account performance, surrenders, expenses, investment returns, nonperformance risk adjustment and other factors. actual experience on the purchased business may vary from these projections. the recovery of dac and voba is dependent upon the future profitability of the related business.
separate account rates of return on variable universal life contracts and variable deferred annuity contracts affect in-force account balances on such contracts each reporting period, which can result in significant fluctuations in amortization of dac and voba. our practice to determine the impact of gross profits resulting from returns on separate accounts assumes that long-term appreciation in equity markets is not changed by short-term market fluctuations, but is only changed when sustained interim deviations are expected. we monitor these events and only change the assumption when our long-term expectation changes. the effect of an increase (decrease) by 100 basis points in the assumed future rate of return is reasonably likely to result in a decrease (increase) in the dac and voba amortization with an offset to our unearned revenue liability which nets to approximately $30 million. we use a mean reversion approach to separate account returns where the mean reversion period is five years with a long-term separate account return after the five-year reversion period is over. the current long-term rate of return assumption for the variable universal life contracts and variable deferred annuity contracts is 6.0%.
we periodically review long-term assumptions underlying the projections of estimated gross margins and profits. these assumptions primarily relate to investment returns, policyholder dividend scales, interest crediting rates, mortality, persistency, and expenses to administer business. assumptions used in the calculation of estimated gross margins and profits which may have significantly changed are updated annually. if the update of assumptions causes expected future gross margins and profits to increase, dac and voba amortization will decrease, resulting in a current period increase to earnings. the opposite result occurs when the assumption update causes expected future gross margins and profits to decrease.
our most significant assumption updates resulting in a change to expected future gross margins and profits and the amortization of dac and voba are due to revisions to expected future investment returns, expenses, in-force or persistency assumptions and policyholder dividends on participating traditional life contracts, variable and universal life contracts and annuity contracts. we expect these assumptions to be the ones most reasonably likely to cause significant changes in the future. changes in these assumptions can be offsetting and we are unable to predict their movement or offsetting impact over time.
at december 31, 2020 and 2019, dac and voba for the company was $16.4 billion and $17.8 billion, respectively. the following illustrates the effect on dac and voba of changing each of the respective assumptions, as well as updating estimated gross margins or profits with actual gross margins or profits during the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019. increases (decreases) in dac and voba balances, as presented below, resulted in a corresponding decrease (increase) in amortization.
items contributing to the changes to dac and voba amortization in 2020 consisted of the following:
items contributing to the changes to dac and voba amortization in 2019 consisted of the following:
net increase in amortization of $106 million associated with net investment/net derivative gains (losses) and gmib, primarily driven by the following:
an increase in amortization of $25 million from net derivative gains from freestanding derivatives hedging the variable annuity guarantees, partially offset by a decrease in amortization of approximately $10 million from net derivative losses resulting from the increases in variable annuity guarantee obligations.
a decrease in amortization of approximately $10 million associated with gains from gmib hedges and the decreases in gmib obligations.
net increase in amortization of approximately $100 million from other investment activities.
financial markets are susceptible to severe events evidenced by rapid depreciation in asset values accompanied by a reduction in asset liquidity. our ability to sell investments, or the price ultimately realized for investments, depends upon the demand and liquidity in the market and increases the use of judgment in determining the estimated fair value of certain investments.
investment allowance for credit loss and impairments the significant estimates related to our evaluation of credit loss and impairments on our investment portfolio are summarized below. in addition, information about the evaluation processes and measurement methodologies and changes thereto from the implementation of new credit loss guidance on january 1, 2020, is contained in notes 1 and 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
fixed maturity securities the assessment of whether a credit loss has occurred is based on our case-by-case evaluation of whether the net amount expected to be collected is less than the amortized cost basis. we consider a wide range of factors about the security issuer and use our best judgment in evaluating the cause of the decline in the estimated fair value of the security and in assessing the prospects for near-term recovery. in accordance with new credit loss guidance adopted january 1, 2020, we evaluate credit loss by considering information about past events, current and forecasted economic conditions, and we measure credit loss by estimating recovery value using a discounted cash flow analysis. in accordance with this new credit loss guidance, we record an acl for the amount of the credit loss instead of recording a reduction of the amortized cost as an impairment. we revise these evaluations as conditions change and new information becomes available.
prior to adopting the new credit loss guidance, we used the incurred loss model. the credit loss evaluation process and the measurement of credit loss are generally similar under the new credit loss guidance and the incurred loss model.
mortgage loans the acl is established both for pools of loans with similar risk characteristics and for loans with dissimilar risk characteristics, collateral dependent loans and reasonably expected troubled debt restructurings, individually on a loan specific basis. we record an allowance for expected lifetime credit loss in an amount that represents the portion of the amortized cost basis of mortgage loans that we do not expect to collect, resulting in mortgage loans being presented at the net amount expected to be collected. in accordance with new credit loss guidance adopted january 1, 2020, to determine the mortgage loan acl, we estimate expected lifetime credit loss over the contractual term of our mortgage loans adjusted for expected prepayments and any extensions; and we consider past events and current and forecasted economic conditions. our estimates are revised as conditions change and new information becomes available.
prior to adopting the new credit loss guidance, we used the incurred loss model. the credit loss evaluation process and the measurement of credit loss are generally similar under the new credit loss guidance and the incurred loss model, except that the new credit loss guidance requires recording an acl for expected lifetime credit loss.
real estate, leases and other asset classes the determination of the amount of acl and impairments on real estate, leases and the remaining invested asset classes is highly subjective and is based upon our quarterly evaluation and assessment of known and inherent risks associated with the respective asset class. such evaluations and assessments are revised as conditions change and new information becomes available.
derivatives the determination of the estimated fair value of freestanding derivatives, when quoted market values are not available, is based on market standard valuation methodologies and inputs that management believes are consistent with what other market participants would use when pricing the instruments. derivative valuations can be affected by changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, financial indices, credit spreads, default risk, nonperformance risk, volatility, liquidity and changes in estimates and assumptions used in the pricing models. see note 10 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional details on significant inputs into the otc derivative pricing models and credit risk adjustment.
we issue variable annuity products with guaranteed minimum benefits, some of which are embedded derivatives measured at estimated fair value separately from the host variable annuity product, with changes in estimated fair value reported in net derivative gains (losses). the estimated fair values of these embedded derivatives are determined based on the present value of projected future benefits minus the present value of projected future fees. the projections of future benefits and future fees require capital market and actuarial assumptions, including expectations concerning policyholder behavior. a risk neutral valuation methodology is used under which the cash flows from the guarantees are projected under multiple capital market scenarios using observable risk-free rates. the valuation of these embedded derivatives also includes an adjustment for our nonperformance risk and risk margins for non-capital market inputs. the nonperformance risk adjustment, which is captured as a spread over the risk-free rate in determining the discount rate to discount the cash flows of the liability, is determined by taking into consideration publicly available information relating to spreads in the secondary market for metlife, inc.'s debt, including related credit default swaps. these observable spreads are then adjusted, as necessary, to reflect the priority of these liabilities and the claims paying ability of the issuing insurance subsidiaries compared to metlife, inc. risk margins are established to capture the non-capital market risks of the instrument which represent the additional compensation a market participant would require to assume the risks related to the uncertainties in certain actuarial assumptions. the establishment of risk margins requires the use of significant management judgment, including assumptions of the amount and cost of capital needed to cover the guarantees.
the table below illustrates the impact that a range of reasonably likely variances in credit spreads would have on our consolidated balance sheet, excluding the effect of income tax, related to the embedded derivative valuation on certain variable annuity products measured at estimated fair value. in determining the ranges, we have considered current market conditions, as well as the market level of spreads that can reasonably be anticipated over the near term. the ranges do not reflect extreme market conditions such as those experienced during the 2008-2009 financial crisis, as we do not consider those to be reasonably likely events in the near future.
the impact of the range of reasonably likely variances in credit spreads decreased as compared to prior periods. however, these estimated effects do not take into account potential changes in other variables, such as equity price levels and market volatility, which can also contribute significantly to changes in carrying values. therefore, the table does not necessarily reflect the ultimate impact on the consolidated financial statements under the credit spread variance scenarios presented below.
100% increase in our credit spread                    $800                                          $74
50% decrease in our credit spread                  $1,009                                          $121
the accounting for derivatives is complex and interpretations of accounting standards continue to evolve in practice. if it is determined that hedge accounting designations were not appropriately applied, reported net income could be materially affected. assessments of the effectiveness of hedging relationships are also subject to interpretations and estimations and different interpretations or estimates may have a material effect on the amount reported in net income.
variable annuities with guaranteed minimum benefits may be more costly than expected in volatile or declining equity markets. market conditions including, but not limited to, changes in interest rates, equity indices, market volatility and foreign currency exchange rates, changes in our nonperformance risk, variations in actuarial assumptions regarding policyholder behavior, mortality and risk margins related to non-capital market inputs, may result in significant fluctuations in the estimated fair value of the guarantees that could materially affect net income. if interpretations change, there is a risk that features previously not bifurcated may require bifurcation and reporting at estimated fair value on the consolidated financial statements and respective changes in estimated fair value could materially affect net income.
additionally, we ceded the risk associated with certain of the variable annuities with guaranteed minimum benefits described in the preceding paragraphs. the value of the embedded derivatives on the ceded risk is determined using a methodology consistent with that described previously for the guarantees directly written by us with the exception of the input for nonperformance risk that reflects the credit of the reinsurer. because certain of the direct guarantees do not meet the definition of an embedded derivative and, thus are not accounted for at fair value, significant fluctuations in net income may occur since the change in fair value of the embedded derivative on the ceded risk is being recorded in net income without a corresponding and offsetting change in fair value of the direct guarantee.
see note 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our derivatives and hedging programs.
goodwill goodwill is tested for impairment at least annually or more frequently if events or circumstances that management deems a triggering event indicate that there may be justification for conducting an interim test. examples of such events or circumstances are changes in business climate, including disruptions in global capital markets. effective january 1, 2020, the company adopted a new accounting pronouncement related to simplifying the test for goodwill impairment, as described in note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
for purposes of goodwill impairment testing, if the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, an impairment charge would be recognized for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the reporting unit's fair value; however, the loss recognized would not exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. additionally, the company will consider income tax effects from any tax deductible goodwill on the carrying value of the reporting unit when measuring the goodwill impairment loss, if applicable. the key inputs, judgments and assumptions necessary in determining estimated fair value of the reporting units include projected adjusted earnings, current book value, the level of economic capital required to support the mix of business, long-term growth rates, comparative market multiples, the account value of in-force business, projections of new and renewed business, as well as margins on such business, interest rate levels, credit spreads, equity market levels, and the discount rate that we believe is appropriate for the respective reporting unit.
in the third quarter of 2020, the company performed its annual goodwill impairment tests on all of its reporting units using quantitative assessments under the market multiple, embedded value and discounted cash flow valuation approaches based on best available data as of june 30, 2020. the company concluded that the estimated fair values of all its reporting units were substantially in excess of their carrying values and, therefore, goodwill was not impaired.
we apply significant judgment when determining the estimated fair value of our reporting units and when assessing the relationship of market capitalization to the aggregate estimated fair value of our reporting units. the valuation methodologies utilized are subject to key judgments and assumptions that are sensitive to change. estimates of fair value are inherently uncertain and represent only management's reasonable expectation regarding future developments. these estimates and the judgments and assumptions upon which the estimates are based will, in all likelihood differ in some respects from actual future results. declines in the estimated fair value of our reporting units could result in goodwill impairments in future periods which could materially adversely affect our results of operations or financial position.
see note 12 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our goodwill.
employee benefit plans certain subsidiaries of metlife, inc. sponsor defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans covering eligible employees. see note 18 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information on amendments to our u.s. benefit plans. the calculation of the obligations and expenses associated with these plans requires an extensive use of assumptions such as the discount rate, expected rate of return on plan assets, rate of future compensation increases and healthcare cost trend rates, as well as assumptions regarding participant demographics such as rate and age of retirement, withdrawal rates and mortality. in consultation with external actuarial firms, we determine these assumptions based upon a variety of factors such as historical experience of the plan and its assets, currently available market and industry data, and expected benefit payout streams.
we determine the expected rate of return on plan assets based upon an approach that considers inflation, real return, term premium, credit spreads, equity risk premium and capital appreciation, as well as expenses, expected asset manager performance, asset weights and the effect of rebalancing. given the amount of plan assets as of december 31, 2019, the beginning of the measurement year, if we had assumed an expected rate of return for both our pension and other postretirement benefit plans that was 100 basis points higher or 100 basis points lower than the rates we assumed, the change in our net periodic benefit costs would have been a decrease of $114 million and an increase of $114 million, respectively, in 2020. this considers only changes in our assumed long-term rate of return given the level and mix of invested assets at the beginning of the year, without consideration of possible changes in any of the other assumptions described above that could ultimately accompany any changes in our assumed long-term rate of return.
we determine the discount rates used to value the company's pension and postretirement obligations, based upon rates commensurate with current yields on high quality corporate bonds. given our pension and postretirement obligations as of december 31, 2019, the beginning of the measurement year, if we had assumed a discount rate for both our pension and postretirement benefit plans that was 100 basis points higher or 100 basis points lower than the rates we assumed, the change in our net periodic benefit costs would have been a decrease of $93 million and an increase of $88 million, respectively, in 2020. this considers only changes in our assumed discount rates without consideration of possible changes in any of the other assumptions described above that could ultimately accompany any changes in our assumed discount rate. the assumptions used may differ materially from actual results due to, among other factors, changing market and economic conditions and changes in participant demographics. these differences may have a significant impact on the company's consolidated financial statements and liquidity.
see note 18 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion of assumptions used in measuring liabilities relating to our employee benefit plans.
income taxes we provide for federal, state and foreign income taxes currently payable, as well as those deferred due to temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities. our accounting for income taxes represents our best estimate of various events and transactions. tax laws are often complex and may be subject to differing interpretations by the taxpayer and the relevant governmental taxing authorities. in establishing a provision for income tax expense, we must make judgments and interpretations about the application of inherently complex tax laws. we must also make estimates about when in the future certain items will affect taxable income in the various tax jurisdictions in which we conduct business.
in establishing a liability for unrecognized tax benefits, assumptions may be made in determining whether, and to what extent, a tax position may be sustained. once established, unrecognized tax benefits are adjusted when there is more information available or when events occur requiring a change.
valuation allowances are established against deferred tax assets when management determines, based on available information, that it is more likely than not that deferred income tax assets will not be realized. significant judgment is required in determining whether valuation allowances should be established, as well as the amount of such allowances. see note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information relating to our determination of such valuation allowances.
we may be required to change our provision for income taxes when estimates used in determining valuation allowances on deferred tax assets significantly change, or when receipt of new information indicates the need for adjustment in valuation allowances. additionally, future events, such as changes in tax laws, tax regulations, or interpretations of such laws or regulations, could have an impact on the provision for income tax and the effective tax rate. any such changes could significantly affect the amounts reported on the consolidated financial statements in the year these changes occur.
see also notes 1 and 19 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our income taxes.
litigation contingencies we are a defendant in a large number of litigation matters and are involved in a number of regulatory investigations. given the large and/or indeterminate amounts sought in certain of these matters and the inherent unpredictability of litigation, it is possible that an adverse outcome in certain matters could, from time to time, have a material effect on the company's consolidated net income or cash flows in particular quarterly or annual periods. liabilities are established when it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. liabilities related to certain lawsuits, including our asbestos-related liability, are especially difficult to estimate due to the limitation of reliable data and uncertainty regarding numerous variables that can affect liability estimates. on a quarterly and annual basis, we review relevant information with respect to liabilities for litigation, regulatory investigations and litigation-related contingencies to be reflected in our consolidated financial statements. it is possible that an adverse outcome in certain of our litigation and regulatory investigations, including asbestos-related cases, or the use of different assumptions in the determination of amounts recorded could have a material effect upon our consolidated net income or cash flows in particular quarterly or annual periods.
see note 21 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our assessment of litigation contingencies.
economic capital economic capital is an internally developed risk capital model, the purpose of which is to measure the risk in the business and to provide a basis upon which capital is deployed. the economic capital model accounts for the unique and specific nature of the risks inherent in our business. our economic capital model, coupled with considerations of local capital requirements, aligns segment allocated equity with emerging standards and consistent risk principles. economic capital-based risk estimation is an evolving science and industry best practices have emerged and continue to evolve. areas of evolving industry best practices include stochastic liability valuation techniques, alternative methodologies for the calculation of diversification benefits, and the quantification of appropriate shock levels. metlife's management is responsible for the ongoing production and enhancement of the economic capital model and reviews its approach periodically to ensure that it remains consistent with emerging industry practice standards. for further information, see "financial measures and segment accounting policies" in note 2 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
acquisitions and dispositions acquisitions acquisition of versant health for information regarding the company's acquisition of versant health, see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
acquisition of petfirst in january 2020, the company completed the acquisition of petfirst healthcare, llc ("petfirst"), a fast-growing pet health insurance administrator.
acquisition of willing in november 2019, the company completed the acquisition of bequest, inc. ("willing"), a leading digital estate planning service. this transaction brings new digital capabilities to the company and reinforces its commitment to providing simple and easy-to-use benefits that respond to consumer needs.
dispositions pending disposition of metlife p&c for information regarding the company's pending disposition of metlife p&c, reported as held-for-sale, see notes 1 and 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
disposition of metlife russia for information regarding the company's disposition of metlife russia, see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
disposition of metlife seguros de retiro for information regarding the company's disposition of metlife seguros de retiro, see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
disposition of metlife hong kong for information regarding the company's disposition of metlife hong kong, see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
expenses policyholder benefits and claims and policyholder dividends                   42,551                          42,672
interest credited to policyholder account balances                             5,214                           6,464
capitalization of dac                                                        (3,013)                         (3,358)
provision for income tax expense (benefit)                                     1,509                             886
year ended december 31, 2020 compared with the year ended december 31, 2019
management of investment portfolio and hedging market risks with derivatives. we manage our investment portfolio using disciplined alm principles, focusing on cash flow and duration to support our current and future liabilities. our intent is to match the timing and amount of liability cash outflows with invested assets that have cash inflows of comparable timing and amount, while optimizing risk-adjusted investment income and risk-adjusted total return. our investment portfolio is heavily weighted toward fixed income investments, with over 80% of our portfolio invested in fixed maturity securities afs and mortgage loans. these securities and loans have varying maturities and other characteristics which cause them to be generally well suited for matching the cash flow and duration of insurance liabilities. in addition, our general account investment portfolio includes, within contractholder-directed equity securities and fair value option securities ("fvo securities") (collectively, "unit-linked and fvo securities"), contractholder-directed equity securities supporting unit-linked variable annuity type liabilities ("unit-linked investments"), which do not qualify as separate account assets. returns on these unit-linked investments, which can vary significantly from period to period, include changes in estimated fair value subsequent to purchase, inure to contractholders and are offset in earnings by a corresponding change in policyholder account balances through interest credited to policyholder account balances.
we purchase investments to support our insurance liabilities and not to generate net investment gains and losses. however, net investment gains and losses are incurred and can change significantly from period to period due to changes in external influences, including changes in market factors such as interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, credit spreads and equity markets; counterparty specific factors such as financial performance, credit rating and collateral valuation; and internal factors such as portfolio rebalancing. changes in these factors from period to period can significantly impact the levels of provision for credit loss and impairments on our investment portfolio, as well as realized gains and losses on investments sold.
we also use derivatives as an integral part of our management of the investment portfolio and insurance liabilities to hedge certain risks, including changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, credit spreads and equity market levels. we use freestanding interest rate, equity, credit and currency derivatives to hedge certain invested assets and insurance liabilities. a portion of these hedges are designated and qualify as accounting hedges, which reduce volatility in earnings. for those hedges not designated as accounting hedges, changes in market factors lead to the recognition of fair value changes in net derivative gains (losses) generally without an offsetting gain or loss recognized in earnings for the item being hedged, which creates volatility in earnings. we actively evaluate market risk hedging needs and strategies to ensure our free cash flow and capital objectives are met under a range of market conditions.
certain variable annuity products with guaranteed minimum benefits contain embedded derivatives that are measured at estimated fair value separately from the host variable annuity contract, with changes in estimated fair value recorded in net derivative gains (losses). we use freestanding derivatives to hedge the market risks inherent in these variable annuity guarantees. we continuously review and refine our strategy and ongoing refinement of the strategy may be required to take advantage of the naic rules related to a statutory accounting election for derivatives that mitigate interest rate sensitivity related to variable annuity guarantees. our macro hedge program, included in the non-va program derivatives section of the table below, protects our overall statutory capital from significant adverse economic conditions. the valuation of these embedded derivatives includes a nonperformance risk adjustment, which is unhedged, and can be a significant driver of net derivative gains (losses) and volatility in earnings, but does not have an economic impact on us.
net derivative gains (losses). the variable annuity embedded derivatives and associated freestanding derivative hedges are collectively referred to as "va program derivatives." all other derivatives that are economic hedges of certain invested assets and insurance liabilities are referred to as "non-va program derivatives." the table below presents the impact on net derivative gains (losses) from non-va program derivatives and va program derivatives:
credit                                                              (76)                             282
equity                                                           (1,005)                           (403)
the favorable change in net derivative gains (losses) on non-va program derivatives was $537 million ($424 million, net of income tax). this was primarily due to the impact of certain derivative transactions after long-term rates declined during 2020, favorably impacting interest rate options and receive-fixed interest rate swaps acquired primarily as part of our macro hedge program. these favorable impacts were partially offset by key equity index increases in 2020 unfavorably impacting equity trrs acquired in 2020 primarily as part of our macro hedge program. also, certain credit spreads widened in 2020 and narrowed in 2019, unfavorably impacting written credit default swaps used in replications. because certain of these hedging strategies are not designated or do not qualify as accounting hedges, the changes in the estimated fair value of these freestanding derivatives are recognized in net derivative gains (losses) without an offsetting gain or loss recognized in earnings for the items being hedged.
the aforementioned $106 million ($84 million, net of income tax) favorable change in the nonperformance risk adjustment on embedded derivatives resulted from a favorable change of $58 million, before income tax, related to changes in our own credit spread and a favorable change of $48 million, before income tax, related to model changes and changes in capital market inputs, such as long-term interest rates and key equity index levels, on variable annuity guarantees.
the aforementioned $142 million ($112 million, net of income tax) favorable change in other risks in embedded derivatives reflects actuarial assumption updates and a combination of factors, which include fees deducted from accounts, changes in the benefit base, premiums, lapses, withdrawals and deaths, in addition to changes in cross-effect, basis mismatch, risk margin and fund allocation.
key equity index levels either increased less or decreased in 2020 compared to 2019, contributing to an unfavorable change in our embedded derivatives and a favorable change in our freestanding derivatives. for example, the s&p 500 equity index increased 16% in 2020 and increased 29% in 2019.
when equity index levels decrease in isolation, the variable annuity guarantees become more valuable to policyholders, which results in an increase in the undiscounted embedded derivative liability. discounting this unfavorable change by the risk adjusted rate yields a smaller loss than by discounting at the risk-free rate, thus creating a gain from including an adjustment for nonperformance risk.
when the risk-free interest rate decreases in isolation, discounting the embedded derivative liability produces a higher valuation of the liability than if the risk-free interest rate had remained constant. discounting this unfavorable change by the risk adjusted rate yields a smaller loss than by discounting at the risk-free interest rate, thus creating a gain from including an adjustment for nonperformance risk.
when our own credit spread increases in isolation, discounting the embedded derivative liability produces a lower valuation of the liability than if our own credit spread had remained constant. as a result, a gain is created from including an adjustment for nonperformance risk. for each of these primary market drivers, the opposite effect occurs when the driver moves in the opposite direction.
net investment gains (losses). the unfavorable change in net investment gains (losses) of $554 million ($438 million, net of income tax) primarily reflects 2019 gains on sales of real estate joint ventures, mark-to-market losses in 2020 on equity securities, which are measured at estimated fair value through net income (loss), higher provisions for credit loss on mortgage loans in 2020, losses incurred in connection with the dispositions of metlife seguros de retiro and metlife russia and a 2019 gain on a renewable energy partnership. these unfavorable changes were partially offset by higher foreign currency transaction gains in 2020, a 2020 recovery on a leveraged lease that was previously impaired, a 2019 tax credit partnership impairment and a loss in 2019 as a result of the disposition of metlife hong kong.
divested businesses. income (loss) before provision for income tax related to the divested businesses, excluding net investment gains (losses) and net derivative gains (losses), increased $74 million ($61 million, net of income tax) to a loss of $30 million ($23 million, net of income tax) in 2020 from a loss of $104 million ($84 million, net of income tax) in 2019. included in this increase was a decrease in total revenues of $22 million, before income tax, and a decrease in total expenses of $96 million, before income tax. divested businesses primarily include activity related to the separation of brighthouse financial, inc. and its subsidiaries, as well as the dispositions of metlife hong kong and metlife seguros de retiro.
taxes. our 2020 effective tax rate on income (loss) before provision for income tax was 22%. our effective tax rate differed from the u.s. statutory rate of 21% primarily due to tax charges from foreign earnings taxed at different rates than the u.s. statutory rate and the dispositions of metlife seguros de retiro and metlife russia, partially offset by tax benefits related to non-taxable investment income, tax credits, the finalization of bankruptcy proceedings for a leveraged lease investment and the impact from an irs audit matter. our 2019 effective tax rate on income (loss) before provision for income tax was 13%. our effective tax rate differed from the u.s. statutory rate of 21% primarily due to tax benefits related to non-taxable investment income, tax credits, tax benefits related to the resolution of an uncertainty regarding the deemed repatriation transition tax enacted as a part of u.s. tax reform and the settlement of certain tax audits, partially offset by tax charges from foreign earnings taxed at different rates than the u.s. statutory rate and the disposition of metlife hong kong.
actuarial assumption review and certain other insurance adjustments. results for 2020 include a $378 million ($301 million, net of income tax) charge associated with our annual review of actuarial assumptions related to reserves and dac, of which a $44 million gain ($34 million, net of income tax) was recognized in net derivative gains (losses).
of the $378 million charge, $120 million ($94 million, net of income tax) was related to dac and $258 million ($207 million, net of income tax) was associated with reserves. the portion of the $378 million charge that is included in adjusted earnings is $255 million ($203 million, net of income tax).
the $44 million gain ($34 million, net of income tax) recognized in net derivative gains (losses) associated with our annual review of actuarial assumptions is included within the other risks in embedded derivatives line in the table above.
results for 2019 include a $201 million ($162 million, net of income tax) charge associated with our annual review of actuarial assumptions related to reserves and dac, of which a $31 million ($27 million, net of income tax) loss was recognized in net derivative gains (losses). of the $201 million charge, $49 million ($37 million, net of income tax) was related to dac and $152 million ($125 million, net of income tax) was associated with reserves. the portion of the $201 million charge that is included in adjusted earnings is $179 million ($143 million, net of income tax). certain other insurance adjustments recorded in 2019 include a $22 million ($17 million, net of income tax) charge due to a 2019 increase in our ibnr long-term care reserves reflecting enhancements to our methodology related to potential claims in our metlife holdings segment. this adjustment is included in adjusted earnings.
adjusted earnings. as more fully described in "- non-gaap and other financial disclosures," we use adjusted earnings, which does not equate to net income (loss), as determined in accordance with gaap, to analyze our performance, evaluate segment performance, and allocate resources. we believe that the presentation of adjusted earnings and other financial measures based on adjusted earnings, as we measure it for management purposes, enhances the understanding of our performance by highlighting the results of operations and the underlying profitability drivers of the business. adjusted earnings and other financial measures based on adjusted earnings allow analysis of our performance relative to our business plan and facilitate comparisons to industry results. adjusted earnings should not be viewed as a substitute for net income (loss). adjusted earnings available to common shareholders and adjusted earnings available to common shareholders on a constant currency basis should not be viewed as substitutes for net income (loss) available to metlife, inc.'s common shareholders. adjusted earnings available to common shareholders decreased $144 million, net of income tax, to $5.6 billion, net of income tax, for 2020 from $5.8 billion, net of income tax, for 2019.
policyholder benefits and claims and policyholder dividends       (44)                         (109)                      (170)                          75                (444)                                            -                          (692)
interest credited to policyholder account balances                9                            (107)                       (43)                       (400)                -                                                -                          (541)
capitalization of dac                                             -                                5                          -                           -                -                                                -                              5
provision for income tax (expense) benefit                                                                              24                           (163)                          4                        (28)                (80)                                           116                          (127)
policyholder benefits and claims and policyholder dividends       (37)                          (83)                      (202)                          15                        (177)                                  4                         (480)
interest credited to policyholder account balances                19                           (293)                       (53)                     (1,108)                            -                                  -                       (1,435)
capitalization of dac                                             -                               20                          -                           -                            -                                  -                            20
provision for income tax (expense) benefit                                                                              (82)                         (263)                         88                        (34)                           67                                (3)                         (227)
consolidated results - adjusted earnings business overview. adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues for 2020 decreased $7 million, or less than 1%, compared to 2019. adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, net of foreign currency fluctuations, increased $340 million, or 1%, compared to 2019, primarily due to an increase in our u.s. segment, despite negative impacts from the covid-19 pandemic and related restrictions. growth in core and voluntary products in our group benefits business was partially offset by a decline in our ris business and a decrease in exposures in our property & casualty ("p&c") business. the decrease in ris was mainly driven by decreases in our structured settlement and institutional income annuity businesses, due to market conditions, partially offset by an increase in our pension risk transfer business. an increase in our emea segment was due to business growth across the region. in addition, an increase in our asia segment reflects the impact in both years of our annual actuarial assumption review, which resulted in higher fees from foreign currency-denominated life products in 2020, partially offset by lower premiums from yen-denominated life products in japan and the disposition of metlife hong kong in 2019. a decrease in our latin america segment was mainly driven by lower annuitizations in chile due to the covid-19 pandemic. our metlife holdings segment consists of operations relating to products and businesses, previously included in our former retail business, that we no longer actively market in the united states. we anticipate an average decline in adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues of approximately 5% to 7% per year in our metlife holdings segment from expected business run-off.
year ended december 31, 2020 compared with the year ended december 31, 2019
overview. the primary drivers of the decrease in adjusted earnings were lower investment yields and a higher effective tax rate. these declines were partially offset by higher net investment income due to a larger asset base, and a decrease in expenses, including interest credited expenses.
foreign currency. changes in foreign currency exchange rates had an $86 million negative impact on adjusted earnings for 2020 compared to 2019. unless otherwise stated, all amounts discussed below are net of foreign currency fluctuations. foreign currency fluctuations can result in significant variances in the financial statement line items.
business growth. we benefited from positive net flows from many of our businesses, which increased our invested asset base. growth in the investment portfolios of all of our segments and corporate & other resulted in higher net investment income. however, consistent with the growth in average invested assets, interest credited expenses on certain insurance-related liabilities increased. also, an increase in expenses was primarily due to the 2020 reinstatement of the annual health insurer fee under the patient protection and affordable care act ("ppaca") and was more than offset by a corresponding increase in adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues. in addition, lower fee income in our metlife holdings segment was partially offset by increases in our other segments. the combined impact of the items affecting our business growth, in addition to lower dac amortization, resulted in a $451 million increase in adjusted earnings.
market factors. market factors, including interest rate levels, variability in equity market returns, and foreign currency fluctuations, continued to impact our results; however, certain impacts were mitigated by derivatives used to hedge these risks. excluding the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on net investment income in our non-u.s. segments and changes in inflation rates on our inflation-indexed investments, investment yields decreased. investment yields were negatively affected by lower yields on fixed income securities and mortgage loans, and lower returns on fvo securities and real estate investments. these decreases in net investment income were partially offset by higher net investment income on derivatives. the impact of interest rate fluctuations resulted in a decline in our average interest credited rates on deposit-type and long-duration liabilities, which drove a decrease in interest credited expenses. the changes in market factors discussed above resulted in a $349 million decrease in adjusted earnings.
underwriting, actuarial assumption review and other insurance adjustments. favorable underwriting experience resulted in an $82 million increase in adjusted earnings and reflected impacts from the covid-19 pandemic and related restrictions. favorable morbidity in our u.s., metlife holdings and emea segments, as well as a decrease in non-catastrophe claims in our p&c business were partially offset by unfavorable mortality in our u.s., latin america and metlife holdings segments, as well as higher catastrophe-related claims in our property & casualty business. the impact in both years of our annual actuarial assumption review resulted in a net decrease of $60 million in adjusted earnings, primarily due to changes in economic assumptions. refinements to dac and certain insurance-related liabilities in both years resulted in an $88 million decrease in adjusted earnings, which included the impact of favorable insurance adjustments in 2019 resulting from enhancements to our claim-related processes, as well as a 2019 charge due to an increase in our ibnr long-term care reserves reflecting enhancements to our methodology related to potential claims.
expenses. expenses decreased compared to 2019, primarily due to declines in costs associated with corporate initiatives and projects, certain corporate-related expenses and employee-related costs. the decrease in expenses resulted in a $567 million increase in adjusted earnings.
taxes. our 2020 effective tax rate on adjusted earnings was 19%. our effective tax rate differed from the u.s. statutory rate of 21% primarily due to tax benefits from non-taxable investment income, tax credits and the finalization of bankruptcy proceedings for a leveraged lease investment, partially offset by tax charges from foreign earnings taxed at different rates than the u.s. statutory rate. our 2019 effective tax rate on adjusted earnings was 10%. our effective tax rate differed from the u.s. statutory rate of 21% primarily due to tax benefits from non-taxable investment income and tax credits, the resolution of an uncertainty regarding the deemed repatriation transition tax enacted as a part of u.s. tax reform and the settlement of certain tax audits, partially offset by tax charges from foreign earnings taxed at different rates than the u.s. statutory rate.
business overview. adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues for 2020 increased $526 million, or 2%, compared to 2019, attributable to higher premiums in our group benefits business, partially offset by decreases in our ris and p&c businesses. the increase in group benefits was primarily due to growth in core and voluntary products despite negative pressures from the economic impact of the covid-19 pandemic. growth in our core products was driven by increases in our group life and vision businesses. in our dental business, higher premiums due to business growth were more than offset by premium credits granted to customers due to covid-19 pandemic restrictions. growth in our voluntary products increased across the segment, driven by the impact of new sales and growth in membership in our accident & health and legal plans businesses. the decrease in ris was mainly driven by decreases in our structured settlement and institutional income annuity businesses, due to market conditions, partially offset by an increase in our pension risk transfer business. changes in ris premiums are mostly offset by a corresponding change in policyholder benefits. the decrease in p&c was primarily driven by a decrease in exposures in both the auto and homeowners businesses, as well as the impact of premium credits granted to customers as a result of covid-19 pandemic restrictions, partially offset by the impact of pricing actions, mainly in the homeowners business.
growth in ris's capital market investments and stable value businesses resulted in higher fees and interest margins.
for information regarding the company's pending disposition of metlife p&c and the acquisition of versant health, see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
adjusted expenses policyholder benefits and claims and policyholder dividends          26,309                          26,165
interest credited to policyholder account balances                    1,622                           1,984
capitalization of dac                                                 (453)                           (484)
provision for income tax expense (benefit)                              853                             724
year ended december 31, 2020 compared with the year ended december 31, 2019
business growth. the impact of positive flows from pension risk transfer transactions in 2019, funding agreement issuances and structured settlements resulted in higher average invested assets, improving net investment income. however, consistent with the growth in average invested assets, interest credited expenses on long-duration and deposit-type liabilities increased. higher volume-related, premium tax and direct expenses, driven by business growth, coupled with the increase due to the 2020 reinstatement of the annual health insurer fee under the ppaca, were more than offset by a corresponding increase in adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues and lower pension and post-retirement expenses. the combined impact of the items affecting our business growth increased adjusted earnings by $156 million.
market factors. market factors, including interest rate levels, variability in equity market returns and foreign currency fluctuations, continued to impact our results; however, certain impacts were mitigated by derivatives used to hedge these risks. investment yields decreased primarily driven by lower yields on fixed income securities and mortgage loans, as well as lower returns on real estate investments. these decreases were partially offset by increases in net investment income on derivatives and securities lending income. the impact of interest rate fluctuations resulted in a decrease in our average interest credited rates on deposit-type and long-duration liabilities, which drove a decrease in interest credited expenses. the changes in market factors discussed above resulted in a $116 million increase in adjusted earnings.
underwriting and other insurance adjustments. favorable claims experience, coupled with the impact of growth in our group benefits business, resulted in a $363 million increase in adjusted earnings. this increase was primarily driven by: (i) favorable dental results, driven by the impact of covid-19 pandemic restrictions which limited availability of services and reduced utilization in the current period; (ii) the impact of business growth and favorable claims experience in our accident & health business; and (iii) favorable claims experience in our group disability business, partially offset by less favorable individual disability results. favorable mortality in our ris business resulted in an increase in adjusted earnings of $154 million, driven by our pension risk transfer, institutional income annuity and structured settlement businesses. unfavorable mortality in our group benefits business resulted in a decrease in adjusted earnings of $407 million. this was primarily driven by the impact of covid-19 claims experience across our life businesses, as well as the impact of lower incidence in 2019 in our term life business, partially offset by favorable results in our accidental death & dismemberment business due to lower incidence as a result of covid-19 pandemic restrictions. in our p&c business, adjusted earnings increased $62 million due to a decrease in non-catastrophe claims costs of $197 million, partially offset by a $108 million increase in catastrophe-related claims costs, primarily driven by northeast and midwest storms, and the impact of adverse prior year development of $27 million. the decrease in non-catastrophe claims costs was the result of lower frequencies, primarily in our auto business, driven by the impact of lower mileage driven due to the impact of covid-19 pandemic restrictions, partially offset by higher severity. refinements to certain insurance and other liabilities in both years resulted in a $59 million decrease in adjusted earnings, which included the impact of favorable insurance adjustments in 2019 resulting from enhancements to our claim-related processes.
asia business overview. adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues for 2020 increased $162 million, or 2%, compared to 2019. adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, net of foreign currency fluctuations, increased $51 million, or 1%, compared to 2019, mainly due to the impact in both periods of our annual actuarial assumption review, which resulted in higher fees from foreign currency-denominated life products in 2020, partially offset by lower premiums from yen-denominated life products in japan and the disposition of metlife hong kong in 2019.
adjusted expenses policyholder benefits and claims and policyholder dividends                       5,213                           5,185
interest credited to policyholder account balances                                1,834                           1,710
capitalization of dac                                                           (1,652)                         (1,913)
provision for income tax expense (benefit)                                          643                             585
year ended december 31, 2020 compared with the year ended december 31, 2019
foreign currency. changes in foreign currency exchange rates decreased adjusted earnings slightly for 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to the weakening of the australian dollar and korean won, essentially offset by the strengthening of the japanese yen against the u.s. dollar. unless otherwise stated, all amounts discussed below are net of foreign currency fluctuations. foreign currency fluctuations can result in significant variances in the financial statement line items.
business growth. positive net flows in japan and korea resulted in higher average invested assets, which improved net investment income. the increase in net investment income was partially offset by a corresponding increase in interest credited expenses on certain insurance liabilities. the decrease in asia's adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues from yen-denominated life products in japan and the disposition of metlife hong kong in 2019 was partially offset by a related decline in policyholder benefits. lower commissions and other variable expenses, net of dac capitalization, resulted in an increase to adjusted earnings. the combined impact of the items affecting our business growth improved adjusted earnings by $132 million.
market factors. market factors, including interest rate levels and variability in equity market returns, continued to impact our results; however, certain impacts were mitigated by derivatives used to hedge these risks. investment yields were unfavorably impacted by lower yields on fixed income securities supporting products sold in japan denominated in australian dollar, u.s. dollar and, to a lesser extent, japanese yen. these unfavorable impacts were partially offset by increased net investment income on derivatives and higher returns on private equity funds. the changes in market factors discussed above increased adjusted earnings by $20 million.
underwriting, actuarial assumption review and other insurance adjustments. lower claims, primarily in japan and korea, increased adjusted earnings by $16 million. the impact in both years of our annual actuarial assumption review resulted in a net decrease of $9 million in adjusted earnings. refinements to certain insurance liabilities and other liabilities in both years resulted in a $10 million decrease in adjusted earnings.
latin america business overview. adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues for 2020 decreased $564 million, or 15%, compared to 2019. adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, net of foreign currency fluctuations, decreased $131 million, or 4%, compared to 2019, mainly driven by lower annuitizations in chile due to the covid-19 pandemic.
adjusted expenses policyholder benefits and claims and policyholder dividends                       2,406                           2,623
interest credited to policyholder account balances                                  240                             332
capitalization of dac                                                             (362)                           (396)
provision for income tax expense (benefit)                                          127                             227
year ended december 31, 2020 compared with the year ended december 31, 2019
foreign currency. changes in foreign currency exchange rates decreased adjusted earnings by $74 million for 2020 compared to 2019, mainly due to the weakening of foreign currencies against the u.s. dollar, primarily the mexican and chilean pesos. unless otherwise stated, all amounts discussed below are net of foreign currency fluctuations. foreign currency fluctuations can result in significant variances in the financial statement line items.
business growth. despite the aforementioned decrease in annuity premiums in chile driven by the covid-19 pandemic, latin america experienced growth in mexico. the decrease in premiums in chile was offset by related changes in policyholder benefits. an increase in average invested assets, primarily in chile, generated higher net investment income. in addition, interest credited expenses on certain insurance liabilities decreased and policy fee income increased in our universal life business in mexico. business growth also drove an increase in commissions and other variable expenses, net of dac capitalization. the combined impact of the items affecting business growth increased adjusted earnings by $55 million.
market factors. market factors, including interest rate levels and variability in equity market returns, continued to impact our results; however, certain impacts were mitigated by derivatives used to hedge these risks. investment yields decreased driven by lower yields on fixed income securities and mortgage loans, the unfavorable impact of equity market returns on our chilean encaje within fvo securities, as well as lower returns on private equity funds and lower net investment income on derivatives. the changes in market factors discussed above, partially offset by a decrease in interest credited expenses, decreased adjusted earnings by $94 million.
underwriting, actuarial assumption review and other insurance adjustments. unfavorable underwriting drove a $197 million decrease in adjusted earnings which includes impacts from covid-19-related life claims, primarily in mexico. the impact in both years of our annual actuarial assumption review resulted in a net decrease of $19 million in adjusted earnings. refinements to certain insurance liabilities and other liabilities in both years resulted in a $9 million increase in adjusted earnings.
emea business overview. adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues for 2020 increased $90 million, or 3%, compared to 2019. adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, net of foreign currency fluctuations, increased $115 million, or 4%, compared to 2019 due to growth across the region, mainly in our accident & health business, our credit life business in turkey and europe and our corporate solutions business in egypt and the u.k. these improvements were partially offset by a decrease in our retirement business in the u.k., as well as the impact in both years of our annual actuarial assumption review.
adjusted expenses policyholder benefits and claims and policyholder dividends                       1,196                           1,176
interest credited to policyholder account balances                                  109                              98
capitalization of dac                                                             (491)                           (505)
provision for income tax expense (benefit)                                           81                              75
year ended december 31, 2020 compared with the year ended december 31, 2019
foreign currency. changes in foreign currency exchange rates decreased adjusted earnings by $11 million for 2020 as compared to 2019, primarily driven by the strengthening of the u.s. dollar against the turkish lira. unless otherwise stated, all amounts discussed below are net of foreign currency fluctuations. foreign currency fluctuations can result in significant variances in the financial statement line items.
business growth. growth across the region, mainly in our credit life business in turkey, our accident & health business in europe and our pension business in romania increased adjusted earnings by $19 million.
market factors. market factors, including interest rate levels and variability in equity market returns, continued to impact our results. dac amortization increased in our variable life business. in addition, investment yields were lower across the region. the changes in market factors discussed above resulted in a $25 million decrease in adjusted earnings.
underwriting, actuarial assumption review and other insurance adjustments. adjusted earnings increased by $22 million as a result of favorable underwriting experience in our corporate solutions business across the majority of the region, partially offset by unfavorable underwriting in our accident & health business in greece and in our ordinary life business in france. underwriting results reflect impacts of the covid-19 pandemic and related restrictions. the impact in both years of our annual actuarial assumption review resulted in a net decrease of $18 million in adjusted earnings. refinements to certain insurance-related assets and liabilities in both years resulted in an $8 million decrease in adjusted earnings.
expenses and taxes. adjusted earnings increased by $64 million, mainly driven by lower compensation-related expenses, lower costs associated with enterprise-wide initiatives, and various other expense decreases. tax-related adjustments in both years slightly increased adjusted earnings.
metlife holdings business overview. our metlife holdings segment consists of operations relating to products and businesses, previously included in our former retail business, that we no longer actively market in the united states. we anticipate an average decline in adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues of approximately 5% to 7% per year from expected business run-off. a significant portion of our adjusted earnings is driven by separate account balances. most directly, these balances determine asset-based fee income but they also impact dac amortization and asset-based commissions. separate account balances are driven by movements in the market, surrenders, deposits, withdrawals, benefit payments, transfers and policy charges. although we have discontinued selling our long-term care product, we continue to collect premiums and administer the existing block of business, which contributed to asset growth in the segment, and we expect the related reserves to grow as this block matures. our future policyholder benefit liability for our long-term care business was $14.3 billion and $12.5 billion as of december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
adjusted expenses policyholder benefits and claims and policyholder dividends           6,738                           6,970
interest credited to policyholder account balances                      868                             905
capitalization of dac                                                  (39)                            (28)
provision for income tax expense (benefit)                              234                             249
year ended december 31, 2020 compared with the year ended december 31, 2019
business growth. negative net flows from our deferred annuities business and a decrease in universal life deposits resulted in lower fee income. also, in our deferred annuity business, higher costs associated with our variable annuity gmdbs resulted in a decrease in adjusted earnings. these decreases were partially offset by higher net investment income, resulting from a higher invested asset base, as well as lower dac amortization. the higher invested asset base was primarily the result of positive net flows in our long-term care business. the combined impact of the items affecting our business growth resulted in a $34 million decrease in adjusted earnings.
market factors. market factors, including interest rate levels, variability in equity market returns, and foreign currency fluctuations, continued to impact our results; however, certain impacts were mitigated by derivatives used to hedge these risks. investment yields decreased primarily due to lower yields on fixed income securities and mortgage loans, as well as lower returns on real estate investments. these decreases were partially offset by higher net investment income on derivatives. in our deferred annuity business, higher costs associated with our variable annuity gmdbs resulted in a decrease in adjusted earnings. these unfavorable earnings impacts were partially offset by an increase in asset-based fee income and lower dac amortization. the changes in market factors discussed above resulted in a $76 million decrease in adjusted earnings.
underwriting, actuarial assumption review, and other insurance adjustments. favorable underwriting, mainly in our long-term care and universal life businesses, partially offset by unfavorable underwriting in our traditional life business resulted in a $63 million increase in adjusted earnings, which reflects the impact of the covid-19 pandemic. the impact in both years of our annual actuarial assumption review resulted in a net decrease of $14 million in adjusted earnings. changes mainly in economic assumptions, including interest rate projections, and updates to the closed block projections, were slightly more unfavorable in 2020 when compared to 2019. refinements to dac and certain insurance-related liabilities in both years resulted in a $20 million decrease in adjusted earnings. this includes a 2019 charge due to an increase in our ibnr long-term care reserves reflecting enhancements to our methodology related to potential claims. a reduction in our dividend scale as a result of the sustained low interest rate environment, as well as run-off in mlic's closed block, contributed to lower dividend expense and resulted in an increase of $106 million in adjusted earnings. the impact of this dividend action was more than offset by lower net investment income, as well as a $97 million increase in dac amortization.
expenses. adjusted earnings increased by $16 million mainly due to lower operational costs, as well as lower pension and post-retirement benefits.
adjusted expenses policyholder benefits and claims and policyholder dividends             (3)                              73
capitalization of dac                                                  (11)                            (12)
provision for income tax expense (benefit)                            (556)                         (1,201)
business activities                                                                 $96                             $70
corporate initiatives and projects                                                (159)                           (563)
provision for income tax (expense) benefit and other tax-related items              556                           1,288
year ended december 31, 2020 compared with the year ended december 31, 2019
business activities. adjusted earnings from business activities increased $21 million. this was primarily related to improved results from certain of our businesses.
net investment income. net investment income declined $186 million, primarily due to decreased returns on our equity market sensitive investments, including private equity funds, as well as lower yields on our fixed income securities.
interest expense on debt. interest expense on debt decreased by $28 million, primarily due to the excess premium associated with redeemed debt in 2019, as well as the impact of a decrease in three-month libor on our surplus notes, partially offset by the issuance of senior notes at lower interest rates in march 2020 and may 2019.
corporate initiatives and projects. adjusted earnings increased $319 million due to lower expenses associated with corporate initiatives and projects, primarily due to 2019 costs related to our unit cost initiative.
provision for income tax (expense) benefit and other tax-related items. an unfavorable change in corporate & other's taxes was primarily due to 2019 tax benefits related to the resolution of an uncertainty regarding the deemed repatriation transition tax enacted as a part of u.s. tax reform and the settlement of certain tax audits related to the tax treatment of a wholly-owned u.k. investment subsidiary of mlic. in addition, lower utilization of tax preferenced items, which include non-taxable investment income, tax credits, foreign earnings taxed at different rates than the u.s. statutory rate and taxes on stock compensation, was partially offset by the finalization of bankruptcy proceedings for a leveraged lease investment.
other. adjusted earnings increased $141 million, primarily as a result of decreases in certain corporate-related expenses, lower employee-related costs, and a 2019 loss related to the sale of a run-off business that was previously reinsured, partially offset by higher interest expenses on tax positions due to 2019 audit settlements and higher legal expenses.
an increase in inflation could affect our business in several ways. during inflationary periods, the value of fixed income investments falls which could increase realized and unrealized losses. inflation also increases expenses for labor and other costs, potentially putting pressure on profitability if such costs cannot be passed through in our product prices. inflation could also lead to increased costs for losses and loss adjustment expenses in certain of our businesses, which could require us to adjust our pricing to reflect our expectations for future inflation. prolonged and elevated inflation could adversely affect the financial markets and the economy generally, and dispelling it may require governments to pursue a restrictive fiscal and monetary policy, which could constrain overall economic activity, inhibit revenue growth and reduce the number of attractive investment opportunities.
investments investment risks our primary investment objective is to optimize, net of income tax, risk-adjusted investment income and risk-adjusted total return while ensuring that assets and liabilities are managed on a cash flow and duration basis. the investments department, led by the chief investment officer, manages investment risks using a risk control framework comprised of policies, procedures and limits, as discussed further below. the investment risk committee and asset-liability steering committee review and monitor investment risk limits and tolerances.
credit risk, relating to the uncertainty associated with the continued ability of a given obligor to make timely payments of principal and interest;
interest rate risk, relating to the market price and cash flow variability associated with changes in market interest rates. changes in market interest rates will impact the net unrealized gain (loss) position of our fixed income investment portfolio and the rates of return we receive on both new funds invested and reinvestment of existing funds;
liquidity risk, relating to the diminished ability to sell certain investments, in times of strained market conditions;
market valuation risk, relating to the variability in the estimated fair value of investments associated with changes in market factors such as credit spreads and equity market levels. a widening of credit spreads will adversely impact the net unrealized gain (loss) position of the fixed income investment portfolio, will increase losses associated with credit-based non-qualifying derivatives where we assume credit exposure, and, if credit spreads widen significantly or for an extended period of time, will likely result in higher credit losses. credit spread tightening will reduce net investment income associated with purchases of fixed income investments and will favorably impact the net unrealized gain (loss) position of the fixed income investment portfolio;
currency risk, relating to the variability in currency exchange rates for foreign denominated investments including as a result of the u.k.'s withdrawal from the eu. this risk relates to potential decreases in estimated fair value and net investment income resulting from changes in currency exchange rates versus the u.s. dollar. in general, the weakening of foreign currencies versus the u.s. dollar will adversely affect the estimated fair value of our foreign denominated investments; and
real estate risk, relating to commercial, agricultural and residential real estate, and stemming from factors, which include, but are not limited to, market conditions, including the supply and demand of leasable commercial space, creditworthiness of borrowers, tenants and our joint venture partners, capital markets volatility, changes in market interest rates, commodity prices, farm incomes and u.s. housing market conditions.
we manage investment risk through in-house fundamental credit analysis of the underlying obligors, issuers, transaction structures and real estate properties. we also manage credit, market and liquidity risk through industry and issuer diversification and asset allocation. these risk limits, approved annually by the investment risk committee, promote diversification by asset sector, avoid concentrations in any single issuer and limit overall aggregate credit and equity risk exposure, as measured by our economic capital framework. for real estate assets, we manage credit and market risk through asset allocation and by diversifying by geography, property and product type. we manage interest rate risk as part of our alm strategies which are reviewed and approved by the asset-liability steering committee. these strategies include maintaining an investment portfolio with diversified maturities that has a weighted average duration that reflects the duration of our estimated liability cash flow profile, and utilizing product design, such as the use of market value adjustment features and surrender charges, to manage interest rate risk. we also manage interest rate risk through proactive monitoring and management of certain nges of our products, such as the resetting of credited interest and dividend rates for policies that permit such adjustments. in addition to hedging with foreign currency derivatives, we manage currency risk by matching much of our foreign currency liabilities in our foreign subsidiaries with their respective foreign currency assets, thereby reducing our risk to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuation. we also use certain derivatives in the management of credit, interest rate, and market valuation risk.
we enter into market standard purchased and written credit default swap contracts. payout under such contracts is triggered by certain credit events experienced by the referenced entities. for credit default swaps covering north american corporate issuers, credit events typically include bankruptcy and failure to pay on borrowed money. for european corporate issuers, credit events typically also include involuntary restructuring. with respect to credit default contracts on sovereign debt, credit events typically include failure to pay debt obligations, repudiation, moratorium, or involuntary restructuring. in each case, payout on a credit default swap is triggered only after the credit derivatives determinations committee of the international swaps and derivatives association determines that a credit event has occurred.
we use purchased credit default swaps to mitigate credit risk in our investment portfolio. generally, we purchase credit protection by entering into credit default swaps referencing the issuers of specific assets we own. in certain cases, basis risk exists between these credit default swaps and the specific assets we own. for example, we may purchase credit protection on a macro basis to reduce exposure to specific industries or other portfolio concentrations. in such instances, the referenced entities and obligations under the credit default swaps may not be identical to the individual obligors or securities in our investment portfolio. in addition, our purchased credit default swaps may have shorter tenors than the underlying investments they are hedging, which gives us more flexibility in managing our credit exposures. we believe that our purchased credit default swaps serve as effective economic hedges of our credit exposure.
current environment as a global insurance company, we continue to be impacted by the changing global financial and economic environment, the fiscal and monetary policy of governments and central banks around the world and other governmental measures. the covid-19 pandemic continues to impact the global economy and financial markets and has caused volatility in the global equity, credit and real estate markets. see "- industry trends - financial and economic environment."
governments and central banks around the world are responding to the covid-19 pandemic with unprecedented fiscal and monetary policies, which are expected to have significant and ongoing effects on financial markets and the global economy. these policy responses include fiscal and monetary stimulus measures, including, but not limited to, financial assistance, liquidity programs, new financing facilities and reductions in the level of interest rates. as time progresses, we will know more about the efficacy of these policies and what they may mean for the outlook for the global economy and financial markets, but currently the number of factors makes reliably estimating the duration and severity of the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our business operations, investment portfolio and derivatives difficult.
as a result of the impact of the covid-19 pandemic, during the year ended december 31, 2020, there was an economic slowdown and volatility in the financial markets, including liquidity driven price dislocation and credit spread widening. as a result, during the year ended december 31, 2020, the value of certain investments within our portfolio decreased; however, some of those effects were mitigated by an increase in the value of certain freestanding derivatives that hedge such market risks. these conditions may persist for some time and may continue to impact pricing levels of risk-bearing investments, as well as our business operations, investment portfolio and derivatives.
selected country and sector investments selected country: we have a market presence in numerous countries and, therefore, our investment portfolio, which supports our insurance operations and related policyholder liabilities, as well as our global portfolio diversification objectives, is exposed to risks posed by local political and economic conditions, as well as those resulting from the covid-19 pandemic. our investment portfolios in the countries in the table below are currently the most affected by these conditions. the following table presents a summary of selected country fixed maturity securities afs, at estimated fair value. the information below is presented on a "country of risk basis" (e.g. where the issuer primarily conducts business).
in the second quarter of 2020, argentina defaulted on its foreign currency denominated sovereign fixed maturity securities. in the third quarter of 2020, argentina exchanged new sovereign fixed maturity securities for substantially all of its defaulted foreign currency denominated sovereign fixed maturity securities. as a result of the economic conditions prior to the default, the company impaired its holdings of such securities initially in the fourth quarter of 2019 and then, in the first quarter of 2020, recorded an acl. through june 30, 2020, the prior impairment and acl on the defaulted securities totaled $155 million. in the third quarter of 2020, the company exchanged securities with a par value and amortized cost net of acl of $361 million and $146 million, respectively, plus accrued investment income of $11 million, for new securities with an estimated fair value of $182 million which resulted in a net gain of $25 million recorded in net investment gain (loss). in connection with the disposition of metlife seguros de retiro in october 2020, the company reduced its exposure to argentina sovereign fixed maturity securities, as the assets disposed included $132 million of such securities at amortized cost. see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
selected country fixed maturity securities afs at december 31, 2020
united kingdom                    $333                            $6,714                            $13,069                         $105                               $20,221
italy                               45                                85                                658                         -                                      788
(2)the par value and amortized cost net of acl of these selected country fixed maturity securities afs were $24.4 billion and $25.0 billion, respectively, at december 31, 2020.
(3)the sovereign securities amounts for argentina and lebanon were net of acl of $19 million and $2 million, respectively, at december 31, 2020. see "- investment allowance for credit loss and impairments - overview."
selected sector: as a result of current economic conditions, including the effects on the global economy and financial markets from the covid-19 pandemic, certain sectors of our investment portfolio experienced stress during the year ended december 31, 2020. our fixed maturity securities afs exposure to stressed sectors is summarized below:
fixed maturity securities afs exposure to stressed sectors (2)           $12,924                                                                2.4     %
(1)fixed maturity securities afs at amortized cost, net of acl.
(2)the estimated fair value of these fixed maturity securities afs was $14.6 billion at december 31, 2020.
we maintain a portfolio of energy sector fixed maturity securities afs that is diversified across sub-sectors and issuers. this portfolio is primarily invested in higher quality, highly rated investment grade securities and is defensively positioned in sub-sectors which are less impacted by lower oil prices. during the year ended december 31, 2020, we reduced our exposure to such securities by 13%. through our energy sector securities, we have exposure to the volatility in oil prices. during 2020, largely as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, there were wide fluctuations in oil prices. as a result of recovering oil prices and credit spread tightening in the fourth quarter of 2020, this securities portfolio increased in value during the year ended december 31, 2020, from an unrealized gain at december 31, 2019 of $849 million to an unrealized gain of $1.1 billion at december 31, 2020.
additional asset types within our investment portfolio may be impacted by the covid-19 pandemic, including fixed maturity securities afs (including below investment grade securities and structured products), equity securities, unit-linked investments, fvo securities, mortgage loans, real estate and real estate joint ventures, private equity funds, hedge funds and lease investments. see "- executive summary - consolidated company outlook."
we manage direct and indirect investment exposure in the selected countries, sectors and asset types through fundamental analysis and we continually monitor and adjust our level of investment exposure.
investment allowance for credit loss and impairments - overview on january 1, 2020, we adopted the new credit loss guidance. see "- summary of critical accounting estimates - investment allowance for credit loss and impairments." for our mortgage loans and leveraged and direct financing leases, this new credit loss guidance requires that we incorporate the impact of both current and forecasted economic conditions and estimate expected lifetime credit loss in determining the acl. upon adoption of this new credit loss guidance, our acl reflected the then current and forecasted economic conditions and our estimate of expected lifetime credit loss. subsequently, we incorporated the effects of the covid-19 pandemic into our economic forecast, using available information, to reflect our best estimate, in determining the level of our acl for mortgage loans and leveraged and direct financing leases.
upon adoption of the new credit loss guidance, we increased our mortgage loan and lease acl and liability for unfunded mortgage loan commitments by $141 million, or 40%. during the year ended december 31, 2020, we increased our mortgage loan and lease acl and liability for unfunded mortgage loan commitments by another $150 million, or 42%. our mortgage loan and lease acl and liability for unfunded mortgage loan commitments totaled $643 million at december 31, 2020, an increase of 82% from december 31, 2019.
in accordance with this new credit loss guidance, an acl is recorded for fixed maturity securities afs for the amount of the credit loss instead of recording a reduction of the amortized cost as an impairment. during the year ended december 31, 2020, we recorded an acl for our fixed maturity securities afs of $81 million. as a result, our total investments-related acl and liability for unfunded mortgage loan commitments totaled $724 million at december 31, 2020. during the year ended december 31, 2020, we recorded a charge for provisions for credit loss and impairments of $488 million, prior to the release of the acl for securities subsequently sold or exchanged of $133 million. in addition, there was an additional $11 million decrease in the acl during the year ended december 31, 2020, in connection with the disposition of metlife seguros de retiro.
the determination of the amount of our acl and impairments on our investment portfolio is highly subjective. our acl is revised as conditions change and new information becomes available. provisions for credit loss and impairments recognized in future quarters on our investment portfolio will depend primarily on future economic fundamentals, including the evolving impact of the covid-19 pandemic, performance of our issuers, borrowers, tenants and lessees, changes in credit ratings, collateral valuation and changes in estimated fair value. in upcoming periods, if there are changes in the above factors, provisions for credit loss and impairments may be recorded, as well as changes in the acl for which a provision for credit loss was previously recorded.
unit-linked investment income                 (568)                             (1,475)
the following yield table presentation is consistent with how we measure our investment performance for management purposes, and we believe it enhances understanding of our investment portfolio results.
fixed maturity securities (2), (3)                                  3.88                 %     $11,356                         4.22                 %     $11,743
equity securities                                                   4.83                            50                         5.25                            61
other limited partnership interests (4)                            12.17                         1,010                        11.81                           840
(1)we calculate yields using adjusted net investment income as a percent of average quarterly asset carrying values. adjusted net investment income excludes recognized gains (losses) and includes the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. average quarterly asset carrying values exclude unrealized gains (losses), collateral received in connection with our securities lending program, annuities funding structured settlement claims, freestanding derivative assets, collateral received from derivative counterparties, the effects of consolidating under gaap certain variable interest entities that are treated as consolidated securitization entities ("cses") and contractholder-directed equity securities. in addition, average quarterly asset carrying values include invested assets reclassified to held-for-sale. a yield is not presented for other invested assets, as it is not considered a meaningful measure of performance for this asset class.
(2)investment income from fixed maturity securities includes amounts from fvo securities of $140 million and $184 million for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
(3)investment income from fixed maturity securities afs and mortgage loans includes prepayment fees.
(4)see "- real estate and real estate joint ventures" and "- other limited partnership interests" for discussion of results for the year ended december 31, 2020.
fixed maturity securities afs and equity securities the covid-19 pandemic contributed to financial market volatility, credit spread widening and equity market volatility during the year ended december 31, 2020. governments and central banks around the world have responded with unprecedented fiscal and monetary policies, including reductions in the level of interest rates. see "- current environment."
as a result of the interest rate reductions, partially offset by credit spread widening, during the year ended december 31, 2020, the net unrealized gain on our fixed maturity securities afs increased $13.9 billion, from $30.2 billion at december 31, 2019 to $44.1 billion at december 31, 2020. as a result of the equity market volatility during the year ended december 31, 2020, the value of our equity securities decreased, resulting in a mark-to-market loss of $153 million in net investment gains (losses), as the change in estimated fair value is recorded in net income.
the following table presents fixed maturity securities afs and equity securities by type (public or private) and information about perpetual and redeemable securities held at:
fixed maturity securities afs:
total fixed maturity securities afs                                                                      $354,809                      100.0   %                  $327,820                      100.0   %
equity securities:
total equity securities                                                                                    $1,079                      100.0   %                    $1,342                      100.0   %
perpetual and redeemable securities:
perpetual securities included within fixed maturity securities afs and equity securities                     $344                                                     $363
redeemable preferred stock with a stated maturity included within fixed maturity securities afs              $912                                                     $960
see note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information about fixed maturity securities afs by sector, contractual maturities and continuous gross unrealized losses.
included within fixed maturity securities afs are structured securities, including residential mortgage-backed securities ("rmbs"), abs and commercial mortgage-backed securities ("cmbs") (collectively, "structured products").
perpetual securities are included within fixed maturity securities afs and equity securities. upon acquisition, we classify perpetual securities that have attributes of both debt and equity as fixed maturity securities afs if the securities have an interest rate step-up feature which, when combined with other qualitative factors, indicates that the securities have more debt-like characteristics; while those with more equity-like characteristics are classified as equity securities. many of such securities, commonly referred to as "perpetual hybrid securities," have been issued by non-u.s. financial institutions that are accorded the highest two capital treatment categories by their respective regulatory bodies (i.e. core capital, or "tier 1 capital" and perpetual deferrable securities, or "upper tier 2 capital").
redeemable preferred stock with a stated maturity is included within fixed maturity securities afs. these securities, which are commonly referred to as "capital securities," primarily have cumulative interest deferral features and are primarily issued by u.s. financial institutions.
valuation of securities. we are responsible for the determination of the estimated fair value of our investments. we determine the estimated fair value of publicly-traded securities after considering one of three primary sources of information: quoted market prices in active markets, independent pricing services, or independent broker quotations. we determine the estimated fair value of privately-placed securities after considering one of three primary sources of information: market standard internal matrix pricing, market standard internal discounted cash flow techniques, or independent pricing services (after we determine the independent pricing services' use of available observable market data). for publicly-traded securities, the number of quotations obtained varies by instrument and depends on the liquidity of the particular instrument. generally, we obtain prices from multiple pricing services to cover all asset classes and obtain multiple prices for certain securities, but ultimately utilize the price with the highest placement in the fair value hierarchy. independent pricing services that value these instruments use market standard valuation methodologies based on data about market transactions and inputs from multiple pricing sources that are market observable or can be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data. see note 10 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the types of market standard valuation methodologies utilized and key assumptions and observable inputs used in applying these standard valuation methodologies. when a price is not available in the active market or through an independent pricing service, management values the security primarily using market standard internal matrix pricing or discounted cash flow techniques, and non-binding quotations from independent brokers who are knowledgeable about these securities. independent non-binding broker quotations utilize inputs that may be difficult to corroborate with observable market data. as shown in the following section, less than 1% of our fixed maturity securities afs were valued using non-binding quotations from independent brokers at december 31, 2020.
senior management, independent of the trading and investing functions, is responsible for the oversight of control systems and valuation policies for securities, mortgage loans and derivatives. on a quarterly basis, new transaction types and markets are reviewed and approved to ensure that observable market prices and market-based parameters are used for valuation, wherever possible, and for determining that valuation adjustments, when applied, are based upon established policies and are applied consistently over time. senior management oversees the selection of independent third-party pricing providers and the controls and procedures to evaluate third-party pricing.
we review our valuation methodologies on an ongoing basis and revise those methodologies when necessary based on changing market conditions. assurance is gained on the overall reasonableness and consistent application of input assumptions, valuation methodologies and compliance with fair value accounting standards through controls designed to ensure valuations represent an exit price. several controls are utilized, including certain monthly controls, which include, but are not limited to, analysis of portfolio returns to corresponding benchmark returns, comparing a sample of executed prices of securities sold to the fair value estimates, comparing fair value estimates to management's knowledge of the current market, reviewing the bid/ask spreads to assess activity, comparing prices from multiple independent pricing services and ongoing due diligence to confirm that independent pricing services use market-based parameters. the process includes a determination of the observability of inputs used in estimated fair values received from independent pricing services or brokers by assessing whether these inputs can be corroborated by observable market data. we ensure that prices received from independent brokers, also referred to herein as "consensus pricing," are representative of estimated fair value by considering such pricing relative to our knowledge of the current market dynamics and current pricing for similar financial instruments. while independent non-binding broker quotations are utilized, they are not used for a significant portion of the portfolio.
we also apply a formal process to challenge any prices received from independent pricing services that are not considered representative of estimated fair value. if prices received from independent pricing services are not considered reflective of market activity or representative of estimated fair value, independent non-binding broker quotations are obtained, or an internally developed valuation is prepared. internally developed valuations of current estimated fair value, compared with pricing received from the independent pricing services, did not produce material differences in the estimated fair values for the majority of the portfolio; accordingly, overrides were not material. this is, in part, because internal estimates are generally based on available market evidence and estimates used by other market participants. in the absence of such market-based evidence, management's best estimate is used.
we have reviewed the significance and observability of inputs used in the valuation methodologies to determine the appropriate fair value hierarchy level for each of our securities. based on the results of this review and investment class analysis, each instrument is categorized as level 1, 2 or 3 based on the lowest level significant input to its valuation. see note 10 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for valuation approaches and key inputs by major category of assets or liabilities that are classified within level 2 and level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.
fair value of fixed maturity securities afs and equity securities fixed maturity securities afs and equity securities measured at estimated fair value on a recurring basis and their corresponding fair value pricing sources are as follows:
level                                                                                      fixed maturity                                              equity securities afs                                          securities
see note 10 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for the fixed maturity securities afs and equity securities fair value hierarchy.
the majority of the level 3 fixed maturity securities afs and equity securities were concentrated in three sectors at december 31, 2020: foreign corporate securities, u.s. corporate securities and rmbs. during the year ended december 31, 2020, level 3 fixed maturity securities afs increased by $10.7 billion, or 57%. the increase was driven by transfers into level 3 in excess of transfers out of level 3, purchases in excess of sales and by an increase in estimated fair value recognized in other comprehensive income (loss). the increase in transfers into level 3 for the year ended december 31, 2020, in part, was from market conditions including decreased liquidity, decreased transparency of valuations and an increased use of unobservable inputs, principally for u.s. and foreign corporate securities.
see note 10 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for a rollforward of the fair value measurements for securities measured at estimated fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable (level 3) inputs; transfers into and/or out of level 3; and further information about the valuation approaches and inputs by level by major classes of invested assets that affect the amounts reported above.
fixed maturity securities afs see notes 1 and 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information about fixed maturity securities afs by sector, contractual maturities and continuous gross unrealized losses.
fixed maturity securities afs credit quality - ratings the securities valuation office of the naic evaluates the fixed maturity security investments of insurers for regulatory reporting and capital assessment purposes. historically, the naic assigned securities to one of six credit quality categories called "naic designations." if no designation is available from the naic, then, as permitted by the naic, an internally developed designation is used. naic designations are generally similar to the credit quality ratings of the nrsro for fixed maturity securities, except for certain non-agency rmbs and cmbs as described below.
effective with year-end 2020 naic reporting, the naic implemented an expansion of the fixed maturity security rating classification from six to 20 categories. the naic retained the six naic designations and expanded with 20 "naic designation categories." the naic designation categories correspond more closely to the nrsros alpha-numeric credit quality ratings. the naic's goal is to better align rbc charges on fixed maturity securities with the instruments' actual credit risk. effective with year-end 2020 regulatory reporting, insurers are required to report both the naic designation and naic designation category for each fixed maturity security. the naic maintained the current rbc factors for naic designations 1-6 until the naic completes an impact analysis to confirm or refine the naic's proposed new rbc factors for the 20 naic designation categories.
rating agency ratings are based on availability of applicable ratings from rating agencies on the naic credit rating provider list, including moody's investor service ("moody's"), s&p, fitch ratings ("fitch"), dominion bond rating service, a.m. best company ("a.m. best"), kroll bond rating agency, egan jones ratings company and morningstar credit ratings, llc ("morningstar"). if no rating is available from a rating agency, then an internally developed rating is used.
the naic has adopted revised methodologies for non-agency rmbs and cmbs. the naic's objective with the revised methodologies for non-agency rmbs and cmbs was to increase the accuracy in assessing expected losses, and to use the improved assessment to determine a more appropriate capital requirement for non-agency rmbs and cmbs. the revised methodologies reduce regulatory reliance on rating agencies and allow for greater regulatory input into the assumptions used to estimate expected losses from non-agency rmbs and cmbs. we apply the revised naic methodologies to non-agency rmbs and cmbs held by metlife, inc.'s insurance subsidiaries that maintain the naic statutory basis of accounting. the naic's present methodology is to evaluate non-agency rmbs and cmbs held by insurers using the revised naic methodologies on an annual basis. if metlife, inc.'s insurance subsidiaries acquire non-agency rmbs and cmbs that have not been previously evaluated by the naic, but are expected to be evaluated by the naic in the upcoming annual review, an internally developed designation is used until a naic designation becomes available. naic designations may not correspond to nrsro ratings.
the following table presents total fixed maturity securities afs by nrsro rating and the applicable naic designation from the naic published comparison of nrsro ratings to naic designations, except for non-agency rmbs and cmbs, held by metlife, inc.'s insurance subsidiaries that maintain the naic statutory basis of accounting, which are presented using revised naic methodologies. nrsro ratings are as of the dates shown below. over time, credit ratings can migrate, up or down, through the nrsro continuous monitoring process. as of december 31, 2020, securities are presented net of acl, reflecting the adoption of new credit loss guidance on january 1, 2020. as of december 31, 2019, securities are presented at amortized cost in accordance with prior guidance. see notes 1 and 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
total fixed maturity securities afs                     $310,730                            $44,079                        $354,809                     100.0            %               $297,655                      $30,165                      $327,820                     100.0            %
(1) excludes gross unrealized gains (losses) related to assets held-for-sale. see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information on the pending disposition of metlife p&c.
as a result of current economic conditions, including the effects of the covid-19 pandemic which caused increased concerns over more highly leveraged issuers and downgrade risk, our below investment grade securities initially decreased in value but, as a result of credit spread tightening in the fourth quarter of 2020, these securities increased in value from an unrealized gain position at december 31, 2019 of $342 million to an unrealized gain position of $958 million at december 31, 2020. foreign government securities, acquired to support our local insurance operations and related policyholder liabilities, represented $3.7 billion, or 22% of our $17.1 billion below investment grade securities, at estimated fair value, at december 31, 2020. u.s. corporate and foreign corporate securities comprise the vast majority of the remaining below investment grade securities. we have been actively repositioning our corporate below investment grade portfolios, including our syndicated bank loan portfolio, into higher quality, higher rated securities and with an increased allocation to privately-placed securities that include covenant protections.
the following tables present total fixed maturity securities afs, based on estimated fair value, by sector and by nrsro rating and the applicable naic designations from the naic published comparison of nrsro ratings to naic designations, except for non-agency rmbs and cmbs, which are presented using the revised naic methodologies:
fixed maturity securities afs - by sector &amp; credit quality rating naic designation                                                                                                                                                                                                                   total estimated fair value nrsro rating                                      aaa/aa/a                          baa                          ba                           b                    caa and                    in or near lower                       default
total fixed maturity securities afs          $250,013                      $87,702                      $12,812                      $3,702                      $503                          $77                        $354,809
total fixed maturity securities afs          $230,708                           $81,425                 $11,652                      $3,337                      $693                           $5                        $327,820
u.s. and foreign corporate fixed maturity securities afs we maintain a diversified portfolio of corporate fixed maturity securities afs across industries and issuers. this portfolio did not have any exposure to any single issuer in excess of 1% of total investments at december 31, 2020. the top 10 holdings comprised 2% of total investments at both december 31, 2020 and 2019. the table below presents our u.s. and foreign corporate securities holdings by industry at:
utility                   29,984                      18.4                        25,763                      17.0
as a result of current economic conditions, including the effects of the covid-19 pandemic, we have experienced stress within certain sub-sectors of our industrial and consumer corporate securities portfolios, principally in energy, airports, cruise lines / leisure, airlines, restaurants and lodging. see "- current environment - selected country and sector investments."
rmbs our rmbs portfolio is diversified by security type and risk profile. the following table presents our rmbs portfolio by security type, risk profile and ratings profile at:
security type collateralized mortgage obligations               $17,342                      57.0   %                     $1,468                       $16,315                      57.2   %                 $1,185
pass-through mortgage-backed securities            13,093                      43.0                            552                        12,232                      42.8                        311
(1) excludes gross unrealized gains (losses) related to assets held-for-sale. see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information on the pending disposition of metlife p&c.
collateralized mortgage obligations are structured by dividing the cash flows of mortgage loans into separate pools or tranches of risk that create multiple classes of bonds with varying maturities and priority of payments. pass-through mortgage-backed securities are secured by a mortgage loan or collection of mortgage loans. the monthly mortgage loan payments from homeowners pass from the originating bank through an intermediary, such as a government agency or investment bank, which collects the payments and, for a fee, remits or passes these payments through to the holders of the pass-through securities.
the majority of our rmbs holdings were rated aaa/aaa and were designated naic 1 at december 31, 2020 and 2019. agency rmbs were guaranteed or otherwise supported by federal national mortgage association, federal home loan mortgage corporation or government national mortgage association. non-agency rmbs include prime, alternative residential mortgage loans ("alt-a") and sub-prime rmbs. prime residential mortgage lending includes the origination of residential mortgage loans to the most creditworthy borrowers with high quality credit profiles. alt-a is a classification of mortgage loans where the risk profile of the borrower is between prime and sub-prime. sub-prime mortgage lending is the origination of residential mortgage loans to borrowers with weak credit profiles.
historically, we have managed our exposure to sub-prime rmbs holdings by focusing primarily on senior tranche securities, stress testing the portfolio with severe loss assumptions and closely monitoring the performance of the portfolio. our sub-prime rmbs portfolio consists predominantly of securities that were purchased after 2012 at significant discounts to par value and discounts to the expected principal recovery value of these securities. the vast majority of these securities are investment grade under the naic designations (e.g., naic 1 and naic 2).
our rmbs holdings were comprised of 67% agency securities that were all designated naic 1 and 33% of non-agency securities, of which 93% were designated naic 1, at december 31, 2020. as result of current economic conditions, including increased unemployment levels as result of the covid-19 pandemic, the unrealized gain on our non-agency rmbs holdings initially decreased but, as a result of credit spread tightening in the fourth quarter of 2020, these securities increased in value from an unrealized gain of $699 million at december 31, 2019 to an unrealized gain of $706 million at december 31, 2020. our non-agency rmbs portfolio is defensively positioned with most of the portfolio concentrated in senior tranches with strong structural protections including credit enhancement in the form of capital structure subordination that is available to absorb losses before they impact the securities we own.
credit card loans                          1,006                       5.9                             13                           454                       3.1                          4
(1) excludes gross unrealized gains (losses) related to assets held-for-sale. see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information on the pending disposition of metlife p&c.
as a result of current economic conditions, including the effects of the covid-19 pandemic, causing increased concerns over leveraged lending, our $8.9 billion collateralized obligations securities portfolio, at estimated fair value, initially decreased in value but, as a result of credit spread tightening in the fourth quarter of 2020, these securities increased in value from an unrealized loss position of $54 million at december 31, 2019 to an unrealized loss position of $16 million at december 31, 2020. we have been actively repositioning this portfolio into higher quality, higher rated securities primarily collateralized by first lien senior secured loans. as a result, this portfolio includes strong structural protections, primarily credit enhancement in the form of capital structure subordination that is available to absorb losses before they impact the securities we own. we do not own equity tranches of such securities or combination notes in this portfolio. as we invest primarily in securities rated aaa, aa or a, 98% of this portfolio was investment grade rated at december 31, 2020.
cmbs our cmbs portfolio is comprised primarily of securities collateralized by multiple commercial mortgage loans and is diversified by property type, borrower, geography and vintage year. the following tables present our cmbs portfolio by nrsro rating and vintage year. as of december 31, 2020, securities are presented net of acl, reflecting the adoption of new credit loss guidance on january 1, 2020. as of december 31, 2019, securities are presented at amortized cost in accordance with the prior guidance. see notes 1 and 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
distribution the tables above reflect nrsro ratings including moody's, s&p, fitch and morningstar, inc. cmbs designated naic 1 were 88.8% and 97.1% of total cmbs at december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
evaluation of fixed maturity securities afs for credit loss, rollforward of allowance for credit loss and credit loss on fixed maturity securities afs recognized in earnings see note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information about the evaluation of fixed maturity securities afs for credit loss, rollforward of the acl, net provision (release) for credit loss, as well as gross gains and gross losses on fixed maturity securities afs sold at and for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019.
overview of credit loss on fixed maturity securities afs excluding the impact of securities with an acl that were subsequently sold or exchanged and the related release of the acl, the provision for credit loss on fixed maturity securities afs was $225 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, as compared to $129 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the provision for credit loss on foreign government securities was $134 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, which was concentrated in argentine foreign currency denominated sovereign securities, as a result of their default in 2020. the provision for credit loss on u.s. corporate securities and foreign corporate securities was $91 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, which were concentrated in industrial and consumer securities, as a result of market driven and issuer specific factors, primarily in the communications, energy and transportation sectors in 2020. see "- current environment - selected country and sector investments."
the release of the acl for securities that were subsequently sold or exchanged was $133 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. including the impact of these releases and impact of intent-to-sell impairments of $62 million, the net provision for credit loss on fixed maturity securities afs was $154 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. in addition, there was an additional $11 million decrease in the acl during the year ended december 31, 2020 in connection with the disposition of metlife seguros de retiro.
see notes 1 and 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information on new credit loss guidance adopted on january 1, 2020 affecting the credit loss evaluation process and the measurement of credit loss; and a summary of the similarities and the differences of this new credit loss guidance with the previous guidance.
future credit losses provisions for credit loss recognized in future quarters on fixed maturity securities afs will depend primarily on future economic fundamentals, issuer performance (including changes in the present value of future cash flows expected to be collected), changes in credit ratings and collateral valuation. in upcoming periods, if there are changes in the above factors, provisions for credit loss may be recorded, as well as changes in the acl on securities for which a provision for credit loss was previously recorded.
contractholder-directed equity securities and fair value option securities the estimated fair value of these investments, which are primarily comprised of unit-linked investments, was $13.3 billion and $13.1 billion, or 2.5% and 2.7% of cash and invested assets, at december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. see notes 1 and 10 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for a description of this portfolio, its fair value hierarchy and a rollforward of the fair value measurements for these investments measured at estimated fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable (level 3) inputs.
the covid-19 pandemic initially caused volatility in the equity markets and widening of credit spreads decreasing the estimated fair value of our unit-linked investments and fvo securities. however, during the fourth quarter of 2020, equity markets increased and credit spreads tightened. as a result, the estimated fair value of these securities still held at year end increased, resulting in a mark-to-market gain of $489 million in net investment income, as the change in estimated fair value on these securities is recorded in net investment income.
securities lending, repurchase agreements and fhlb of boston advance agreements we participate in a securities lending program whereby securities are loaned to third parties, primarily brokerage firms and commercial banks. we also participate in short-term repurchase agreement transactions with unaffiliated financial institutions. in addition, a subsidiary of the company has entered into short-term advance agreements with the fhlb of boston. see "- liquidity and capital resources - the company - liquidity and capital uses - securities lending and repurchase agreements" and notes 1 and 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
our commercial, agricultural and residential mortgage loan portfolios are subject to uncertain market conditions, including the effects of the covid-19 pandemic. as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, during the year ended december 31, 2020, we granted concessions (e.g., payment deferrals and other loan modifications) to certain of our commercial mortgage loan borrowers (principally in the hotel and retail sectors) and residential mortgage loan borrowers and, to a much lesser extent, some of our agricultural mortgage loan borrowers. see note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding covid-19 pandemic-related mortgage loan concessions. see also "- commercial mortgage loans by geographic region and property type."
we diversify our mortgage loan portfolio by both geographic region and property type to reduce the risk of concentration. of our commercial and agricultural mortgage loan held-for-investment portfolios, 83% are collateralized by properties located in the united states, with the remaining 17% collateralized by properties located outside the united states, which includes 4% of properties located in the u.k. and 4% of properties located in mexico, at december 31, 2020. the carrying values of our commercial and agricultural mortgage loans held-for-investment located in california, new york and texas were 17%, 10% and 7%, respectively, of total commercial and agricultural mortgage loans held-for-investment at december 31, 2020. additionally, we manage risk when originating commercial and agricultural mortgage loans by generally lending up to 75% of the estimated fair value of the underlying real estate collateral.
we manage our residential mortgage loan held-for-investment portfolio in a similar manner to reduce risk of concentration, with 92% collateralized by properties located in the united states, and the remaining 8% collateralized by properties located outside the united states, principally in chile, at december 31, 2020. the carrying values of our residential mortgage loans located in california, florida, and new york were 33%, 9%, and 7%, respectively, of total residential mortgage loans at december 31, 2020.
our commercial mortgage loan portfolio is well positioned with exposures concentrated in high quality underlying properties located in primary markets typically with institutional investors who are better positioned to manage their assets during periods of market volatility. our portfolio is comprised primarily of lower risk loans with higher debt-service coverage ratios ("dscr") and lower loan-to-value ("ltv") ratios. see "- mortgage loan credit quality - monitoring process" for further information and note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for a distribution of our commercial mortgage loans by dscr and ltv ratios. excluding loans with a covid-19 pandemic-related payment deferral, over 99% of our commercial mortgage loan portfolio was current and 100% of our hotel and retail commercial mortgage loan portfolio was current at december 31, 2020. see note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding covid-19 pandemic-related mortgage loan concessions.
mortgage loan credit quality - monitoring process. we monitor our mortgage loan investments on an ongoing basis, including a review of loans by credit quality indicator and loans that are current, past due, restructured and under foreclosure. see note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding mortgage loans by credit quality indicator, past due and nonaccrual mortgage loans.
we review our commercial mortgage loans on an ongoing basis. these reviews may include an analysis of the property financial statements and rent roll, lease rollover analysis, property inspections, market analysis, estimated valuations of the underlying collateral, ltv ratios, dscr and tenant creditworthiness. the monitoring process focuses on higher risk loans, which include those that are classified as restructured, delinquent or in foreclosure, as well as loans with higher ltv ratios and lower dscr and loans with a covid-19 pandemic-related payment deferral. the monitoring process for agricultural mortgage loans is generally similar, with a focus on higher risk loans, such as loans with higher ltv ratios. agricultural mortgage loans are reviewed on an ongoing basis which include, but are not limited to, property inspections, market analysis, estimated valuations of the underlying collateral, ltv ratios and borrower creditworthiness, including reviews on a geographic and property-type basis. we review our residential mortgage loans on an ongoing basis, with a focus on higher risk loans, such as nonperforming loans. see note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information on our evaluation of residential mortgage loans and related acl methodology.
ltv ratios and dscr are common measures in the assessment of the quality of commercial mortgage loans. ltv ratios are a common measure in the assessment of the quality of agricultural mortgage loans. ltv ratios compare the amount of the loan to the estimated fair value of the underlying collateral. a ltv ratio greater than 100% indicates that the loan amount is greater than the collateral value. a ltv ratio of less than 100% indicates an excess of collateral value over the loan amount. generally, the higher the ltv ratio, the higher the risk of experiencing a credit loss. the dscr compares a property's net operating income to amounts needed to service the principal and interest due under the loan. generally, the lower the dscr, the higher the risk of experiencing a credit loss. for our commercial mortgage loans, our average ltv ratio was 58% and 55% at december 31, 2020 and 2019 respectively, and our average dscr was 2.5x and 2.4x at december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. the dscr and the values utilized in calculating the ratio are updated routinely. in addition, the ltv ratio is routinely updated for all but the lowest risk loans as part of our ongoing review of our commercial mortgage loan portfolio. for our agricultural mortgage loans, our average ltv ratio was 48% and 47% at december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. the values utilized in calculating our agricultural mortgage loan ltv ratio are developed in connection with the ongoing review of our agricultural loan portfolio and are routinely updated.
mortgage loan allowance for credit loss. our acl is established for both pools of loans with similar risk characteristics and for mortgage loans with dissimilar risk characteristics, collateral dependent loans and reasonably expected troubled debt restructurings, individually on a loan specific basis. we record an allowance for expected lifetime credit loss in an amount that represents the portion of the amortized cost basis of mortgage loans that the company does not expect to collect, resulting in mortgage loans being presented at the net amount expected to be collected.
in determining our acl, management (i) pools mortgage loans that share similar risk characteristics, (ii) considers expected lifetime credit loss over the contractual term of our mortgage loans, as adjusted for expected prepayments and any extensions, and (iii) considers past events and current and forecasted economic conditions. actual credit loss realized could be different from the amount of the acl recorded. these evaluations and assessments are revised as conditions change and new information becomes available, which can cause the acl to increase or decrease over time as such evaluations are revised. negative credit migration, including an actual or expected increase in the level of problem loans, will result in an increase in the acl. positive credit migration, including an actual or expected decrease in the level of problem loans, will result in a decrease in the acl. see notes 1 and 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information on how the acl is established and monitored, and activity in and balances of the acl, as of and for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019.
see notes 1 and 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information on the new credit loss guidance adopted in 2020 affecting the credit loss evaluation process and the measurement of credit loss effective january 1, 2020, as well as a summary of the similarities and the differences of this new credit loss guidance with the previous guidance.
real estate and real estate joint ventures real estate and real estate joint ventures is comprised of wholly-owned real estate and joint ventures with interests in single property income-producing real estate and, to a lesser extent, joint ventures with interests in multi-property projects with varying strategies ranging from the development of properties to the operation of income-producing properties, as well as a runoff portfolio. the carrying value of real estate and real estate joint ventures was $11.9 billion and $10.7 billion, or 2.3% and 2.2% of cash and invested assets, at december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, certain of our real estate investments, principally hotel properties, experienced a reduction in income during the year ended december 31, 2020 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2019. we lease investment real estate, principally commercial real estate, for office and retail use, through a variety of operating lease arrangements. in response to the covid-19 pandemic, during the year ended december 31, 2020, we granted lease concessions (e.g., rent payment deferrals) to some of our lessees. in addition, we have interests in certain unconsolidated real estate joint ventures which have granted covid-19 pandemic-related lease concessions. see note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding covid-19 pandemic-related lease concessions.
our real estate investments are typically stabilized properties that we intend to hold for the longer-term for portfolio diversification and long-term appreciation. our real estate investment portfolio has significantly appreciated since acquisition to a $6.3 billion unrealized gain position at december 31, 2020 that is available to absorb valuation declines from the current economic conditions. we continuously monitor expected future cash flows of our real estate investments and incorporate them into our periodic impairment analyses. as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, we performed impairment analyses during the year ended december 31, 2020, which included updated estimates of expected future cash flows. as a result of our impairment analyses, we recorded one impairment during the year ended december 31, 2020 for $13 million. this impairment was recorded in net investment income as the investment is in a real estate fund that is accounted for under the equity method. there were no impairments recognized in net investment gains (losses) on real estate and real estate joint ventures for the year ended december 31, 2020. there were $10 million in impairments recognized for the year ended december 31, 2019.
geographical diversification: of our real estate investments, excluding funds, 60% were located in the united states, with the remaining 40% located outside the united states, at december 31, 2020. the carrying value of our real estate investments, excluding funds, located in japan, california and washington, d.c. were 35%, 10% and 9%, respectively, of total real estate investments, excluding funds, at december 31, 2020. real estate funds were 25% of our real estate investments at december 31, 2020. the majority of these funds hold underlying real estate investments that are well diversified across the united states.
other limited partnership interests other limited partnership interests are comprised of investments in private funds, including private equity funds and hedge funds. at december 31, 2020 and 2019, the carrying value of other limited partnership interests was $9.5 billion and $7.7 billion, which included $643 million and $575 million of hedge funds, respectively. other limited partnership interests were 1.79% and 1.57% of cash and invested assets at december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. cash distributions on these investments are generated from investment gains, operating income from the underlying investments of the funds and liquidation of the underlying investments of the funds.
we use the equity method of accounting for most of our private equity funds. we generally recognize our share of a private equity fund's earnings in net investment income on a three-month lag when the information is reported to us. accordingly, declines in the equity markets, which can impact the underlying results of these private equity funds, are recorded in our net investment income on a three-month lag. as a result of declines in the equity market in the first quarter of 2020, which were reported to us in the second quarter of 2020 by our investees, we recorded negative net investment income of $607 million on our private equity and hedge fund investments during the three months ended june 30, 2020. as a result of increases in the equity market in the second quarter of 2020, which were reported to us in the third quarter of 2020 by our investees, we recorded net investment income of $578 million on our private equity and hedge fund investments during the three months ended september 30, 2020. as a result of increases in the equity market in the third quarter of 2020, which were reported to us in the fourth quarter of 2020 by our investees, we recorded net investment income of $709 million on our private equity and hedge fund investments during the three months ended december 31, 2020. for a discussion of our expected private equity returns in 2021, see "- executive summary - consolidated company outlook."
freestanding derivatives with positive estimated fair values             $11,866                        57.6     %                      $10,084                        53.0     %
tax credit and renewable energy partnerships                               1,751                         8.5                              1,993                        10.5
annuities funding structured settlement claims                             1,263                         6.1                              1,271                         6.7
funds withheld                                                               508                         2.5                                470                         2.5
our direct financing and leveraged lease portfolios are subject to uncertain market conditions, including the effects of the covid-19 pandemic and related economic slowdown. in response to the covid-19 pandemic, during the year ended december 31, 2020, we granted lease concessions, primarily in the form of rent deferrals, to some of our lessees. see note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding covid-19 pandemic-related direct financing lease concessions.
see note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information on the new credit loss guidance adopted in 2020 affecting the credit loss evaluation process and the measurement of credit loss, including direct financing and leveraged leases effective january 1, 2020.
see notes 1, 8 and 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding freestanding derivatives with positive estimated fair values, tax credit and renewable energy partnerships, direct financing and leveraged leases, annuities funding structured settlement claims, fhlb common stock, operating joint ventures and funds withheld, as well as, gains (losses) on disposals of, and impairments of, tax credit and renewable energy partnerships, and leveraged lease impairment losses.
derivatives derivative risks we are exposed to various risks relating to our ongoing business operations, including interest rate, foreign currency exchange rate, credit and equity market. we use a variety of strategies to manage these risks, including the use of derivatives. see note 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for:
see "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk - management of market risk exposures - hedging activities" for more information about our use of derivatives by major hedge program.
the valuation of level 3 derivatives involves the use of significant unobservable inputs and generally requires a higher degree of management judgment or estimation than the valuations of level 1 and level 2 derivatives. although level 3 inputs are unobservable, management believes they are consistent with what other market participants would use when pricing such instruments and are considered appropriate given the circumstances. the use of different inputs or methodologies could have a material effect on the estimated fair value of level 3 derivatives and could materially affect net income.
derivatives categorized as level 3 at december 31, 2020 include: interest rate forwards with maturities which extend beyond the observable portion of the yield curve; interest rate total return swaps with unobservable repurchase rates; foreign currency swaps and forwards with certain unobservable inputs, including the unobservable portion of the yield curve; credit default swaps priced using unobservable credit spreads, or that are priced through independent broker quotations; equity variance swaps with unobservable volatility inputs; and equity index options with unobservable correlation inputs. at december 31, 2020, less than 1% of the estimated fair value of our derivatives was priced through independent broker quotations.
the gain (loss) on level 3 derivatives primarily relates to foreign currency derivatives and interest rate forwards that are valued using an unobservable portion of the swap yield curves and unobservable interest rates, respectively. other significant inputs, which are observable, include equity volatility and observable interest rates. we validate the reasonableness of these inputs by valuing the positions using internal models and comparing the results to broker quotations.
see "- summary of critical accounting estimates - derivatives" for further information on the estimates and assumptions that affect derivatives.
credit risk see note 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information about how we manage credit risk related to derivatives and for the estimated fair value of our net derivative assets and net derivative liabilities after the application of master netting agreements and collateral.
our policy is not to offset the fair value amounts recognized for derivatives executed with the same counterparty under the same master netting agreement. this policy applies to the recognition of derivatives on the consolidated balance sheets and does not affect our legal right of offset.
credit derivatives the following table presents the gross notional amount and estimated fair value of credit default swaps at:
credit default swaps                     grossnotionalamount            estimated fair value                     grossnotionalamount            estimated fair value
written                                       9,609            196                                                   11,520            271
the following table presents the gross gains, gross losses and net gains (losses) recognized in net derivative gains (losses) for credit default swaps as follows:
credit default swaps                      gross            gross                     net                             gross            gross                   net gains            losses                    gains                           gains            losses                  gains
written (1)                              65                (171)                     (106)            257                             (9)            248
(1)gains (losses) do not include earned income (expense) on credit default swaps.
the unfavorable change in net gains (losses) on written credit default swaps was $354 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2019 due to certain credit spreads on certain credit default swaps used as replications widening in the current period and narrowing in the prior period.
the maximum amount at risk related to our written credit default swaps is equal to the corresponding gross notional amount. in a replication transaction, we pair an asset on our balance sheet with a written credit default swap to synthetically replicate a corporate bond, a core asset holding of life insurance companies. replications are entered into in accordance with the guidelines approved by state insurance regulators and the naic and are an important tool in managing the overall corporate credit risk within the company. in order to match our long-dated insurance liabilities, we seek to buy long-dated corporate bonds. in some instances, these may not be readily available in the market, or they may be issued by corporations to which we already have significant corporate credit exposure. for example, by purchasing treasury bonds (or other high quality assets) and associating them with written credit default swaps on the desired corporate credit name, we can replicate the desired bond exposures and meet our alm needs. in addition, given the shorter tenor of the credit default swaps (generally five-year tenors) versus a long-dated corporate bond, we have more flexibility in managing our credit exposures.
see note 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information about the nonperformance risk adjustment included in the valuation of guaranteed minimum benefits accounted for as embedded derivatives.
see "- summary of critical accounting estimates - derivatives" for further information on the estimates and assumptions that affect embedded derivatives.
off-balance sheet arrangements credit and committed facilities we maintain an unsecured revolving credit facility, as well as certain committed facilities ("committed facilities"), with various financial institutions. see note 13 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for descriptions of such arrangements, the classification of expenses on such credit and committed facilities and the nature of the associated liability for letters of credit issued and drawdowns on these credit and committed facilities. see also "- liquidity and capital resources - the company - liquidity and capital sources - global funding sources - credit and committed facilities."
collateral for securities lending, repurchase agreements, third-party custodian administered repurchase programs and derivatives we participate in securities lending transactions, repurchase agreements and third-party custodian administered repurchase programs in the normal course of business for the purpose of enhancing the total return on our investment portfolio. see notes 1 and 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our securities lending transactions and repurchase agreements, the classification of revenues and expenses, and the nature of the secured financing arrangements and associated liabilities.
securities lending and repurchase agreements: periodically we receive non-cash collateral for securities lending and repurchase agreements from counterparties, which is not reflected on our consolidated financial statements. the amount of this non-cash collateral was $1 million and $0 at estimated fair value at december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
third-party custodian administered repurchase programs: we loan certain of our fixed maturity securities afs to unaffiliated financial institutions and, in exchange, non-cash collateral is put on deposit by the unaffiliated financial institutions on our behalf with third-party custodians. the estimated fair value of securities loaned in connection with these transactions was $19 million and $85 million at december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. non-cash collateral on deposit with third-party custodians on our behalf was $20 million and $90 million, at estimated fair value, at december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, which cannot be sold or re-pledged, and which is not reflected on our consolidated financial statements.
derivatives: we enter into derivatives to manage various risks relating to our ongoing business operations. we receive non-cash collateral from counterparties for derivatives, which can be sold or re-pledged subject to certain constraints, and which is not reflected on our consolidated balance sheets. the amount of this non-cash collateral was $1.7 billion at estimated fair value, at both december 31, 2020 and 2019. see "- liquidity and capital resources - the company - liquidity and capital uses - pledged collateral" and note 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding the earned income on and the gross notional amount, estimated fair value of assets and liabilities and primary underlying risk exposure of our derivatives.
investment commitments we enter into the following commitments in the normal course of business for the purpose of enhancing the total return on our investment portfolio: mortgage loan commitments and commitments to fund partnerships, bank credit facilities, bridge loans and private corporate bond investments. see note 21 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information about these investment commitments. see "net investment income" and "net investment gains (losses)" in note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information on the investment income, investment expense, gains and losses from such investments and the liability for credit loss for unfunded mortgage loan commitments. see also "- investments - fixed maturity securities afs and equity securities," "- investments - mortgage loans," "- investments - real estate and real estate joint ventures" and "- investments - other limited partnership interests."
lease commitments as lessee, we have entered into various lease and sublease agreements for office space and equipment. our commitments under such lease agreements are included within the contractual obligations table. see "- liquidity and capital resources - the company - contractual obligations" and note 11 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
policyholder liabilities we establish, and carry as liabilities, actuarially determined amounts that are calculated to meet policy obligations or to provide for future annuity payments. amounts for actuarial liabilities are computed and reported on the consolidated financial statements in conformity with gaap. for more details on policyholder liabilities, see "- summary of critical accounting estimates."
due to the nature of the underlying risks and the uncertainty associated with the determination of actuarial liabilities, we cannot precisely determine the amounts that will ultimately be paid with respect to these actuarial liabilities, and the ultimate amounts may vary from the estimated amounts, particularly when payments may not occur until well into the future.
we periodically review our estimates of actuarial liabilities for future benefits and compare them with our actual experience. we revise estimates, to the extent permitted or required under gaap, if we determine that future expected experience differs from assumptions used in the development of actuarial liabilities. we charge or credit changes in our liabilities to expenses in the period the liabilities are established or re-estimated. if the liabilities originally established for future benefit payments prove inadequate, we must increase them. such an increase could adversely affect our earnings and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
we have experienced, and will likely in the future experience, catastrophe losses and possibly acts of terrorism, as well as turbulent financial markets that may have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. due to their nature, we cannot predict the incidence, timing, severity or amount of losses from catastrophes and acts of terrorism, but we make broad use of catastrophic and non-catastrophic reinsurance to manage risk from these perils. we also use hedging, reinsurance and other risk management activities to mitigate financial market volatility.
future policy benefits we establish liabilities for amounts payable under insurance policies. see notes 1 and 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. see also "- industry trends - impact of a sustained low interest rate environment - low interest rate scenarios" and "- variable annuity guarantees." a discussion of future policy benefits by segment (as well as corporate & other) follows.
amounts payable under insurance policies for this segment are comprised of group insurance and annuities. for group insurance, future policyholder benefits are comprised mainly of liabilities for disabled lives under disability waiver of premium policy provisions, liabilities for survivor income benefit insurance, active life policies and premium stabilization and other contingency liabilities held under life insurance contracts. for group annuity contracts, future policyholder benefits are primarily related to payout annuities, including pension risk transfers, structured settlement annuities and institutional income annuities. there is no interest rate crediting flexibility on these liabilities. as a result, a sustained low interest rate environment could negatively impact earnings; however, we mitigate our risks by applying various alm strategies, including the use of various interest rate derivative positions.
asia future policy benefits for this segment are held primarily for traditional life, endowment, annuity and accident & health contracts. they are also held for total return pass-through provisions included in certain universal life and savings products. they include certain liabilities for variable annuity and variable life guarantees of minimum death benefits, and longevity guarantees. factors impacting these liabilities include sustained periods of lower than expected yields, lower than expected asset reinvestment rates, market volatility, actual lapses resulting in lower than expected income, and actual mortality or morbidity resulting in higher than expected benefit payments. we mitigate our risks by applying various alm strategies and by the use of reinsurance.
latin america future policy benefit liabilities for this segment are held primarily for immediate annuities, traditional life contracts and total return pass-through provisions included in certain universal life and savings products. there is limited interest rate crediting flexibility on the immediate annuity and traditional life liabilities. as a result, sustained periods of lower than expected yields could negatively impact earnings; however, we mitigate our risks by applying various alm strategies. other factors impacting these liabilities are actual mortality resulting in higher than expected benefit payments and actual lapses resulting in lower than expected income.
emea future policy benefits for this segment include unearned premium reserves for group life and medical and credit insurance contracts. future policy benefits are also held for traditional life, endowment and annuity contracts with significant mortality risk and accident & health contracts. factors impacting these liabilities include lower than expected asset reinvestment rates, market volatility, actual lapses resulting in lower than expected income, and actual mortality or morbidity resulting in higher than expected benefit payments. we mitigate our risks by having premiums which are adjustable or cancellable in some cases, applying various alm strategies and by the use of reinsurance.
metlife holdings future policy benefits for the life insurance business are comprised mainly of liabilities for traditional life insurance contracts. in order to manage risk, we have often reinsured a portion of the mortality risk on life insurance policies. we routinely evaluate our reinsurance programs, which may result in increases or decreases to existing coverage. we have entered into various interest rate derivative positions to mitigate the risk that investment of premiums received and reinvestment of maturing assets over the life of the policy will be at rates below those assumed in the original pricing of these contracts. for the annuities business, future policy benefits are comprised mainly of liabilities for life-contingent income annuities and liabilities for the variable annuity guaranteed minimum benefits that are accounted for as insurance. for the long-term care business, future policyholder benefits are comprised mainly of liabilities for disabled lives under disability waiver of premium policy provisions, and active life policies. in addition, for our other products, future policyholder benefits related to the reinsurance of our former japan joint venture are comprised of liabilities for the variable annuity guaranteed minimum benefits that are accounted for as insurance.
corporate & other future policy benefits primarily include liabilities for other reinsurance business.
policyholder account balances policyholder account balances are generally equal to the account value, which includes accrued interest credited, but excludes the impact of any applicable charge that may be incurred upon surrender. see "- industry trends - impact of a sustained low interest rate environment - low interest rate scenarios" and "- variable annuity guarantees." see also notes 1 and 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. a discussion of policyholder account balances by segment follows.
policyholder account balances in this segment are comprised of funding agreements, retained asset accounts, universal life policies, the fixed account of variable life insurance policies and specialized life insurance products for benefit programs.
group benefits policyholder account balances in this business are held for retained asset accounts, universal life policies, the fixed account of variable life insurance policies and specialized life insurance products for benefit programs. policyholder account balances are credited interest at a rate we determine, which is influenced by current market rates. a sustained low interest rate environment could adversely impact liabilities and earnings as a result of the minimum credited rate guarantees present in most of these policyholder account balances. we have various interest rate derivative positions to partially mitigate the risks associated with such a scenario.
the table below presents the breakdown of account value subject to minimum guaranteed crediting rates for group benefits:
guaranteed minimum crediting rate                  account                      account value                        value at guarantee
retirement and income solutions policyholder account balances in this business are held largely for investment-type products, mainly funding agreements, as well as postretirement benefits and corporate-owned life insurance to fund non-qualified benefit programs for executives. interest crediting rates vary by type of contract and can be fixed or variable. variable interest crediting rates are generally tied to an external index, most commonly (1-month or 3-month) libor or secured overnight financing rate. we are exposed to interest rate risks, as well as foreign currency exchange rate risk, when guaranteeing payment of interest and return of principal at the contractual maturity date. we may invest in floating rate assets or enter into receive-floating interest rate swaps, also tied to external indices, as well as interest rate caps, to mitigate the impact of changes in market interest rates. we also mitigate our risks by applying various alm strategies and seek to hedge all foreign currency exchange rate risk through the use of foreign currency hedges, including cross currency swaps.
the table below presents the breakdown of account value subject to minimum guaranteed crediting rates for ris:
guaranteed minimum crediting rate                  account                      account value                        value at guarantee
asia policyholder account balances in this segment are held largely for fixed income retirement and savings plans, fixed deferred annuities, interest sensitive whole life products, universal life and, to a lesser degree, liability amounts for unit-linked investments that do not meet the gaap definition of separate accounts. also included are certain liabilities for retirement and savings products sold in certain countries in asia that generally are sold with minimum credited rate guarantees. liabilities for guarantees on certain variable annuities in asia are accounted for as embedded derivatives and recorded at estimated fair value and are also included within policyholder account balances. a sustained low interest rate environment could adversely impact liabilities and earnings as a result of the minimum credited rate guarantees present in most of these policyholder account balances. we mitigate our risks by applying various alm strategies and with reinsurance. liabilities for unit-linked investments are impacted by changes in the fair value of the associated underlying investments, as the return on assets is generally passed directly to the policyholder.
the table below presents the breakdown of account value subject to minimum guaranteed crediting rates for asia:
guaranteed minimum crediting rate                         account                       account value                      value at guarantee
annuities greater than 0% but less than 2%                     $31,552                       $1,920
latin america policyholder account balances in this segment are held largely for investment-type products, universal life products, deferred annuities and unit-linked investments that do not meet the gaap definition of separate accounts. liabilities for unit-linked investments are impacted by changes in the fair value of the associated investments, as the return on assets is generally passed directly to the policyholder. many of the other liabilities have minimum credited rate guarantees, which could adversely impact liabilities and earnings in a sustained low interest rate environment. we mitigate our risk by applying various alm strategies.
emea policyholder account balances in this segment are held mostly for universal life, deferred annuities, pension products, and unit-linked investments that do not meet the gaap definition of separate accounts. they are also held for endowment products without significant mortality risk. a sustained low interest rate environment could adversely impact liabilities and earnings as a result of the minimum credited rate guarantees present in many of these policyholder account balances. we mitigate our risks by applying various alm strategies. liabilities for unit-linked investments are impacted by changes in the fair value of the associated investments, as the return on assets is generally passed directly to the policyholder.
metlife holdings life policyholder account balances in this segment are held for retained asset accounts, universal life policies, the fixed account of variable life insurance policies, and funding agreements. for annuities, policyholder account balances are held for fixed deferred annuities, the fixed account portion of variable annuities, non-life contingent income annuities, and embedded derivatives related to variable annuity guarantees. interest is credited to the policyholder's account at interest rates we determine which are influenced by current market rates, subject to specified minimums. a sustained low interest rate environment could adversely impact liabilities and earnings as a result of the minimum credited rate guarantees present in most of these policyholder account balances. we have various interest rate derivative positions to partially mitigate the risks associated with such a scenario. additionally, for our other products, policyholder account balances are held for variable annuity guarantees assumed from a former operating joint venture in japan that are accounted for as embedded derivatives.
the table below presents the breakdown of account value subject to minimum guaranteed crediting rates for the metlife holdings segment:
guaranteed minimum crediting rate                  account                      account value                        value at guarantee
variable annuity guarantees we issue, directly and through assumed business, certain variable annuity products with guaranteed minimum benefits that provide the policyholder a minimum return based on their initial deposit (i.e., the benefit base) less withdrawals. in some cases, the benefit base may be increased by additional deposits, bonus amounts, accruals or optional market value resets. see notes 1 and 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
certain guarantees, including portions thereof, have insurance liabilities established that are included in future policy benefits. guarantees accounted for in this manner include gmdbs, the life-contingent portion of gmwbs, elective gmib annuitizations, and the life contingent portion of gmibs that require annuitization when the account balance goes to zero. these liabilities are accrued over the life of the contract in proportion to actual and future expected policy assessments based on the level of guaranteed minimum benefits generated using multiple scenarios of separate account returns. the scenarios are based on best estimate assumptions consistent with those used to amortize dac. when current estimates of future benefits exceed those previously projected or when current estimates of future assessments are lower than those previously projected, liabilities will increase, resulting in a current period charge to net income. the opposite result occurs when the current estimates of future benefits are lower than those previously projected or when current estimates of future assessments exceed those previously projected. at the end of each reporting period, we update the actual amount of business remaining in-force, which impacts expected future assessments and the projection of estimated future benefits resulting in a current period charge or increase to earnings.
certain guarantees, including portions thereof, accounted for as embedded derivatives, are recorded at estimated fair value and included in policyholder account balances. guarantees accounted for as embedded derivatives include gmabs, the non-life contingent portion of gmwbs and certain non-life contingent portions of gmibs. the estimated fair values of guarantees accounted for as embedded derivatives are determined based on the present value of projected future benefits minus the present value of projected future fees. the projections of future benefits and future fees require capital market and actuarial assumptions, including expectations concerning policyholder behavior. a risk-neutral valuation methodology is used to project the cash flows from the guarantees under multiple capital market scenarios to determine an economic liability. the reported estimated fair value is then determined by taking the present value of these risk-free generated cash flows using a discount rate that incorporates a spread over the risk-free rate to reflect our nonperformance risk and adding a risk margin. for more information on the determination of estimated fair value, see note 10 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
future policy                                     policyholder benefits                                 account balances december 31,                                     december 31,
the carrying amounts for guarantees included in policyholder account balances above include nonperformance risk adjustments of $137 million and $147 million at december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. these nonperformance risk adjustments represent the impact of including a credit spread when discounting the underlying risk neutral cash flows to determine the estimated fair values. the nonperformance risk adjustment does not have an economic impact on us as it cannot be monetized given the nature of these policyholder liabilities. the change in valuation arising from the nonperformance risk adjustment is not hedged.
the carrying values of these guarantees can change significantly during periods of sizable and sustained shifts in equity market performance, equity volatility, interest rates or foreign currency exchange rates. carrying values are also impacted by our assumptions around mortality, separate account returns and policyholder behavior, including lapse rates.
as discussed below, we use a combination of product design, hedging strategies, reinsurance, and other risk management actions to mitigate the risks related to these benefits. within each type of guarantee, there is a range of product offerings reflecting the changing nature of these products over time. changes in product features and terms are in part driven by customer demand but, more importantly, reflect our risk management practices of continuously evaluating the guaranteed benefits and their associated asset-liability matching. we continue to diversify the concentration of income benefits in our portfolio by focusing on withdrawal benefits, variable annuities without living benefits and index-linked annuities.
the sections below provide further detail by total account value for certain of our most popular guarantees. total account values include amounts not reported on the consolidated balance sheets from assumed business, unit-linked investments that do not qualify for presentation as separate account assets, and amounts included in our general account. the total account values and the net amounts at risk include direct and assumed business, but exclude offsets from hedging or ceded reinsurance, if any.
gmdbs we offer a range of gmdbs to our contractholders. the table below presents gmdbs, by benefit type, at december 31, 2020:
(1)total account value excludes $603 million for contracts with no gmdbs. the company's annuity contracts with guarantees may offer more than one type of guarantee in each contract. therefore, the amounts listed for gmdbs and for living benefit guarantees are not mutually exclusive.
based on total account value, less than 18% of our gmdbs included enhanced death benefits such as the annual step-up or roll-up and step-up combination products at december 31, 2020.
living benefit guarantees the table below presents our living benefit guarantees based on total account values at december 31, 2020:
(1)total account value excludes $26.0 billion for contracts with no living benefit guarantees. the company's annuity contracts with guarantees may offer more than one type of guarantee in each contract. therefore, the amounts listed for gmdbs and for living benefit guarantee amounts are not mutually exclusive.
(2)the asia and emea segments include the non-life contingent portion of the gmwb total account value of $1.2 billion with a guarantee at annuitization.
in terms of total account value, gmibs are our most significant living benefit guarantee. our primary risk management strategy for our gmib products is our derivatives hedging program as discussed below. additionally, we have engaged in certain reinsurance agreements covering some of our gmib business. as part of our overall risk management approach for living benefit guarantees, we continually monitor the reinsurance markets for the right opportunity to purchase additional coverage for our gmib business. we stopped selling gmibs in february 2016.
10-year mortality projection, 10-year setback, 1.0% interest rate         8,234
10-year mortality projection, 10-year setback, 0.5% interest rate         1,456
the annuitization interest rates on gmibs have been decreased from 2.5% to 0.5% over time, partially in response to the low interest rate environment, accompanied by an increase in the setback period from seven years to 10 years and the introduction of a 10-year mortality projection.
additionally, 40% of the $21.2 billion of gmib total account value has been invested in managed volatility funds as of december 31, 2020. these funds seek to manage volatility by adjusting the fund holdings within certain guidelines based on capital market movements. such activity reduces the overall risk of the underlying funds while maintaining their growth opportunities. these risk mitigation techniques reduce or eliminate the need for us to manage the funds' volatility through hedging or reinsurance.
our gmib products typically have a waiting period of 10 years to be eligible for annuitization. as of december 31, 2020, only 26% of our contracts with gmibs were eligible for annuitization. the remaining contracts are not eligible for annuitization for an average of three years.
once eligible for annuitization, contractholders would be expected to annuitize only if their contracts were in-the-money. we calculate in-the-moneyness with respect to gmibs consistent with net amount at risk as discussed in note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, by comparing the contractholders' income benefits based on total account values and current annuity rates versus the guaranteed income benefits. the net amount at risk was $614 million at december 31, 2020, of which $552 million was related to gmibs. for those contracts with gmib, the table below presents details of contracts that are in-the-money and out-of-the-money at december 31, 2020:
derivatives hedging variable annuity guarantees our risk mitigating hedging strategy uses various otc and exchange traded derivatives. the table below presents the gross notional amount, estimated fair value and primary underlying risk exposure of the derivatives hedging our variable annuity guarantees:
primary underlying risk exposure                                                                                   gross notional                                           estimated fair value                      gross notional                                           estimated fair value instrument type                                                amount                              assets                      liabilities                        amount                              assets                      liabilities
equity market                                                  equity futures                                        4,891                              12                               38                             4,127                               5                                8
equity index options                                  5,360                             558                              408                             8,775                             473                              667
equity variance swaps                                   716                              15                               12                             1,115                              23                               19
equity total return swaps                             1,533                               3                              124                               761                               -                               70
the change in estimated fair values of our derivatives is recorded in policyholder benefits and claims if such derivatives are hedging guarantees included in future policy benefits, and in net derivative gains (losses) if such derivatives are hedging guarantees included in policyholder account balances.
our hedging strategy involves the significant use of static longer-term derivative instruments to avoid the need to execute transactions during periods of market disruption or higher volatility. we continually monitor the capital markets for opportunities to adjust our liability coverage, as appropriate. futures are also used to dynamically adjust the daily coverage levels as markets and liability exposures fluctuate.
we remain liable for the guaranteed benefits in the event that reinsurers or derivative counterparties are unable or unwilling to pay. certain of our reinsurance agreements and all derivative positions are collateralized and derivatives positions are subject to master netting agreements, both of which significantly reduce the exposure to counterparty risk. in addition, we are subject to the risk that hedging and other risk management actions prove ineffective or that unanticipated policyholder behavior or mortality, combined with adverse market events, produces economic losses beyond the scope of the risk management techniques employed.
liquidity and capital resources overview our business and results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the global capital markets and the economy generally. stressed conditions, volatility and disruptions in global capital markets, particular markets, or financial asset classes can have an adverse effect on us, in part because we have a large investment portfolio and our insurance liabilities and derivatives are sensitive to changing market factors. changing conditions in the global capital markets and the economy may affect our financing costs and market interest for our debt or equity securities. for further information regarding market factors that could affect our ability to meet liquidity and capital needs, see "- industry trends" and "- investments - current environment."
liquidity management based upon the strength of our franchise, diversification of our businesses, strong financial fundamentals and the substantial funding sources available to us as described herein, we continue to believe we have access to ample liquidity to meet business requirements under current market conditions and reasonably possible stress scenarios. we continuously monitor and adjust our liquidity and capital plans for metlife, inc. and its subsidiaries in light of market conditions, as well as changing needs and opportunities.
short-term liquidity we maintain a substantial short-term liquidity position, which was $9.4 billion and $9.8 billion at december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. short-term liquidity includes cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments, excluding assets that are pledged or otherwise committed, including amounts received in connection with securities lending, repurchase agreements, derivatives, and secured borrowings, as well as amounts held in the closed block.
liquid assets an integral part of our liquidity management includes managing our level of liquid assets, which was $235.1 billion and $221.4 billion at december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. liquid assets include cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and publicly-traded securities, excluding assets that are pledged or otherwise committed. assets pledged or otherwise committed include amounts received in connection with securities lending, repurchase agreements, derivatives, regulatory deposits, the collateral financing arrangement, funding agreements and secured borrowings, as well as amounts held in the closed block.
capital management we have established several senior management committees as part of our capital management process. these committees, including the capital management committee and the enterprise risk committee ("erc"), regularly review actual and projected capital levels (under a variety of scenarios including stress scenarios) and our annual capital plan in accordance with our capital policy. the capital management committee is comprised of members of senior management, including metlife, inc.'s chief financial officer ("cfo"), treasurer, and chief risk officer ("cro"). the erc is also comprised of members of senior management, including metlife, inc.'s cfo, cro and chief investment officer.
our board of directors and senior management are directly involved in the development and maintenance of our capital policy. the capital policy sets forth, among other things, minimum and target capital levels and the governance of the capital management process. all capital actions, including proposed changes to the annual capital plan, capital targets or capital policy, are reviewed by the finance and risk committee of the board of directors prior to obtaining full board of directors approval. the board of directors approves the capital policy and the annual capital plan and authorizes capital actions, as required.
see "risk factors - capital risks - we may not be able to pay dividends or repurchase our stock due to legal and regulatory restrictions or cash buffer needs" for information regarding restrictions on payment of dividends and stock repurchases. see also note 16 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding metlife, inc.'s common stock repurchase authorizations.
the company liquidity liquidity refers to the ability to generate adequate amounts of cash to meet our needs. we determine our liquidity needs based on a rolling 12-month forecast by portfolio of invested assets which we monitor daily. we adjust the asset mix and asset maturities based on this rolling 12-month forecast. to support this forecast, we conduct cash flow and stress testing, which include various scenarios of the potential risk of early contractholder and policyholder withdrawal. we include provisions limiting withdrawal rights on many of our products, including general account pension products sold to employee benefit plan sponsors. certain of these provisions prevent the customer from making withdrawals prior to the maturity date of the product. in the event of significant cash requirements beyond anticipated liquidity needs, we have various alternatives available depending on market conditions and the amount and timing of the liquidity need. these available alternatives include cash flows from operations, sales of liquid assets, global funding sources including commercial paper and various credit and committed facilities.
under certain stressful market and economic conditions, our access to liquidity may deteriorate, or the cost to access liquidity may increase. a downgrade in our credit or financial strength ratings could also negatively affect our liquidity. see "- rating agencies." if we require significant amounts of cash on short notice in excess of anticipated cash requirements or if we are required to post or return cash collateral in connection with derivatives or our securities lending program, we may have difficulty selling investments in a timely manner, be forced to sell them for less than we otherwise would have been able to realize, or both. in addition, in the event of such forced sale, for securities in an unrealized loss position, realized losses would be incurred on securities sold and impairments would be incurred, if there is a need to sell securities prior to recovery, which may negatively impact our financial condition. see "risk factors - investment risks - we may have difficulty selling holdings in our investment portfolio or in our securities lending program in a timely manner to realize their full value."
all general account assets within a particular legal entity - other than those which may have been pledged to a specific purpose - are generally available to fund obligations of the general account of that legal entity.
capital we manage our capital position to maintain our financial strength and credit ratings. see "- rating agencies" for information regarding such ratings. our capital position is supported by our ability to generate strong cash flows within our operating companies and borrow funds at competitive rates, as well as by our demonstrated ability to raise additional capital to meet operating and growth needs despite adverse market and economic conditions.
statutory capital and dividends our u.s. insurance subsidiaries have statutory surplus well above levels to meet current regulatory requirements.
rbc requirements are used as minimum capital requirements by the naic and the state insurance departments to identify companies that merit regulatory action. rbc is based on a formula calculated by applying factors to various asset, premium, claim, expense and statutory reserve items. the formula takes into account the risk characteristics of the insurer, including asset risk, insurance risk, interest rate risk, market risk and business risk and is calculated on an annual basis. the formula is used as an early warning regulatory tool to identify possible inadequately capitalized insurers for purposes of initiating regulatory action, and not as a means to rank insurers generally. these rules apply to most of our u.s. insurance subsidiaries. state insurance laws provide insurance regulators the authority to require various actions by, or take various actions against, insurers whose total adjusted capital does not meet or exceed certain rbc levels. as of the date of the most recent annual statutory financial statements filed with insurance regulators, the total adjusted capital of each of these subsidiaries subject to these requirements was in excess of each of those rbc levels.
as a delaware corporation, american life is subject to delaware law; however, because it does not conduct insurance business in delaware or any other u.s. state, it is exempt from rbc requirements under delaware law. american life's operations are also regulated by applicable authorities of the jurisdictions in which it operates and is subject to capital and solvency requirements in those jurisdictions.
the amount of dividends that our insurance subsidiaries can pay to metlife, inc. or to other parent entities is constrained by the amount of surplus we hold to maintain our ratings, which provides an additional margin for risk protection and investment in our businesses. we proactively take actions to maintain capital consistent with these ratings objectives, which may include adjusting dividend amounts and deploying financial resources from internal or external sources of capital. certain of these activities may require regulatory approval. furthermore, the payment of dividends and other distributions to metlife, inc. and other parent entities by their respective insurance subsidiaries is governed by insurance laws and regulations. see "business - regulation - insurance regulation," "- metlife, inc. - liquidity and capital sources - dividends from subsidiaries" and note 16 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
affiliated captive reinsurance transactions mlic cedes specific policy classes, including term and universal life insurance, participating whole life insurance, ltd insurance, group life insurance and other business to various wholly-owned captive reinsurers. the reinsurance activities among these affiliated companies are eliminated within our consolidated results of operations. the statutory reserves of such affiliated captive reinsurers are supported by a combination of funds withheld assets, investment assets and letters of credit issued by unaffiliated financial institutions. metlife, inc. has entered into various support agreements in connection with the activities of these captive reinsurers. see note 5 of the notes to the metlife, inc. (parent company only) condensed financial information included in schedule ii of the financial statement schedules for further details on certain of these support arrangements. mlic has entered into reinsurance agreements with affiliated captive reinsurers for risk and capital management purposes, as well as to manage statutory reserve requirements related to universal life and term life insurance policies and other business.
the nydfs continues to have a moratorium on new reserve financing transactions involving captive insurers. we are not aware of any states other than new york and california implementing such a moratorium. while such a moratorium would not impact our existing reinsurance agreements with captive reinsurers, a moratorium placed on the use of captives for new reserve financing transactions could impact our ability to write certain products and/or impact our rbc ratios and ability to deploy excess capital in the future. this could result in our need to increase prices, modify product features or limit the availability of those products to our customers. while this affects insurers across the industry, it could adversely impact our competitive position and our results of operations in the future. we continue to evaluate product modifications, pricing structure and alternative means of managing risks, capital and statutory reserves and we expect the discontinued use of captive reinsurance on new reserve financing transactions would not have a material impact on our future consolidated financial results. see note 6 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information on our reinsurance activities.
rating agencies rating agencies assign insurer financial strength ratings to metlife, inc.'s u.s. life insurance subsidiaries and credit ratings to metlife, inc. and certain of its subsidiaries. financial strength ratings represent the opinion of rating agencies regarding the ability of an insurance company to pay obligations under insurance policies and contracts in accordance with their terms and are not evaluations directed toward the protection of investors in metlife, inc.'s securities. insurer financial strength ratings are not statements of fact nor are they recommendations to purchase, hold or sell any security, contract or policy. each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating.
rating agencies use an "outlook statement" of "positive," "stable," ''negative'' or "developing" to indicate a medium- or long-term trend in credit fundamentals which, if continued, may lead to a rating change. a rating may have a "stable" outlook to indicate that the rating is not expected to change; however, a "stable" rating does not preclude a rating agency from changing a rating at any time, without notice. certain rating agencies assign rating modifiers such as "creditwatch" or "under review" to indicate their opinion regarding the potential direction of a rating. these ratings modifiers are generally assigned in connection with certain events such as potential mergers, acquisitions, dispositions or material changes in a company's results, in order for the rating agency to perform its analysis to fully determine the rating implications of the event.
our insurer financial strength ratings at the date of this filing are indicated in the following table. outlook is stable unless otherwise indicated. additional information about financial strength ratings can be found on the websites of the respective rating agencies.
a.m. best                                                 fitch                                   moody's                                   s&amp;p ratings structure                               "a++ (superior)"                                           "aaa                             "aaa (highest                           "aaa (extremely to "s (suspended)"                               (exceptionally                           quality)" to "c                           strong)" to "sd strong)" to "c                           (lowest rated)"                                (selective
metropolitan life insurance company             a+                                                          aa-                                       aa3                                       aa-
metropolitan tower life insurance company       a+                                                          aa-                                       aa3                                       aa-
nr = not rated credit ratings indicate the rating agency's opinion regarding a debt issuer's ability to meet the terms of debt obligations in a timely manner. they are important factors in our overall funding profile and ability to access certain types of liquidity. the level and composition of regulatory capital at the subsidiary level and our equity capital are among the many factors considered in determining our insurer financial strength ratings and credit ratings. each agency has its own capital adequacy evaluation methodology, and assessments are generally based on a combination of factors. in addition to heightening the level of scrutiny that they apply to insurance companies, rating agencies have increased and may continue to increase the frequency and scope of their credit reviews, may request additional information from the companies that they rate and may adjust upward the capital and other requirements employed in the rating agency models for maintenance of certain ratings levels.
a downgrade in the credit ratings or insurer financial strength ratings of metlife, inc. or its subsidiaries would likely impact us in the following ways, including:
impact our ability to generate cash flows from the sale of funding agreements and other capital market products offered by our ris business;
impact the cost and availability of financing for metlife, inc. and its subsidiaries; and
result in additional collateral requirements or other required payments under certain agreements, which are eligible to be satisfied in cash or by posting investments held by the subsidiaries subject to the agreements. see "- liquidity and capital uses - pledged collateral."
see also "risk factors - economic environment and capital markets risks - we may lose business due to a downgrade or a potential downgrade in our financial strength or credit ratings."
summary of the company's primary sources and uses of liquidity and capital our primary sources and uses of liquidity and capital are summarized as follows:
operating activities, net                                                                                  $11,639                         $13,786
net change in payables for collateral under securities loaned and other transactions                         3,538                           2,019
cash received for other transactions with tenors greater than three months                                     150                             125
investing activities, net                                                                                   18,569                          17,586
cash paid for other transactions with tenors greater than three months                                         175                             200
treasury stock acquired in connection with share repurchases                                                 1,151                           2,285
cash flows from operations the principal cash inflows from our insurance activities come from insurance premiums, net investment income, annuity considerations and deposit funds. the principal cash outflows are the result of various life insurance, property and casualty, annuity and pension products, operating expenses and income tax, as well as interest expense. a primary liquidity concern with respect to these cash flows is the risk of early contractholder and policyholder withdrawal.
cash flows from investments the principal cash inflows from our investment activities come from repayments of principal, proceeds from maturities and sales of investments and settlements of freestanding derivatives. the principal cash outflows relate to purchases of investments, issuances of policy loans and settlements of freestanding derivatives. additional cash outflows relate to purchases of businesses. we typically have a net cash outflow from investing activities because cash inflows from insurance operations are reinvested in accordance with our alm discipline to fund insurance liabilities. we closely monitor and manage these risks through our comprehensive investment risk management process. the primary liquidity concerns with respect to these cash flows are the risk of default by debtors and market disruption.
cash flows from financing the principal cash inflows from our financing activities come from issuances of debt and other securities, deposits of funds associated with policyholder account balances and lending of securities. the principal cash outflows come from repayments of debt and the collateral financing arrangement, payments of dividends on and repurchases or redemptions of metlife, inc.'s securities, withdrawals associated with policyholder account balances and the return of securities on loan. the primary liquidity concerns with respect to these cash flows are market disruption and the risk of early contractholder and policyholder withdrawal.
liquidity and capital sources in addition to the general description of liquidity and capital sources in "- summary of the company's primary sources and uses of liquidity and capital," the company's primary sources of liquidity and capital are set forth below.
global funding sources liquidity is provided by a variety of global funding sources, including funding agreements, credit and committed facilities and commercial paper. capital is provided by a variety of global funding sources, including short-term and long-term debt, the collateral financing arrangement, junior subordinated debt securities, preferred securities, equity securities and equity-linked securities. metlife, inc. maintains a shelf registration statement with the sec that permits the issuance of public debt, equity and hybrid securities. as a "well-known seasoned issuer" under sec rules, metlife, inc.'s shelf registration statement provides for automatic effectiveness upon filing and has no stated issuance capacity. the diversity of our global funding sources enhances our funding flexibility, limits dependence on any one market or source of funds and generally lowers the cost of funds. our primary global funding sources include:
commercial paper, reported in short-term debt metlife, inc. and metlife funding each have a commercial paper program that is supported by our unsecured revolving credit facility (see "- credit and committed facilities"). metlife funding raises cash from its commercial paper program and uses the proceeds to extend loans through metlife credit corp., another subsidiary of mlic, to affiliates in order to enhance the financial flexibility and liquidity of these companies.
fhlb funding agreements, reported in policyholder account balances certain of our u.s. insurance subsidiaries are members of a regional fhlb. for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, we issued $35.4 billion and $33.0 billion, respectively, and repaid $34.5 billion and $32.8 billion, respectively, of funding agreements with certain regional fhlbs. at december 31, 2020 and 2019, total obligations outstanding under these funding agreements were $16.3 billion and $15.3 billion, respectively. see note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
fhlb advance agreements, reported in payables for collateral under securities loaned and other transactions for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, we borrowed $2.8 billion and $3.0 billion, respectively, and repaid $2.9 billion and $3.0 billion, respectively, under advance agreements with the fhlb of boston. at december 31, 2020, total obligations outstanding under these advance agreements were $700 million and reported in liabilities held-for-sale. at december 31, 2019, total obligations outstanding under these advance agreements were $800 million and reported in payables for collateral under securities loaned and other transactions. see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information on the pending disposition of metlife p&c.
special purpose entity funding agreements, reported in policyholder account balances we issue fixed and floating rate funding agreements which are denominated in either u.s. dollars or foreign currencies, to certain unconsolidated special purpose entities that have issued either debt securities or commercial paper for which payment of interest and principal is secured by such funding agreements. for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, we issued $40.4 billion and $37.3 billion, respectively, and repaid $36.7 billion and $36.4 billion, respectively, under such funding agreements. at december 31, 2020 and 2019, total obligations outstanding under these funding agreements were $39.9 billion and $34.6 billion, respectively. see note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
debt issuances see "- liquidity and capital uses - debt repurchases, redemptions and exchanges" and note 13 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information on senior note redemptions and issuances.
credit and committed facilities see note 13 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information on credit and committed facilities.
we have no reason to believe that our lending counterparties will be unable to fulfill their respective contractual obligations under these facilities. as commitments under our credit and committed facilities may expire unused, these amounts do not necessarily reflect our actual future cash funding requirements.
junior subordinated debt securities          $3,153                      $3,150
debt and facility covenants certain of our debt instruments and committed facilities, as well as our unsecured revolving credit facility, contain various administrative, reporting, legal and financial covenants. we believe we were in compliance with all applicable financial covenants at december 31, 2020.
dispositions for information regarding pending and other dispositions, see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
liquidity and capital uses in addition to the general description of liquidity and capital uses in "- summary of the company's primary sources and uses of liquidity and capital" and "- contractual obligations," the company's primary uses of liquidity and capital are set forth below.
common stock repurchases are subject to the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon our capital position, liquidity, financial strength and credit ratings, general market conditions, the market price of metlife, inc.'s common stock compared to management's assessment of the stock's underlying value, applicable regulatory approvals, and other legal and accounting factors. restrictions on the payment of dividends that may arise under so-called "dividend stopper" provisions would also restrict metlife, inc.'s ability to repurchase common stock. see "- dividends" for information about these restrictions. see also "risk factors - capital risks - we may not be able to pay dividends or repurchase our stock due to legal and regulatory restrictions or cash buffer needs."
dividends for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, metlife, inc. paid dividends on its preferred stock of $202 million and $178 million, respectively. for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, metlife, inc. paid dividends on its common stock of $1.7 billion and $1.6 billion, respectively. see note 16 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding the calculation and timing of these dividend payments.
the declaration and payment of common stock dividends are subject to the discretion of our board of directors, and will depend on metlife, inc.'s financial condition, results of operations, cash requirements, future prospects, regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends by metlife, inc.'s insurance subsidiaries and other factors deemed relevant by the board.
"dividend stopper" provisions in metlife's preferred stock and junior subordinated debentures metlife, inc.'s preferred stock and junior subordinated debentures contain "dividend stopper" provisions under which metlife, inc. may not pay dividends on instruments junior to those instruments if payments have not been made on those instruments. moreover, metlife, inc.'s series a preferred stock and its junior subordinated debentures contain provisions that would limit the payment of dividends or interest on those instruments if metlife, inc. fails to meet certain tests ("trigger events"), to an amount not greater than the net proceeds from sales of common stock and other specified instruments during a period preceding the dividend declaration date or the interest payment date, as applicable. if such proceeds were under the circumstances insufficient to make such payments on those instruments, the dividend stopper provisions affecting common stock (and preferred stock, as applicable) would come into effect.
the rbc ratio of metlife's largest u.s. insurance subsidiaries in the aggregate (as defined in the applicable instrument) were to be less than 175% of the company action level based on the subsidiaries' prior year annual financial statements filed (generally around march 1) with state insurance commissioners; or
at the end of a quarter ("final quarter end test date"), consolidated gaap net income for the four-quarter period ending two quarters before such quarter-end (the "preliminary quarter end test date") is zero or a negative amount and the consolidated gaap stockholders' equity, minus aoci (the "adjusted stockholders' equity amount"), as of the final quarter end test date and the preliminary quarter end test date, declined by 10% or more from its level 10 quarters before the final quarter end test date (the "benchmark quarter end test date").
once a trigger event occurs for a final quarter end test date, the suspension of payments of dividends and interest (in the absence of sufficient net proceeds from the issuance of certain securities during specified periods) would continue until there is no trigger event at a subsequent final quarter end test date, and, if the test in the second paragraph above caused the trigger event, the adjusted stockholders' equity amount is no longer 10% or more below its level at the benchmark quarter end test date that is associated with the trigger event. in the case of successive trigger events, the suspension would continue until metlife satisfies these conditions for each of the trigger events.
the junior subordinated debentures further provide that metlife, inc. may, at its option and provided that certain conditions are met, elect to defer payment of interest. see note 15 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. any such elective deferral would trigger the dividend stopper provisions.
further, metlife, inc. is a party to certain replacement capital covenants which limit its ability to eliminate these restrictions through the repayment, redemption or purchase of the junior subordinated debentures by requiring metlife, inc., with some limitations, to receive cash proceeds during a specified period from the sale of specified replacement securities prior to any repayment, redemption or purchase. see note 15 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for a description of such covenants.
debt repayments for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, following regulatory approval, metlife reinsurance company of charleston, a wholly-owned subsidiary of metlife, inc., repurchased and canceled $148 million and $67 million, respectively, in aggregate principal amount of its surplus notes, which were reported in collateral financing arrangement on the consolidated balance sheets. see notes 13 and 14 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information on long-term and short-term debt and the collateral financing arrangement, respectively.
debt repurchases, redemptions and exchanges we may from time to time seek to retire or purchase our outstanding debt through cash purchases, redemptions and/or exchanges for other securities, in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. any such repurchases, redemptions, or exchanges will be dependent upon several factors, including our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions, general market conditions, and applicable regulatory, legal and accounting factors. whether or not to repurchase or redeem any debt and the size and timing of any such repurchases or redemptions will be determined at our discretion.
support agreements metlife, inc. and several of its subsidiaries (each, an "obligor") are parties to various capital support commitments and guarantees with subsidiaries. under these arrangements, each obligor has agreed to cause the applicable entity to meet specified capital and surplus levels or has guaranteed certain contractual obligations. we anticipate that in the event these arrangements place demands upon us, there will be sufficient liquidity and capital to enable us to meet such demands. see note 5 of the notes to the metlife, inc. (parent company only) condensed financial information included in schedule ii of the financial statement schedules.
insurance liabilities liabilities arising from our insurance activities primarily relate to benefit payments under various life insurance, property and casualty, annuity and group pension products, as well as payments for policy surrenders, withdrawals and loans. for annuity or deposit type products, surrender or lapse behavior differs somewhat by segment. in the metlife holdings segment, which includes individual annuities, lapses and surrenders tend to occur in the normal course of business. for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, general account surrenders and withdrawals from annuity products were $1.3 billion and $1.8 billion, respectively. in the ris business within the u.s. segment, which includes pension risk transfers, bank-owned life insurance and other fixed annuity contracts, as well as funding agreements and other capital market products, most of the products offered have fixed maturities or fairly predictable surrenders or withdrawals. with regard to the ris business products that provide customers with limited rights to accelerate payments, at december 31, 2020, there were funding agreements totaling $132 million that could be put back to the company.
pledged collateral we pledge collateral to, and have collateral pledged to us by, counterparties in connection with our derivatives. at december 31, 2020 and 2019, we had received pledged cash collateral from counterparties of $7.6 billion and $6.3 billion, respectively. at december 31, 2020 and 2019, we had pledged cash collateral to counterparties of $266 million and $275 million, respectively. see note 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information about collateral pledged to us, collateral we pledge and derivatives subject to credit contingent provisions.
we pledge collateral and have had collateral pledged to us, and may be required from time to time to pledge additional collateral or be entitled to have additional collateral pledged to us, in connection with the collateral financing arrangement related to the reinsurance of closed block liabilities. see note 14 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
we pledge collateral from time to time in connection with funding agreements and advance agreements. see note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
securities lending and repurchase agreements we participate in a securities lending program and in short-term repurchase agreements whereby securities are loaned to unaffiliated financial institutions. we obtain collateral, usually cash, from the borrower, which must be returned to the borrower when the loaned securities are returned to us. through these arrangements, we were liable for cash collateral under our control of $21.8 billion and $19.7 billion at december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, including a portion that may require the immediate return of cash collateral we hold. see note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
litigation we establish liabilities for litigation and regulatory loss contingencies when it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. for material matters where a loss is believed to be reasonably possible but not probable, no accrual is made but we disclose the nature of the contingency and an aggregate estimate of the reasonably possible range of loss in excess of amounts accrued, when such an estimate can be made. it is not possible to predict the ultimate outcome of all pending investigations and legal proceedings. in some of the matters referred to herein, very large and/or indeterminate amounts, including punitive and treble damages, are sought. given the large and/or indeterminate amounts sought in certain of these matters and the inherent unpredictability of litigation, it is possible that an adverse outcome in certain matters could, from time to time, have a material adverse effect on our consolidated net income or cash flows in particular quarterly or annual periods. see note 21 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
acquisitions see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding the acquisition of versant health.
insurance liabilities                                                            $354,749                    $22,197                   $12,088                      $13,046                          $307,418
payables for collateral under securities loaned and other transactions             29,475                     29,475                         -                            -                                 -
investment commitments                                                             11,735                     11,408                       308                           17                                 2
insurance liabilities insurance liabilities include future policy benefits, other policy-related balances, policyholder dividends payable and the policyholder dividend obligation, which are all reported on the consolidated balance sheet and are more fully described in notes 1 and 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. the amounts presented reflect future estimated cash payments and (i) are based on mortality, morbidity, lapse and other assumptions comparable with our experience and expectations of future payment patterns; and (ii) consider future premium receipts on current policies in-force. all estimated cash payments presented are undiscounted as to interest, net of estimated future premiums on in-force policies and gross of any reinsurance recoverable. payment of amounts related to policyholder dividends left on deposit are projected based on assumptions of policyholder withdrawal activity. because the exact timing and amount of the ultimate policyholder dividend obligation is subject to significant uncertainty and the amount of the policyholder dividend obligation is based upon a long-term projection of the performance of the closed block, we have reflected the obligation at the amount of the liability, if any, presented on the consolidated balance sheet in the more than five years category. additionally, the more than five years category includes estimated payments due for periods extending for more than 100 years.
the sum of the estimated cash flows of $354.7 billion exceeds the liability amounts of $227.3 billion included on the consolidated balance sheet principally due to (i) the time value of money, which accounts for a substantial portion of the difference; (ii) differences in assumptions, most significantly mortality, between the date the liabilities were initially established and the current date; and (iii) liabilities related to accounting conventions, or which are not contractually due, which are excluded.
actual cash payments may differ significantly from the liabilities as presented on the consolidated balance sheet and the estimated cash payments as presented due to differences between actual experience and the assumptions used in the establishment of these liabilities and the estimation of these cash payments.
for the majority of our insurance operations, estimated contractual obligations for future policy benefits and policyholder account balances, as presented, are derived from the annual asset adequacy analysis used to develop actuarial opinions of statutory reserve adequacy for state regulatory purposes. these cash flows are materially representative of the cash flows under gaap. see "- policyholder account balances."
policyholder account balances see notes 1 and 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for a description of the components of policyholder account balances. see "- insurance liabilities" regarding the source and uncertainties associated with the estimation of the contractual obligations related to future policy benefits and policyholder account balances.
amounts presented represent the estimated cash payments undiscounted as to interest and including assumptions related to the receipt of future premiums and deposits; withdrawals, including unscheduled or partial withdrawals; policy lapses; surrender charges; annuitization; mortality; future interest credited; policy loans and other contingent events as appropriate for the respective product type. such estimated cash payments are also presented net of estimated future premiums on policies currently in-force and gross of any reinsurance recoverable. for obligations denominated in foreign currencies, cash payments have been estimated using current spot foreign currency rates.
the sum of the estimated cash flows of $250.5 billion exceeds the liability amount of $205.2 billion included on the consolidated balance sheet principally due to (i) the time value of money, which accounts for a substantial portion of the difference; (ii) differences in assumptions, between the date the liabilities were initially established and the current date; and (iii) liabilities related to accounting conventions, or which are not contractually due, which are excluded.
payables for collateral under securities loaned and other transactions we have accepted cash collateral in connection with securities lending, repurchase agreements, fhlb of boston short-term advance agreements and derivatives. as these transactions expire within the next year and the timing of the return of the derivatives collateral is uncertain, the return of the collateral has been included in the one year or less category in the table above. we also held non-cash collateral, which is not reflected as a liability on the consolidated balance sheet, of $1.7 billion at december 31, 2020.
debt amounts presented for debt include short-term debt, long-term debt, the collateral financing arrangement and junior subordinated debt securities, the total of which differs from the total of the corresponding amounts presented on the consolidated balance sheet as the amounts presented herein (i) do not include premiums or discounts upon issuance or purchase accounting fair value adjustments; (ii) include future interest on such obligations for the period from january 1, 2021 through maturity; and (iii) do not include long-term debt relating to cses at december 31, 2020 as such debt does not represent our contractual obligation. future interest on variable rate debt was computed using prevailing rates at december 31, 2020 and, as such, does not consider the impact of future rate movements. future interest on fixed rate debt was computed using the stated rate on the obligations for the period from january 1, 2021 through maturity, except with respect to junior subordinated debt which was computed using the stated rates through the scheduled redemption dates as it is our expectation that such obligations will be redeemed as scheduled. inclusion of interest payments on junior subordinated debt securities through the final maturity dates would increase the contractual obligation by $7.7 billion. pursuant to the collateral financing arrangement, metlife, inc. may be required to deliver cash or pledge collateral to the unaffiliated financial institution. see note 14 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
investment commitments to enhance the return on our investment portfolio, we commit to lend funds under mortgage loans, bank credit facilities, bridge loans and private corporate bond investments and we commit to fund partnership investments. in the table above, the timing of the funding of mortgage loans and private corporate bond investments is based on the expiration dates of the corresponding commitments. as it relates to commitments to fund partnerships and bank credit facilities, we anticipate that these amounts could be invested any time over the next five years; however, as the timing of the fulfillment of the obligation cannot be predicted, such obligations are generally presented in the one year or less category. commitments to fund bridge loans are short-term obligations and, as a result, are presented in the one year or less category. see note 21 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements and "- off-balance sheet arrangements."
operating leases as a lessee, we have various operating leases, primarily for office space. contractual provisions exist that could increase or accelerate those lease obligations presented, including various leases with early buyouts and/or escalation clauses. however, the impact of any such transactions would not be material to our financial position or results of operations. see note 11 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
other other obligations presented are principally comprised of amounts due under reinsurance agreements, payables related to securities purchased but not yet settled, securities sold short, accrued interest on debt obligations, estimated fair value of derivative obligations, deferred compensation arrangements, guaranty liabilities, and accruals and accounts payable due under contractual obligations, which are all reported in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. if the timing of any of these other obligations is sufficiently uncertain, the amounts are included within the one year or less category. items reported in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet that were excluded from the table represent accounting conventions or are not liabilities due under contractual obligations. unrecognized tax benefits and related accrued interest totaling $323 million were excluded as the timing of payment could not be reliably determined at december 31, 2020.
separate account liabilities are excluded as they are fully funded by cash flows from the corresponding separate account assets and are set equal to the estimated fair value of separate account assets.
we also enter into agreements to purchase goods and services in the normal course of business; however, such amounts are excluded as these purchase obligations were not material to our consolidated results of operations or financial position at december 31, 2020.
additionally, we have agreements in place for services we conduct, generally at cost, between subsidiaries relating to insurance, reinsurance, loans and capitalization. intercompany transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. intercompany transactions among insurance subsidiaries and affiliates have been approved by the appropriate insurance regulators as required.
liquidity and capital management liquidity and capital are managed to preserve stable, reliable and cost-effective sources of cash to meet all current and future financial obligations and are provided by a variety of sources, including a portfolio of liquid assets, a diversified mix of short- and long-term funding sources from the wholesale financial markets and the ability to borrow through credit and committed facilities. liquidity is monitored through the use of internal liquidity risk metrics, including the composition and level of the liquid asset portfolio, timing differences in short-term cash flow obligations, access to the financial markets for capital and debt transactions and exposure to contingent draws on metlife, inc.'s liquidity. metlife, inc. is an active participant in the global financial markets through which it obtains a significant amount of funding. these markets, which serve as cost-effective sources of funds, are critical components of metlife, inc.'s liquidity and capital management. decisions to access these markets are based upon relative costs, prospective views of balance sheet growth and a targeted liquidity profile and capital structure. a disruption in the financial markets could limit metlife, inc.'s access to liquidity.
metlife, inc.'s ability to maintain regular access to competitively priced wholesale funds is fostered by its current credit ratings from the major credit rating agencies. we view our capital ratios, credit quality, stable and diverse earnings streams, diversity of liquidity sources and our liquidity monitoring procedures as critical to retaining such credit ratings. see "- the company - rating agencies."
liquidity for a summary of metlife, inc.'s liquidity, see "- the company - liquidity."
capital for a summary of metlife, inc.'s capital, see "- the company - capital." see also "- the company - liquidity and capital uses - common stock repurchases" for information regarding metlife, inc.'s common stock repurchases.
liquid assets at december 31, 2020 and 2019, metlife, inc. and other metlife holding companies had $4.5 billion and $4.2 billion, respectively, in liquid assets. of these amounts, $3.6 billion and $3.0 billion were held by metlife, inc. and $873 million and $1.2 billion were held by other metlife holding companies at december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. liquid assets include cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and publicly-traded securities, excluding assets that are pledged or otherwise committed. assets pledged or otherwise committed include amounts received in connection with derivatives and a collateral financing arrangement.
liquid assets held in non-u.s. holding companies are generated in part through dividends from non-u.s. insurance operations. such dividends are subject to local insurance regulatory requirements, as discussed in "- liquidity and capital sources - dividends from subsidiaries." as a result of u.s. tax reform, we expect to repatriate future foreign earnings back to the u.s. with minimal or no additional u.s. tax. see note 19 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements and "- risk factors - regulatory and legal risks - changes in laws or regulation, or in supervisory and enforcement policies, may reduce our profitability, limit our growth, or otherwise adversely affect us."
dividends and returns of capital from subsidiaries (1)                                                                                        $4,327                                                                        $4,327                                                      $4,800                                                                        $4,800
capital contributions to subsidiaries                                                                                                            422                                                                           422                                                          75                                                                            75
treasury stock acquired in connection with share repurchases                                                                                   1,151                                                                             -                                                       2,285                                                                             -
net cash provided by operating activities, metlife, inc. (parent company only)                                                                $3,479                                                                                                                                    $4,177
dividends and returns of capital from subsidiaries                                                                                            $1,301                                                                        $1,301                                                      $2,199                                                                        $2,199
capital contributions from metlife, inc.                                                                                                           -                                                                             -                                                           -                                                                             -
capital contributions to subsidiaries                                                                                                             55                                                                            55                                                          67                                                                            67
dividends and returns of capital to metlife, inc.                                                                                              1,200                                                                         1,200                                                       1,100                                                                         1,100
(1)dividends and returns of capital to metlife, inc. included $3.1 billion and $3.7 billion from operating subsidiaries and $1.2 billion and $1.1 billion from other metlife holding companies for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
(5)amounts to fund business acquisitions were $1.9 billion (included in other, net) and $0 for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
(6)see "- non-gaap and other financial disclosures" for the reconciliation of net cash provided by operating activities of metlife, inc. to free cash flow of all holding companies.
the primary sources of metlife, inc.'s liquid assets are dividends and returns of capital from subsidiaries, issuances of long-term debt, issuances of common and preferred stock, and net receipts from subsidiaries under a tax sharing agreement. metlife, inc.'s insurance subsidiaries are subject to regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends imposed by the regulators of their respective domiciles. see "- liquidity and capital sources - dividends from subsidiaries."
the primary uses of metlife, inc.'s liquid assets are principal and interest payments on long-term debt, dividends on and repurchases of common and preferred stock, capital contributions to subsidiaries, funding of business acquisitions, income taxes and operating expenses. metlife, inc. is party to various capital support commitments and guarantees with certain of its subsidiaries. see "- liquidity and capital uses - support agreements."
in addition, metlife, inc. issues loans to subsidiaries or subsidiaries issue loans to metlife, inc. accordingly, changes in metlife, inc. liquid assets include issuances of loans to subsidiaries, proceeds of loans from subsidiaries and the related repayment of principal and payment of interest on such loans. see "- liquidity and capital sources - affiliated long-term debt" and "- liquidity and capital uses - affiliated capital and debt transactions."
sources and uses of liquid assets of other metlife holding companies the primary sources of liquid assets of other metlife holding companies are dividends, returns of capital and remittances from their subsidiaries and branches, principally non-u.s. insurance companies; capital contributions received; receipts of principal and interest on loans to subsidiaries and affiliates and borrowings from subsidiaries and affiliates. metlife, inc.'s non-u.s. operations are subject to regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends imposed by local regulators. see "- liquidity and capital sources - dividends from subsidiaries."
the primary uses of liquid assets of other metlife holding companies are capital contributions paid to their subsidiaries and branches, principally non-u.s. insurance companies; loans to subsidiaries and affiliates; principal and interest paid on loans from subsidiaries and affiliates; dividends and returns of capital to metlife, inc. and the following items, which are reported within other, net: business acquisitions; and operating expenses. there were no uses of liquid assets of other metlife holding companies to fund business acquisitions during the years ended december 31, 2020 or 2019.
liquidity and capital sources in addition to the description of liquidity and capital sources in "- the company - summary of the company's primary sources and uses of liquidity and capital" and "- the company - liquidity and capital sources," metlife, inc.'s primary sources of liquidity and capital are set forth below.
dividends from subsidiaries metlife, inc. relies, in part, on dividends from its subsidiaries to meet its cash requirements. metlife, inc.'s insurance subsidiaries are subject to regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends imposed by the regulators of their respective domiciles. see note 16 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. the dividend limitation for u.s. insurance subsidiaries is generally based on the surplus to policyholders at the end of the immediately preceding calendar year and statutory net gain from operations for the immediately preceding calendar year. statutory accounting practices, as prescribed by insurance regulators of various states in which we conduct business, differ in certain respects from accounting principles used in financial statements prepared in conformity with gaap. the significant differences relate to the treatment of dac, certain deferred income tax, required investment liabilities, statutory reserve calculation assumptions, goodwill and surplus notes.
the table below sets forth the dividends permitted to be paid by metlife, inc.'s primary u.s. insurance subsidiaries without insurance regulatory approval and the actual dividends paid:
company                                                                       permitted without approval (1)                           paid (2)                              permitted without approval (1)                           paid (2)                  permitted without approval (1)
metropolitan life insurance company                                                      $3,392                                     $2,832                                              $3,272                                     $3,065                                  $3,065
metropolitan property and casualty insurance company (4)                                   $222                                       $250                                                $114                                       $430                                    $171
metropolitan tower life insurance company                                                   $82                                         $-                                                $149                                         $-                                    $154
(1)reflects dividend amounts that may be paid during the relevant year without prior regulatory approval. however, because dividend tests may be based on dividends previously paid over rolling 12-month periods, if paid before a specified date during such year, some or all of such dividends may require regulatory approval.
(4)see note 3 for information regarding the pending disposition of metlife p&c which may impact the ability of metlife p&c to pay a dividend to metlife, inc. in 2021.
in addition to the amounts presented in the table above, for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, metlife, inc. also received cash payments of $29 million and $195 million, respectively, representing dividends from certain other subsidiaries. additionally, for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, metlife, inc. received cash returns of capital of $16 million and $10 million, respectively.
the dividend capacity of our non-u.s. operations is subject to similar restrictions established by the local regulators. the non-u.s. regulatory regimes also commonly limit dividend payments to the parent company to a portion of the subsidiary's prior year statutory income, as determined by the local accounting principles. the regulators of our non-u.s. operations, including the fsa, may also limit or not permit profit repatriations or other transfers of funds to the u.s. if such transfers are deemed to be detrimental to the solvency or financial strength of the non-u.s. operations, or for other reasons. most of our non-u.s. subsidiaries are second tier subsidiaries which are owned by various non-u.s. holding companies. the capital and rating considerations applicable to our first tier subsidiaries may also impact the dividend flow into metlife, inc.
we proactively manage target and excess capital levels and dividend flows and forecast local capital positions as part of the financial planning cycle. the dividend capacity of certain u.s. and non-u.s. subsidiaries is also subject to business targets in excess of the minimum capital necessary to maintain the desired rating or level of financial strength in the relevant market. see "risk factors - capital risks - our subsidiaries may be unable to pay dividends, a major component of holding company free cash flow" and note 16 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
collateral financing arrangement and junior subordinated debt securities for information on metlife, inc.'s collateral financing arrangement and junior subordinated debt securities, see notes 14 and 15 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, respectively.
credit and committed facilities see note 13 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the company's unsecured revolving credit facility and certain committed facilities.
junior subordinated debt securities          $2,461                      $2,458
debt and facility covenants certain of metlife, inc.'s debt instruments and committed facilities, as well as its unsecured revolving credit facility, contain various administrative, reporting, legal and financial covenants. metlife, inc. believes it was in compliance with all applicable financial covenants at december 31, 2020.
dispositions for information regarding the pending disposition of metlife p&c, see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
liquidity and capital uses the primary uses of liquidity of metlife, inc. include debt service, cash dividends on common and preferred stock, capital contributions to subsidiaries, common stock, preferred stock and debt repurchases, payment of general operating expenses and acquisitions. based on our analysis and comparison of our current and future cash inflows from the dividends we receive from subsidiaries that are permitted to be paid without prior insurance regulatory approval, our investment portfolio and other cash flows and anticipated access to the capital markets, we believe there will be sufficient liquidity and capital to enable metlife, inc. to make payments on debt, pay cash dividends on its common and preferred stock, contribute capital to its subsidiaries, repurchase its common stock and certain of its other securities, pay all general operating expenses and meet its cash needs under current market conditions and reasonably possible stress scenarios.
in addition to the description of liquidity and capital uses in "- the company - liquidity and capital uses" and "- the company - contractual obligations," metlife, inc.'s primary uses of liquidity and capital are set forth below.
affiliated capital and debt transactions for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, excluding acquisitions, metlife, inc. invested a net amount of $425 million and $89 million, respectively, in various subsidiaries.
metlife, inc. lends funds, as necessary, through credit agreements or otherwise to its subsidiaries and affiliates, some of which are regulated, to meet their capital requirements or to provide liquidity. metlife, inc. had loans to subsidiaries outstanding of $0 and $100 million at december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. in june 2020, the $100 million loan was repaid at maturity.
debt repayments for information on metlife, inc.'s debt repayments, see "- the company - liquidity and capital uses - debt repayments." metlife, inc. intends to repay or refinance, in whole or in part, all the debt that is due in 2021.
maturities of senior notes the following table summarizes metlife, inc.'s outstanding senior notes by year of maturity, excluding any premium or discount and unamortized issuance costs, at december 31, 2020:
year of maturity            principal                    interest rate
support agreements metlife, inc. is party to various capital support commitments and guarantees with certain of its subsidiaries. see note 5 of the notes to the metlife, inc. (parent company only) condensed financial information included in schedule ii of the financial statement schedules.
acquisitions see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding the acquisition of versant health.
non-gaap and other financial disclosures in this report, the company presents certain measures of its performance on a consolidated and segment basis that are not calculated in accordance with gaap. we believe that these non-gaap financial measures enhance the understanding for the company and our investors of our performance by highlighting the results of operations and the underlying profitability drivers of our business. segment-specific financial measures are calculated using only the portion of consolidated results attributable to that specific segment.
the following non-gaap financial measures should not be viewed as substitutes for the most directly comparable financial measures calculated in accordance with gaap:
(iv)                 free cash flow of all holding companies            (iv)                    metlife, inc. (parent company only) net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
reconciliations of these non-gaap financial measures to the most directly comparable historical gaap financial measures are included in "- results of operations" and "- investments." reconciliations of these non-gaap measures to the most directly comparable gaap measures are not accessible on a forward-looking basis because we believe it is not possible without unreasonable effort to provide other than a range of net investment gains and losses and net derivative gains and losses, which can fluctuate significantly within or outside the range and from period to period and may have a material impact on net income.
our definitions of non-gaap and other financial measures discussed in this report may differ from those used by other companies.
these measures are used by management to evaluate performance and allocate resources. consistent with gaap guidance for segment reporting, adjusted earnings and components of, or other financial measures based on, adjusted earnings are also our gaap measures of segment performance. adjusted earnings and other financial measures based on adjusted earnings are also the measures by which senior management's and many other employees' performance is evaluated for the purposes of determining their compensation under applicable compensation plans. adjusted earnings and other financial measures based on adjusted earnings allow analysis of our performance relative to our business plan and facilitate comparisons to industry results.
in addition, adjusted earnings available to common shareholders excludes the impact of preferred stock redemption premium, which is reported as a reduction to net income (loss) available to metlife, inc.'s common shareholders.
return on equity, allocated equity and related measures:
total metlife, inc.'s common stockholders' equity, excluding aoci other than fcta, is defined as total metlife, inc.'s common stockholders' equity, excluding the net unrealized investment gains (losses) and defined benefit plans adjustment components of aoci, net of income tax.
adjusted return on metlife, inc.'s common stockholders' equity is defined as adjusted earnings available to common shareholders divided by metlife, inc.'s average common stockholders' equity.
adjusted return on metlife, inc.'s common stockholders' equity, excluding aoci other than fcta, is defined as adjusted earnings available to common shareholders divided by metlife, inc.'s average common stockholders' equity, excluding aoci other than fcta.
allocated equity is the portion of metlife, inc.'s common stockholders' equity that management allocates to each of its segments and sub-segments based on local capital requirements and economic capital. see "- economic capital." allocated equity excludes the impact of aoci other than fcta.
the above measures represent a level of equity consistent with the view that, in the ordinary course of business, we do not plan to sell most investments for the sole purpose of realizing gains or losses. also, refer to the utilization of adjusted earnings and components of, or other financial measures based on, adjusted earnings mentioned above.
expense ratio: other expenses, net of capitalization of dac, divided by premiums, fees and other revenues.
direct expense ratio, excluding total notable items related to direct expenses and pension risk transfers: adjusted direct expenses excluding total notable items related to direct expenses, divided by adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, excluding pension risk transfers.
the following additional information is relevant to an understanding of our performance results and outlook:
we sometimes refer to sales activity for various products. these sales statistics do not correspond to revenues under gaap, but are used as relevant measures of business activity. further, sales statistics for our latin america, asia and emea segments are on a constant currency basis.
we refer to observable forward yield curves as of a particular date in connection with making our estimates for future results. the observable forward yield curves at a given time are based on implied future interest rates along a range of interest rate durations. this includes the 10-year u.s. treasury rate which we use as a benchmark rate to describe longer-term interest rates used in our estimates for future results.
asymmetrical and non-economic accounting refers to: (i) the portion of net derivative gains (losses) on embedded derivatives attributable to the inclusion of our credit spreads in the liability valuations, (ii) hedging activity that generates net derivative gains (losses) and creates fluctuations in net income because hedge accounting cannot be achieved and the item being hedged does not a have an offsetting gain or loss recognized in earnings, (iii) inflation-indexed benefit adjustments associated with contracts backed by inflation-indexed investments and amounts associated with periodic crediting rate adjustments based on the total return of a contractually referenced pool of assets and other pass through adjustments, and (iv) impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on the re-measurement of foreign denominated unhedged funding agreements and financing transactions to the u.s. dollar and the re-measurement of certain liabilities from non-functional currencies to functional currencies. we believe that excluding the impact of asymmetrical and non-economic accounting from total gaap results enhances investor understanding of our performance by disclosing how these accounting practices affect reported gaap results.
notable items represent a positive (negative) impact to adjusted earnings available to common shareholders. notable items reflect the unexpected impact of events that affect metlife's results, but that were unknown and that metlife could not anticipate when it devised its business plan. notable items also include certain items regardless of the extent anticipated in the business plan, to help investors have a better understanding of metlife's results and to evaluate and forecast those results.
the company uses a measure of free cash flow to facilitate an understanding of its ability to generate cash for reinvestment into its businesses or use in non-mandatory capital actions. the company defines free cash flow as the sum of cash available at metlife's holding companies from dividends from operating subsidiaries, expenses and other net flows of the holding companies (including capital contributions to subsidiaries), and net contributions from debt to be at or below target leverage ratios. this measure of free cash flow is prior to capital actions, such as common stock dividends and repurchases, debt reduction and mergers and acquisitions. free cash flow should not be viewed as a substitute for net cash provided by (used in) operating activities calculated in accordance with gaap. the free cash flow ratio is typically expressed as a percentage of annual adjusted earnings available to common shareholders. a reconciliation of net cash provided by operating activities of metlife, inc. (parent company only) to free cash flow of all holding companies for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019 is provided below.
reconciliation of net cash provided by operating activities of metlife, inc. to free cash flow of all holding companies                                                 years ended december 31,
metlife, inc. (parent company only) net cash provided by operating activities                                                                   $3,479                              $4,177
adjustments from net cash provided by operating activities to free cash flow:
add: capital contributions to subsidiaries                                                                                                       (422)                                (75)
add: returns of capital from subsidiaries                                                                                                           16                                  10
add: dividends and returns of capital from subsidiaries                                                                                          1,301                               2,199
add: capital contributions to subsidiaries                                                                                                        (55)                                (67)
add: dividends and returns of capital to metlife, inc.                                                                                         (1,200)                             (1,100)
ratio of net cash provided by operating activities to consolidated net income (loss) available to metlife, inc.'s common shareholders:
metlife, inc. (parent company only) net cash provided by operating activities                                                                   $3,479                              $4,177
shareholders ratio of net cash provided by operating activities (parent company only) to                                                                         67     %                            73     %
(2)i) consolidated adjusted earnings available to common shareholders for the year ended december 31, 2020 was negatively impacted by a notable item related to actuarial assumption review and other insurance adjustments of $203 million, net of income tax. excluding this notable item from the denominator of the ratio, the adjusted free cash flow ratio for 2020 would be 69%.
ii) consolidated adjusted earnings available to common shareholders for the year ended december 31, 2019 was positively impacted by notable items, primarily related to tax related adjustments, of $539 million, net of income tax, partially offset by expense initiative costs of $332 million, net of income tax. excluding such notable items from the denominator of the ratio, the adjusted free cash flow ratio for the year ended december 31, 2019 would be 87%.