item 1a. risk factors provided below is a cautionary discussion of what we believe to be the most important risk factors applicable to the company. discussion of these factors is incorporated by reference into and considered an integral part of part i, item 2, "management's discussion and analysis of financial conditions and results of operations."
* the company's results are impacted by the effects of, and changes in, worldwide economic, political, regulatory, international trade and other external conditions.
the company operates in more than 70 countries and derives approximately 60 percent of its revenues from outside the united states, and, accordingly, the company's business is subject to global competition and geopolitical risks that are beyond its control, such as disruptions in financial markets, economic downturns, government actions impacting international trade agreements, imposing trade restrictions such as tariffs, and retaliatory counter measures, government deficit reduction and other austerity measures in specific countries or regions, or in the various industries in which the company operates; social, political or labor conditions in specific countries or regions; or adverse changes in the availability and cost of capital, interest rates, or exchange control, ability to expatriate earnings and other regulations in the jurisdictions in which the company operates. climate change, as well as related environmental and social regulations, may negatively impact the company or its customers and suppliers, in terms of availability and cost of natural resources, sources and supply of energy, product demand and manufacturing, and the health and well-being of individuals and communities in which we operate.
* the company is subject to risks related to public health crises such as the global pandemic associated with the coronavirus (covid-19).
3m, as a global company, is impacted by public health crises such as the global pandemic associated with covid-19. the outbreak has significantly increased economic and demand uncertainty. in addition, public and private sector policies and initiatives to reduce the transmission of covid-19, such as the imposition of travel restrictions and the adoption of remote working, have impacted 3m's operations. in these challenging and dynamic circumstances, 3m continues to work to protect its employees and the public, maintain business continuity and sustain its operations, including ensuring the safety and protection of approximately 50,000 people who work in our plants and distribution centers across the world, many of whom support the manufacturing and delivery of products that are critical in response to the global pandemic. covid-19 has impacted 3m's supply chains relative to global demand for products like respirators, surgical masks and commercial cleaning solutions. even with 3m's accelerated production at its global facilities combined with capacity from other manufacturers, the industry-wide challenge is that global demand for n95 and other respirators continues to exceed the industries' ability to deliver. within individual regions and countries around the world, 3m is working with governments, distributors and others to prioritize supplies to the most critical customer and public health needs. 3m's manufacturing, supply chain and distribution protocols have, for example, been impacted by the need to prioritize rated orders issued by the federal emergency management agency pursuant to the u.s. defense production act. in addition, trade barriers, export restrictions and other similar measures imposed by national governments also negatively impact the supplies of personal protection equipment including those made by 3m going into the most needed areas. covid-19 has also affected the ability of suppliers and vendors to provide products and services to 3m. some of these covid-related factors have increased demand for certain 3m products, while others have decreased demand from certain end markets or could make it more difficult for 3m to serve customers. 3m has received reports of price gouging, counterfeiting and other illegal or fraudulent activities involving its n95 respirators, has taken legal action in several states and continues to work with state, federal and international law enforcement to protect the public and 3m against those who seek to exploit 3m's brand and reputation and defraud others. furthermore, covid-19 has impacted and may further impact the broader economies of affected countries, including negatively impacting economic growth, the proper functioning of financial and capital markets, foreign currency exchange rates, and interest rates. for example, covid-19 has led to disruption and volatility in the global capital markets, which increases the cost of capital and could adversely impact access to capital. as economies start to reopen in certain parts of the world, workplace safety, for the company and others, will increasingly become a focus of concern. as part of the return to work process at the company, the company could face additional privacy and data security risks related to the collection of data regarding employees and contractors with respect to covid-19 testing, temperature checks, and contact tracing. due to the speed and scope with which the covid situation is developing and evolving and the uncertainty of its duration and the timing of recovery, 3m is not able at this time to predict the extent to which the covid-19 pandemic may have a material effect on its consolidated results of operations or financial condition.
* foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations in those rates may affect the company's ability to realize projected growth rates in its sales and earnings.
because the company's financial statements are denominated in u.s. dollars and approximately 60 percent of the company's revenues are derived from outside the united states, the company's results of operations and its ability to realize projected growth rates in sales and earnings could be adversely affected if the u.s. dollar strengthens significantly against foreign currencies.
* the company faces liabilities related to certain fluorochemicals, which could adversely impact our results.
as previously reported, the company has been voluntarily cooperating with various local, state, federal (primarily the u.s. environmental protection agency (epa)), and international agencies in their review of the environmental and health effects of a broad group of perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances produced by the company, collectively known as "pfas." the pfas group contains several categories and classes of durable chemicals and materials with properties that include oil, water, temperature, chemical and fire resistance, as well as electrical insulating properties. the strength of the carbon-fluorine bond also means that these compounds do not easily degrade. these characteristics have made pfas critical to the manufacture of electronic devices such as cell phones, tablets and semi-conductors. they are also used to help prevent infections in products like surgical gowns and drapes. commercial aircraft and low-emissions vehicles also rely on pfas technology. pfas compounds are manufactured by various companies, including 3m, and are used in everyday products. as science and technology evolve and advance, and in response to evolving knowledge and the understanding that pfas compounds had the potential to build up over time, 3m announced in 2000 that we would voluntarily phase out production of perfluorooctanoate (pfoa) and perfluorooctane sulfonate (pfos) globally as a precautionary measure. we phased out of materials used to produce certain repellants and surfactant products, with most of these activities in the u.s. completed by the end of 2002. phased out products included aqueous film forming foam (afff) and coatings for food packaging, for example. 3m currently is defending lawsuits concerning various pfas-related products and chemistries, and is subject to unasserted and asserted claims and governmental regulatory proceedings and inquiries related to the production and use of pfas in a variety of jurisdictions, as discussed in note 16, "commitments and contingencies," within the notes to consolidated financial statements. an adverse outcome in any one or more of these matters could be material to our financial results. for example, we recorded a pre-tax charge of $897 million, inclusive of legal fees and other related obligations, in the first quarter of 2018 with respect to the settlement of a matter brought by the state of minnesota involving the presence of pfas in the groundwater, surface water, fish or other aquatic life, and sediments in the state. governmental inquiries or lawsuits involving pfas could lead to our incurring liability for damages or other costs, civil or criminal proceedings, the imposition of fines and penalties, or other remedies, as well as restrictions on or added costs for our business operations going forward, including in the form of restrictions on discharges at our manufacturing facilities or otherwise.
* the company's future results may be affected by various asserted and unasserted legal and regulatory proceedings and legal compliance risks, including those involving product liability, antitrust, intellectual property, environmental, tax, the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and other anti-bribery laws, u.s. trade sanctions compliance, regulations of the u.s. food and drug administration (fda) and similar foreign agencies, u.s. federal healthcare program-related laws and regulations including the false claims act, anti-kickback laws, the sunshine act, or other matters. legal compliance risks also include third-party risks where the company's suppliers, vendors or channel partners have business practices that are inconsistent with 3m's supplier responsibility code, 3m performance requirements or with legal requirements.
the outcome of these legal proceedings may differ from the company's expectations because the outcomes of litigation, including regulatory matters, are often difficult to reliably predict. although the company maintains general liability insurance, the amount of liability that may result from certain of these risks may not always be covered by, or could exceed, the applicable insurance coverage. various factors or developments can lead the company to change current estimates of liabilities and related insurance receivables where applicable, or make such estimates for matters previously not susceptible of reasonable estimates, such as a significant judicial ruling or judgment, a significant settlement, significant regulatory developments or changes in applicable law. a future adverse ruling, settlement or unfavorable development could result in future charges that could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations or cash flows in any particular period. in addition, negative publicity related to product liability, environmental, health and safety or other matters referenced above involving the company may negatively impact the company's reputation. for a more detailed discussion of the legal proceedings involving the company and the associated accounting estimates, see the discussion in note 16, "commitments and contingencies," within the notes to consolidated financial statements.
* the company's results are affected by competitive conditions and customer preferences.
demand for the company's products, which impacts revenue and profit margins, is affected by (i) the development and timing of the introduction of competitive products; (ii) the company's response to downward pricing to stay competitive; (iii) changes in customer order patterns, such as changes in the levels of inventory maintained by customers and the timing of customer purchases which may be affected by announced price changes, changes in the company's incentive programs, or the customer's ability to achieve incentive goals; (iv) changes in customers' preferences for our products, including the success of products offered by our competitors, and changes in customer designs for their products that can affect the demand for some of the company's products; and (v) changes in the
* the company's growth objectives are largely dependent on the timing and market acceptance of its new product offerings, including its ability to continually renew its pipeline of new products and to bring those products to market.
this ability is subject to difficulties or delays in product development, such as the inability to identify viable new products, obtain adequate intellectual property protection, or gain market acceptance of new products. there are no guarantees that new products will prove to be commercially successful.
* the company's future results are subject to vulnerability with respect to materials and fluctuations in the costs and availability of purchased components, compounds, raw materials and energy, due to shortages, increased demand, supply interruptions, manufacturing site disruptions, natural disasters and other disruptive factors.
the company depends on various components, compounds, raw materials, and energy (including oil and natural gas and their derivatives) supplied by others for the manufacturing of its products. supplier relationships have been and could be interrupted in the future due to supplier material shortage, climate impacts, natural and other disasters and other disruptive events, or be terminated. any sustained interruption in the company's receipt of adequate supplies or disruption to key manufacturing sites' operations could have a material adverse effect on the company. in addition, while the company has a process to minimize volatility in component and material pricing, no assurance can be given that the company will be able to successfully manage price fluctuations or that future price fluctuations or shortages will not have a material adverse effect on the company.
* the company employs information technology systems to support its business, including ongoing phased implementation of an enterprise resource planning (erp) system as part of business transformation on a worldwide basis over the next several years. security breaches and other disruptions to the company's information technology infrastructure could interfere with the company's operations, compromise information belonging to the company or its customers, suppliers, and employees, exposing the company to liability which could adversely impact the company's business and reputation.
in the ordinary course of business, the company relies on centralized and local information technology networks and systems, some of which are provided, hosted or managed by vendors and other third parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of businesses. additionally, the company collects and stores certain data, including proprietary business information, and has access to confidential or personal information in certain of our businesses that is subject to privacy and security laws, regulations and customer-imposed controls. despite our cybersecurity and business continuity measures (including employee and third-party training, monitoring of networks and systems, patching, maintenance, and backup of systems and data), the company's information technology networks and infrastructure are still potentially vulnerable to the security risks of our vendors and third-party service providers, security breaches, damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to attacks by threat actors including nation-state actors, computer viruses, hardware, software, and system vulnerabilities, ransomware, service or cloud provider disruptions or security breaches, employee error or malfeasance, power outages, telecommunication or utility failures, systems failures, natural disasters or other catastrophic events. the company's increased adoption of remote working, which was driven by the pandemic, may also introduce additional threats to our information technology networks and infrastructure. despite our cybersecurity measures, it is possible for security vulnerabilities to remain undetected for an extended time period, up to and including several years. while we have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, threats and disruptions to the company's information technology infrastructure, none of them to date has had a material impact to the company. any such threats or disruptions could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability or penalties under privacy laws, interference with the company's operations, and damage to the company's reputation, which could adversely affect the company's business. although the company maintains insurance coverage for various cybersecurity and business continuity risks, there can be no guarantee that all costs or losses incurred will be fully insured.
* acquisitions, strategic alliances, divestitures, and other unusual events resulting from portfolio management actions and other evolving business strategies, and possible organizational restructuring could affect future results.
the company monitors its business portfolio and organizational structure and has made and may continue to make acquisitions, strategic alliances, divestitures and changes to its organizational structure. with respect to acquisitions, including, for example, the recently completed acquisition of acelity, inc. and its kci subsidiaries (a leading global medical technology company), future results will be affected by the company's ability to integrate acquired businesses quickly and obtain the anticipated synergies. the company
realigned from five to four business segments, effective in april of 2019, to better serve its global customers and markets. successful execution of the realignment and the associated adjustments of our portfolio and business operating model, as well as other organizational changes, will be important to the company's future results.
* the company's future results may be affected by its operational execution, including scenarios where the company generates fewer productivity improvements than estimated.
the company's financial results depend on the successful execution of its business operating plans. the company utilizes various tools, such as lean six sigma, and engages in ongoing global business transformation. business transformation is defined as changes in processes and internal/external service delivery across 3m to move to more efficient business models to improve operational efficiency and productivity, while allowing 3m to serve customers with greater speed and efficiency. this is enabled by the ongoing multi-year phased implementation of an erp system. there can be no assurance that all of the projected productivity improvements will be realized. in addition, the ability to adapt to business model and other changes and agility to respond to customer needs and service expectations are important, which, if not done successfully, could negatively impact the company's ability to win new business and enhance revenue and 3m's brand. operational challenges, including those related to customer service, pace of change and productivity improvements, could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial conditions and results of operations.
risks related to financial and capital markets and tax matters
* the company's defined benefit pension and postretirement plans are subject to financial market risks that could adversely impact our results.
the performance of financial markets and discount rates impact the company's funding obligations under its defined benefit plans. significant changes in market interest rates, decreases in the fair value of plan assets and investment losses on plan assets, and legislative or regulatory changes relating to defined benefit plan funding may increase the company's funding obligations and adversely impact its results of operations and cash flows.
* change in the company's credit ratings could increase cost of funding.
the company's credit ratings are important to 3m's cost of capital. the major rating agencies routinely evaluate the company's credit profile and assign debt ratings to 3m. this evaluation is based on a number of factors, which include financial strength, business and financial risk, as well as transparency with rating agencies and timeliness of financial reporting. 3m currently has an a1 credit rating with a negative outlook from moody's investors service and an a+ credit rating with a negative outlook from standard & poor's. the company's credit ratings have served to lower 3m's borrowing costs and facilitate access to a variety of lenders. the addition of further leverage to the company's capital structure could impact 3m's credit ratings in the future. failure to maintain strong investment grade ratings would adversely affect the company's cost of funding and could adversely affect liquidity and access to capital markets.
the company's business is subject to tax-related external conditions, such as tax rates, tax laws and regulations, changing political environments in the u.s. and foreign jurisdictions that impact tax examination, assessment and enforcement approaches. in addition, changes in tax laws including further regulatory developments arising from u.s. tax reform legislation and/or regulations around the world could result in a tax expense or benefit recorded to the company's consolidated statement of earnings. in connection with the base erosion and profit shifting (beps) integrated framework provided by organization for economic cooperation and development (oecd), determination of multi-jurisdictional taxation rights and the rate of tax applicable to certain types of income may be subject to potential change. due to uncertainty of the regulation changes and other tax-related factors stated above, it is currently not possible to assess the ultimate impact of these actions on our financial statements.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a) is designed to provide a reader of 3m's financial statements with a narrative from the perspective of management. 3m's md&a is presented in eight sections:
●   critical accounting estimates
●   financial condition and liquidity
forward-looking statements in item 7 may involve risks and uncertainties that could cause results to differ materially from those projected (refer to the section entitled "cautionary note concerning factors that may affect future results" in item 1 and the risk factors provided in item 1a for discussion of these risks and uncertainties).
additional information about results for year end 2018 and certain year-on-year comparisons between 2019 and 2018 can be found in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" sections in the company's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019.
3m is a diversified global manufacturer, technology innovator and marketer of a wide variety of products and services. as more fully described in both the performance by business segment section in md&a and in note 19, effective in the first quarter of 2020, the company changed its business segment reporting in its continuing effort to improve the alignment of businesses around markets and customers. additionally, the company consolidated the way it presents geographic area net sales by providing an aggregate americas geographic region (combining former united states and latin america and canada areas). also, effective in the second quarter of 2020, the measure of segment operating performance used by 3m's chief operating decision maker changed and, as a result, the company's disclosed measure of segment profit/loss has been updated. business segment information presented herein reflects the impact of these changes for all periods presented.
3m manages its operations in four operating business segments: safety and industrial; transportation and electronics; health care; and consumer. from a geographic perspective, any references to emea refer to europe, middle east and africa on a combined basis.
3m is impacted by the global pandemic and related effects associated with the coronavirus (covid-19). the company updated its risk factors with respect to covid-19, which can be found in item 1a "risk factors" in this document.
public and private sector policies and initiatives to reduce the transmission of covid-19, such as the imposition of travel restrictions and the adoption of remote working, have impacted 3m's operations. 3m continues to work to protect its employees and the public, maintain business continuity and sustain its operations, including ensuring the safety and protection of people who work in its plants and distribution centers across the world, many of whom support the manufacturing and delivery of products that are critical in response to the global pandemic. covid-19 has impacted 3m's supply chains relative to global demand for products like respirators, surgical masks and commercial cleaning solutions. as this situation continues, 3m also closely monitors and responds to potential impacts to the company's broader supply chain associated with other products. covid-19 has also affected the ability of suppliers and vendors to provide products and services to 3m. furthermore, covid-19 has impacted the broader economies of affected countries, including negatively impacting economic growth.the company has taken steps to help employees lead safe and productive lives during the outbreak including remote working; escalated procedures in factories related to personal safety, cleaning and medical screening measures; and pandemic leave policies. 3m closely monitors how the spread of covid-19 is affecting employees and business operations and has preparedness plans to help protect the safety of employees around the world while safely continuing business. while nearly all of our manufacturing locations and distribution centers are fully or partially operational, the company
implemented plant and/or line shutdowns during 2020 related to certain markets due to weaker customer demand or government mandates. some of the above factors have increased the demand for 3m products, while others have decreased demand or made it more difficult for 3m to serve customers. serving 3m customers is a priority and teams continue to communicate with individual customers about potential disruptions.
3m's total sales increased 0.1% for the full year 2020 when compared to 2019. organic local-currency sales decreased 1.7% for the full year 2020 when compared to 2019. given the diversity of 3m's businesses, the impact of covid-19 varied across the company throughout 2020. 3m experienced strong sales growth in personal safety, as well as in other areas such as home improvement, general cleaning, semiconductor, data center, and biopharma filtration. covid-related respirator sales are estimated to have impacted year-on-year organic local-currency sales growth by approximately 3 percent for the year ending december 31, 2020. at the same time, weakness in several end markets, while improving, contributed in part to sales declines in a number of 3m's businesses with the biggest year-on-year total sales decreases in oral care (down 19 percent), advanced materials (down 17 percent), automotive and aerospace (down 16 percent), commercial solutions (down 14 percent), stationery and office (down 11 percent), closure and masking (down 11 percent), automotive aftermarket (down 10 percent), and businesses aligned to general industrial applications such as abrasives (down 15 percent) and industrial adhesives and tapes (down 5 percent).
3m's operating income margins increased 3.1 percentage points year-on-year for the year ending december 31, 2020. factoring out the impact on operating income of special items as described in the certain amounts adjusted for special items - (non-gaap measures) section below, operating income margins increased 0.1 points to 21.3 percent for the year ending december 31, 2020 when compared to 2019. various covid-19 implications contributed in part to these results.
overall, the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on 3m's consolidated results of operations was primarily driven by factors related to changes in demand for products and disruption in global supply chains as described above. while it is not feasible to identify or quantify all the other direct and indirect implications on 3m's results of operations, below are factors that 3m believes have also affected its 2020 results:
●   period expenses of unabsorbed manufacturing costs and increased expected credit losses on customer receivables.
●   committed financial support to various covid-relief and medical research initiatives.
●   charge of $22 million related to equity securities as discussed in the "assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis" section of note 15 that use the measurement alternative described therein in addition to an immaterial pre-tax charge related to impairment of certain indefinite lived tradenames in the first quarter of 2020. 3m continues to regularly consider if covid-19 and other related market implications could indicate it is more likely than not the carrying amount of various applicable assets may be impaired and assess whether certain investments without readily determinable fair values may have been impacted.
factors providing benefits or other impacts:
●   decreased discretionary spending in areas such as travel, professional services, and advertising/merchandising as well as cost reduction efforts, hiring freezes, and maintaining only essential contract workers. 3m continues to monitor discretionary spending and deploy cost control efforts as the situation continues.
●   government-sponsored covid-response stimulus and relief initiatives, including certain employment retention benefits under the coronavirus aid, relief and economic security (cares) act in the united states.
●   lower self-insured medical visit/instance expense during 2020.
●   instituted accelerated vacation usage policies which benefited the second quarter of 2020 year-on-year, but provided a penalty in comparison to prior year in the second half of 2020.
as previously disclosed, in light of circumstances, 3m took actions to ensure sources of cash may remain strong, including the march 2020 issuance of $1.75 billion of registered notes, suspension of share repurchases, and the decrease of its 2020 capital spending to approximately $1.5 billion. while capital spending decreased, it included additional expansion of respirator production capacity. 3m continues to have access to its commercial paper program and undrawn committed credit facility. refer to the financial condition and liquidity section below for more information on the company's liquidity position.
the company also continues to evaluate the extent to which it may avail itself of various government-sponsored covid-response stimulus, relief, and production initiatives around the world, such as under the defense production act (dpa) and cares act in the united states. during 2020 and into january 2021, 3m reached certain agreements with governments in the u.s. and other countries involving just over $250 million of asset funding to expand capacity to supply n-95 respirators.
due to the speed with which the covid-19 situation is developing and evolving and the uncertainty of its duration and the timing of recovery, 3m is not able at this time to predict the extent to which the covid-19 pandemic may have a material effect on its consolidated results of operations or financial condition.
the following table provides the increase (decrease) in diluted earnings per share for 2020 compared to the same period last year, in addition to 2019 compared to 2018. as applicable, certain items in the table reflect specific income tax rates associated therewith.
significant litigation-related charges/benefits                             1.01                   1.28
divestiture-related restructuring actions                                      -                   0.18
same period last year, excluding special items                     $8.88                  $9.91
organic growth/productivity and other                                     (0.06)                 (0.60)
non divestiture-related restructuring actions                               0.12                 (0.41)
acquisitions/divestitures                                                 (0.10)                 (0.24)
current period, excluding special items                            $8.74                  $8.88
significant litigation-related charges/benefits                             0.07                 (1.01)
divestiture-related restructuring actions                                 (0.08)                      -
the company refers to various "adjusted" amounts or measures on an "adjusted basis". these exclude special items. these non-gaap measures are further described and reconciled to the most directly comparable gaap financial measures in the certain amounts adjusted for special items - (non-gaap measures) section below.
additional discussion related to the components of the year-on-year change in earnings per diluted share follows:
organic growth/productivity and other:
●   lower organic volume growth in 2020 as a result of significant covid-19 related impacts, in addition to covid-related net factors described in the preceding overview-consideration of covid-19 section, decreased earnings per diluted share year-on-year. 3m also experienced year-over-year increased costs as a result of the regular review of its respirator mask
liabilities and certain follow-on accelerated depreciation following some of the restructuring described below. partially offsetting this net decrease in earnings per share were year-on-year net gains related to certain property sales (in 2020 within safety and industrial and in 2019 within corporate and unallocated) in addition to benefits recognized in 2020 related to the restructuring and other actions taken in 2019 (and the adjustments thereto in 2020) along with continued cost management and productivity efforts.
●   on a combined basis, higher defined benefit pension and postretirement service cost increased expense year-on-year.
●   interest expense (net of interest income) increased in 2020, as a result of higher u.s. average debt balances and lower year-on-year interest income driven by lower average interest rates on cash balances. 2020 interest expense also included an early debt extinguishment charge in conjunction with the repayment of notes in december 2020.
non divestiture-related restructuring actions:
●   3m recorded non divestiture-related restructuring pre-tax charges aggregating $195 million in 2020. these included charges in the second quarter of 2020 to address certain covid-related impacts and in the fourth quarter as 3m initiated actions to further enhance its operational and marketing capabilities. in 2019, charges included $282 million as the company committed to actions in light of slower than expected 2019 sales and associated with realigning its organizational structure and operating model. see note 5 for additional details.
●   the year-on-year impact of the non divestiture-related restructuring actions taken in 2020 and 2019 increased earnings per diluted share by 12 cents.
acquisitions/divestitures:
●   acquisition impacts, which are measured for the first twelve months post-transaction, relate to the acquisitions of m*modal (first quarter 2019), and acelity (fourth quarter 2019). these items collectively decreased earnings per diluted share by 7 year-on-year for 2020. the net impacts related to these acquisitions included income from operations, more than offset by transaction and integration costs. financing costs related to these acquisitions is also included.
●   divestiture impacts include the lost operating income from divested businesses, which decreased earnings per diluted share by 3 cents year-on-year for 2020. this was primarily related to the divestiture of the company's drug delivery business.
●   certain items above reflect specific income tax rates associated therewith. overall, the effective tax rate for 2020 was 19.6 percent, a decrease of 0.2 percentage points versus 2019. on an adjusted basis (as discussed below), the effective tax rate increased 0.1 percentage points year-on-year for 2020.
●   factors that decreased the effective tax rate for 2020 included geographical income mix and adjustments to uncertain tax positions. these decreases were partially offset by decreased benefit from stock options. refer to note 10 for additional details.
●   lower shares outstanding increased earnings per share year-on-year by 4 cents per diluted share for 2020. weighted-average diluted shares outstanding in 2020 declined 0.5 percent year-on-year, which benefited earnings per share. the decrease in the outstanding weighted-average diluted shares relates to the company's purchase of $368 million of its own stock, prior to suspension of share repurchases under its board-approved stock repurchase program in late march 2020 with other repurchase activity limited to 3m's stock compensation plans.
organic growth/productivity and other:
●   negative organic local-currency sales growth as a result of softness in certain end markets and channel inventory adjustments, along with actions taken by 3m in response to lower sales volumes and high inventory levels, which resulted in lower manufacturing and inventory absorption, reduced earnings per diluted share. partially offsetting these impacts were benefits from restructuring actions taken in the second quarter of 2019.
●   defined benefit pension and postretirement service cost expense decreased expense year-on-year, which benefited earnings per diluted share.
●   interest expense (net of interest income) increased in 2019, as a result of higher u.s. average debt balances, partially offset by the increase in interest income driven by higher balances in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities during the year resulting from the proceeds from debt issuances in advance of the october 2019 acelity acquisition.
non divestiture-related restructuring actions:
●   during the second quarter of 2019, in light of slower than expected 2019 sales, and additionally in the fourth quarter to realign 3m's organizational structure and operating model, management approved and committed to undertake certain restructuring actions. in aggregate, the company recorded a full year 2019 combined pre-tax charge of $282 million, or 41 cents per diluted share. see note 5 for additional details.
acquisitions/divestitures:
●   acquisition impacts, which are measured for the first twelve months post-transaction, relate to the acquisitions of m*modal (first quarter 2019), and acelity (fourth quarter 2019). these items collectively decreased earnings per diluted share by 19 cents year-on-year for 2019. the net impacts related to these acquisitions included income from operations, more than offset by transaction and integration costs. interest expense related to financing costs of these acquisitions is also included. expenses related to the october 2019 acquisition of acelity also include financing costs and the tax effect of repatriating funds in advance of the close of the acquisition.
●   divestiture impacts collectively decreased earnings per diluted share by 5 cents year-on-year for 2019. they include remaining stranded costs and lost operating income related to the 2018 divestiture of the communication markets division, which decreased earnings per diluted share by 4 cents year-on-year, and lost operating income from other divested businesses (primarily the company's gas and flame detection business), which decreased earnings per diluted share by 1 cent year-on-year.
●   certain items above reflect specific income tax rates associated therewith. overall, the effective tax rate for 2019 was 19.8 percent, a decrease of 3.6 percentage points versus 2018. on an adjusted basis (as discussed below), the effective tax rate increased 0.2 percentage points year-on-year for 2019.
●   factors that decreased the effective tax rate on a gaap basis for 2019 included prior year measurement period adjustments related to 2017 tax cuts and jobs act (tcja), prior year resolution of the nrd lawsuit (as described in note 16) and geographical income mix. these decreases were partially offset by the deconsolidation of the venezuelan subsidiary, adjustments to uncertain tax positions, and significant litigation-related charges. refer to note 10 for additional details.
●   lower shares outstanding increased earnings per share year-on-year by 22 cents per diluted share for 2019. weighted-average diluted shares outstanding in 2019 declined 2.8 percent year-on-year which benefited earnings per share. the decrease in the outstanding weighted-average diluted shares relates to the company's purchase of $1.4 billion of its own stock in 2019.
certain amounts adjusted for special items - (non-gaap measures):
in addition to reporting financial results in accordance with u.s. gaap, the company also provides non-gaap measures that adjust for the impacts of special items. for the periods presented, special items include the items described below. beginning in 2020, the company includes gain/loss on sale of businesses and divestiture-related restructuring actions as special items due to their potential distortion of underlying operating results. information provided herein reflects the impact of this change for all periods presented. operating income (measure of segment operating performance), income before taxes, net income, earnings per share, and the effective tax rate are all measures for which 3m provides the reported gaap measure and a measure adjusted for special items. the adjusted measures are not in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for, gaap measures. the company considers these non-gaap measures in evaluating and managing the company's operations. the company believes that discussion of results adjusted for these items is meaningful to investors as it provides a useful analysis of ongoing underlying operating trends. the determination of these items may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. special items include:
significant litigation-related charges/benefits:
●   in 2020, 3m recorded a net pre-tax charge of $17 million ($13 million after tax) related to pfas (certain perfluorinated compounds) matters. the charge was more than offset by a reduction in tax expense of $52 million related to resolution of tax treatment with authorities regarding the previously disclosed 2018 agreement reached with the state of minnesota that resolved the natural resources damages lawsuit. these items, in aggregate, resulted in a $39 million after tax benefit.
●   in 2019, the company recorded significant litigation-related charges of $762 million ($590 million after tax) related to pfas matters and coal mine dust respirator mask lawsuits of which $214 million ($166 million after tax) occurred in the fourth quarter. the aggregate 2019 pre-tax charge was reflected in cost of sales ($328 million) and selling, general and administrative expense ($434 million). these charges are further discussed in note 16.
●   in 2018, the company recorded significant litigation-related charges of $897 million ($770 million after tax) for pfas matters related to the previously disclosed agreement reached with the state of minnesota that resolved the natural resource damages lawsuit. essentially all of the aggregate 2018 pre-tax charge was reflected in selling, general and administrative expense.
●   in the first quarter of 2020, 3m recorded a pre-tax gain of $2 million ($1 million loss after tax) related to the sale of its advanced ballistic-protection business and recognition of certain contingent consideration. in the second quarter of 2020, 3m recorded a pre-tax gain of $387 million ($304 million after tax) related to the sale of its drug delivery business. refer to note 3 for further details.
●   in the first quarter of 2019, 3m recorded a gain related to the sale of certain oral care technology comprising a business in addition to reflecting an earnout on a previous divestiture, which together resulted in a net gain of $8 million ($7 million after tax). in the second quarter of 2019, as a result of a "held for sale" tax benefit related to the legal entities associated with the pending divestiture of the company's gas and flame detection business, 3m recorded an after-tax gain of $43 million. in the third quarter of 2019, 3m recorded a gain related to the divestiture of the company's gas and flame detection business and an immaterial impact as a result of measuring a disposal group at the lower of its carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell, which in aggregate resulted in a pre-tax gain of $106 million ($79 million after tax).
●   in the first quarter of 2018, 3m recorded a gain related to the sale of certain personal safety product offerings primarily focused on noise, environmental, and heat stress monitoring, the sale of its polymer additives compounding business, and a gain on final closing adjustments from a prior divestiture which, in aggregate, resulted in a net pre-tax gain of $24 million ($19 million after tax). in the second quarter of 2018, 3m recorded a pre-tax gain of $12 million ($10 million after tax) related to the sale of its abrasive glass products business. in the fourth quarter of 2018, 3m recorded a gain of $2 million related to an earnout from a previous divestiture. additionally, in 2018, 3m completed the sale of substantially all of its communication markets division and reflected a pre-tax gain of $509 million ($410 million after tax).
divestiture-related restructuring actions:
●   in the second quarter 2020, following the divestiture of substantially all of the drug delivery business (see note 3) management approved and committed to undertake certain restructuring actions addressing corporate functional costs and manufacturing footprint across 3m in relation to the magnitude of amounts previously allocated/burdened to the divested business. as a result, 3m recorded a second quarter 2020 pre-tax charge of $55 million ($46 million after tax) and made a subsequent immaterial adjustment thereto. refer to note 5 for further details.
●   during 2018, management approved and committed to undertake certain restructuring actions as further described in note 5, related to addressing corporate functional costs following the communication markets division divestiture resulting in a 2018 pre-tax charge of $127 million ($110 million after tax), net of adjustments for reductions in cost estimates of $10 million.
●   3m recorded a net tax expense of $176 million in 2018 as a measurement period adjustment to the enactment of the 2017 tax cuts and jobs act (tcja). see note 10 for additional information.
adjustments for special items:
significant litigation-related charges/benefits                                            897                                                           897                                    127                                                                770                                  1.28
divestiture-related restructuring actions                                                  127                                                           127                                     17                                                                110                                  0.18
adjustments for special items:
significant litigation-related charges/benefits                                            762                                                           762                                    172                                                                590                                  1.01
adjustments for special items:
significant litigation-related charges/benefits                                             17                                                            17                                     56                                                               (39)                                (0.07)
divestiture-related restructuring actions                                                   55                                                            55                                      9                                                                 46                                  0.08
the following tables contain sales and operating income results by business segment for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019. refer to the section entitled "performance by business segment" later in md&a for additional discussion concerning 2020 verses 2019 results, including corporate and unallocated. refer to note 19 for additional information on business segments, including elimination of dual credit.
elimination of dual credit                     (2,090)        (6.5)             (534)             (1,661)        (5.0)               (409)        -              -
worldwide sales change               organic local-                                                                       total sales by business segment                  currency sales         acquisitions         divestitures         translation              change safety and industrial            3.5                  %     -              %     (0.6)          %           (0.7)   %             2.2   %
percent change information compares the year ended december 31, 2020 with the same period last year, unless otherwise indicated. additional discussion of business segment results is provided in the performance by business segment section.
acquisitions                               5.5                  0.7                2.8                            -            3.5
divestitures                                       (1.5)              (0.2)                  (2.9)                -                   (1.4)
additional information beyond what is included in the preceding table is as follows:
●   in the americas geographic area, u.s. total sales increased 6 percent and organic-local currency sales increased 1 percent. total sales in mexico decreased 14 percent while organic local-currency sales decreased 12 percent. in canada, total sales decreased 1 percent as organic local-currency sales decreases of 4 percent were partially offset by acquisition-related sales growth. in brazil, total sales decreased 17 percent while organic local-currency sales increased 7 percent, as organic sales growth was more than offset by foreign currency translation impacts.
foreign currency translation decreased year-on-year sales by 0.3 percent, while selling prices increased by 0.6 percent year-on-year for 2020, with price growth in emea and americas, while asia pacific decreased.
percent change information compares the full year 2019 with the full year 2018, unless otherwise indicated. additional discussion of business segment results is provided in the performance by business segment section.
acquisitions                               3.5                 0.3                1.0                            -            2.0
divestitures                                      (0.6)              (0.2)                  (1.9)                -                   (0.7)
additional information beyond what is included in the preceding table is as follows:
foreign currency translation decreased year-on-year sales by 1.7 percent, while selling prices increased by 0.6 percent year-on-year for 2019, with price growth in emea and americas, while asia pacific was flat.
the stronger u.s. dollar had a negative impact on sales in full year 2020 compared to the same period last year. net of the company's hedging strategy, foreign currency negatively impacted earnings for full year 2020 compared to the same period last year. 3m utilizes a number of tools to hedge currency risk related to earnings. 3m uses natural hedges such as pricing, productivity, hard currency and hard currency-indexed billings, and localizing source of supply. 3m also uses financial hedges to mitigate currency risk. in the case of more liquid currencies, 3m hedges a portion of its aggregate exposure, using a 12, 24 or 36 month horizon, depending on the currency in question. for less liquid currencies, financial hedging is frequently more expensive with more limitations on tenor. thus, this risk is largely managed via local operational actions using natural hedging tools as discussed above. in either case, 3m's hedging approach is
designed to mitigate a portion of foreign currency risk and reduce volatility, ultimately allowing time for 3m's businesses to respond to changes in the marketplace.
financial condition:
3m generated $8.1 billion of operating cash flow in 2020, an increase of $1.0 billion when compared to 2019. this increase was primarily due to cost saving actions taken in response to covid-19 and lower year-on-year significant litigation-related charges and the timing of associated payments. this followed an operating cash flow increase of $631 million when comparing 2019 to 2018. refer to the section entitled "financial condition and liquidity" later in md&a for a discussion of items impacting cash flows.
in november 2018, 3m's board of directors replaced the company's february 2016 repurchase program with a new repurchase program. this new program authorizes the repurchase of up to $10 billion of 3m's outstanding common stock, with no pre-established end date. in 2020, the company purchased $0.4 billion of its own stock, compared to purchases of $1.4 billion in 2019. as of december 31, 2020, approximately $7.8 billion remained available under the authorization. in the first quarter of 2020, the company suspended repurchases under its board-approved share repurchase program with other repurchase activity limited to 3m's stock compensation plans. the company plans to resume share purchases in 2021. in february 2021, 3m's board of directors declared a first-quarter 2021 dividend of $1.48 per share, an increase of 1 percent. this marked the 63rd consecutive year of dividend increases for 3m.
in 2020, the coronavirus (covid-19) pandemic caused fluctuations in supply markets. generally, as demand for certain covid-related products surged, 3m saw a corresponding tightening in supply and some degree of price inflation in associated markets. within the supply chain of less essential products, 3m experienced raw material price deflation as economies slowed and certain producers scaled back or idled operations. conversely, as markets re-opened and demand increased, the company experienced raw material price inflation with some level of stabilization late in the year.
in response, the company continued to deploy productivity projects to minimize the impact of raw material inflation and market supply challenges, including input management, reformulations, and multi-sourcing activities. overall, on a consolidated basis, 3m experienced net raw material deflation in 2020. to date, the company is receiving sufficient quantities of all raw materials to meet its reasonably foreseeable production requirements. it is difficult to predict future shortages of raw materials or the impact any such shortages would have. 3m has avoided disruption to its manufacturing operations through careful management of existing raw material inventories, strategic relationships with key suppliers, and development as well as qualification of additional supply sources. 3m manages spend category price risks through negotiated supply contracts and price protection agreements. in addition, 3m evaluates suppliers' conformance with environmental and social compliance requirements.
pension and postretirement defined benefit/contribution plans:
on a worldwide basis, 3m's pension and postretirement plans were 87 percent funded at year-end 2020. the primary u.s. qualified pension plan, which is approximately 67 percent of the worldwide pension obligation, was 91 percent funded and the international pension plans were 93 percent funded. the u.s. non-qualified pension plan is not funded due to tax considerations and other factors. asset returns in 2020 for the primary u.s. qualified pension plan were 13.6%, as 3m strategically invests in both growth assets and fixed income matching assets to manage its funded status. for the primary u.s. qualified pension plan, the expected long-term rate of return on an annualized basis for 2021 is 6.50%. the primary u.s. qualified pension plan year-end 2020 discount rate was 2.55%, down 0.70 percentage points from the year-end 2019 discount rate of 3.25%. the decrease in u.s. discount rates resulted in an increased valuation of the projected benefit obligation (pbo). the primary u.s. qualified pension plan's funded status decreased 1 percentage point in 2020 due to the higher pbo resulting from the discount rate decrease and partially offset by higher return on assets. additional detail and discussion of international plan asset returns and discount rates is provided in note 13 (pension and postretirement benefit plans).
3m expects to contribute approximately $100 million to $200 million of cash to its global defined benefit pension and postretirement plans in 2021. the company does not have a required minimum cash pension contribution obligation for its u.s. plans in 2021. 3m expects global defined benefit pension and postretirement expense in 2021 to decrease by approximately $40 million pre-tax when
compared to 2020. refer to "critical accounting estimates" within md&a and note 13 (pension and postretirement benefit plans) for additional information concerning 3m's pension and post-retirement plans.
refer to the preceding "overview" section and the "performance by business segment" section later in md&a for additional discussion of sales change.
operating income margins increased year over year for 2020. the increase from 2019 to 2020 was primarily driven by lower significant litigation-related charges and higher gains on divestitures (net of divestiture-related restructuring actions) year-on-year. these items are further described in the certain amounts adjusted for special items - (non-gaap measures) section above. a number of factors impact the various income statement line items. expanded discussion of each of the income statement line items follows in the various sections below.
in 2020 and 2019, 3m approved and committed to certain restructuring actions that impacted cost of sales, sg&a, and r&d (see note 5 for additional details). in addition to actions related to divestitures (as discussed earlier in the certain amounts adjusted for special items - (non-gaap measures) section), for 2020 these included charges to address certain covid-related impacts and actions to further enhance its operational and marketing capabilities. in 2019, charges included actions in light of slower than expected 2019 sales and associated with realigning its organizational structure and operating model.
pension and postretirement service cost expense is recorded in cost of sales, sg&a, and r&d. in total, 3m's defined benefit pension and postretirement service cost expense increased $31 million in 2020. refer to note 13 (pension and postretirement plans) for the service cost components of net periodic benefit costs.
the company is investing in an initiative called business transformation, with these investments impacting cost of sales, sg&a, and r&d. business transformation encompasses the ongoing multi-year phased implementation of an enterprise resource planning (erp) system on a worldwide basis, as well as changes in processes and internal/external service delivery across 3m.
cost of sales, measured as a percent of sales, decreased during 2020 when compared to 2019. decreases were related to lower significant litigation-related charges taken in 2020, which were partially offset by 2020 covid-related net impacts, including period expenses of unabsorbed manufacturing costs, in addition to higher restructuring action charges taken in 2020 along with certain related follow-on accelerated depreciation. in addition, selling prices increased year-on-year by 0.6 percent for full year 2020, and lower raw material costs reduced cost of sales as a percentage of sales.
sg&a in dollars decreased slightly in 2020 when compared to 2019. the decrease was driven by cost saving actions taken in response to covid-19, in addition to benefits from prior year restructuring (and adjustments thereto in 2020). additional factors that decreased sg&a in 2020 also include lower year-on-year impact related to significant litigation-related charges. in terms of sg&a as a percent of sales, partially offsetting these decreases was the overall effect of the covid-19 pandemic on sales that resulted in higher costs as a percent of sales. sg&a was also impacted by increased spending year-on-year related to acelity, which was acquired in the fourth quarter of 2019.
r&d in dollars decreased slightly in 2020 when compared to 2019 and remained relatively consistent as a percent of sales at 5.8% in 2020 compared to 5.9% in 2019. 3m continued to invest in its key initiatives, including r&d aimed at disruptive innovation programs with the potential to create entirely new markets and disrupt existing markets. incremental r&d spending in 2020 included activities related to the acelity business acquired in the fourth quarter of 2019. 3m also experienced lower year-on-year restructuring activities impacting r&d.
during the first quarter of 2020, the company recorded a pre-tax gain of $2 million ($1 million loss after tax) related to the sale of its advanced ballistic-protection business and recognition of certain contingent consideration. during the second quarter of 2020, the company recorded a pre-tax gain of $387 million ($304 after tax) related to the sale of substantially all of its drug delivery business.
during the first quarter of 2019, the company sold certain oral care technology comprising a business and reflected an earnout on a previous divestiture resulting in a pre-tax gain of $8 million ($7 million gain after tax). in the third quarter of 2019, 3m recorded a gain related to the divestiture of the company's gas and flame detection business and an immaterial impact as a result of measuring a disposal group at the lower of its carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell, which in aggregate resulted in a pre-tax gain of $106 million ($79 million after tax). refer to note 3 for additional details on divestitures.
3m uses operating income as one of its primary business segment performance measurement tools. refer to the table below for a reconciliation of operating income margins for 2020 and 2019.
significant litigation-related charges/benefits                    2.4                 2.7
divestiture-related restructuring actions                            -                 0.4
same period last year, excluding special items                    21.2   %            23.5   %
organic volume/productivity and other                            (0.1)               (1.7)
non divestiture-related restructuring actions                      0.2               (0.8)
acquisitions/divestitures                                        (0.5)               (0.6)
current period, excluding special items                           21.3   %            21.2   %
significant litigation-related charges/benefits                      -               (2.4)
divestiture-related restructuring actions                        (0.2)                   -
operating income margins increased 3.1 percentage points in 2020 when compared to 2019. factoring out the impact on operating income of special items as described in the certain amounts adjusted for special items - (non-gaap measures) section above, operating margins increased 0.1 percentage points to 21.3 percent in 2020 when compared to 2019.
additional discussion related to the components of the year-on-year change in operating income margins follows:
organic volume/productivity and other:
●   lower organic volume growth in 2020 as a result of significant covid-19 related impacts, in addition to covid-related net factors described in the preceding overview-consideration of covid-19 section, decreased operating income margins year-on-year. 3m also experienced year-over-year increased costs as a result of the regular review of its respirator mask liabilities and certain follow-on accelerated depreciation following some of the restructuring described below. partially offsetting this net decrease were year-on-year net gains related to certain property sales (in 2020 with safety and industrial and in 2019 within corporate and unallocated) in addition to benefits recognized in 2020 related to the restructuring and other actions taken in 2019 (and the adjustments thereto in 2020) along with continued cost management and productivity efforts.
●   operating income margins decreased year-on-year due to higher defined benefit pension and postretirement service cost expense.
non divestiture-related restructuring actions:
●   3m recorded non divestiture-related restructuring charges that impacted operating income aggregating $195 million in 2020. these included charges in the second quarter of 2020 to address certain covid-related impacts and in the fourth quarter as 3m initiated actions to further enhance its operational and marketing capabilities. in 2019, charges included $246 million impacting operating income (and $36 million impacting other expense (income)) as the company committed to actions in light of slower than expected 2019 sales and associated with realigning its organizational structure and operating model. see note 5 for additional details.
●   the year-on-year impact of the non divestiture-related restructuring charges taken in 2020 and 2019 increased operating income margins.
acquisitions/divestitures:
●   acquisition-related impacts relate to the ongoing integration of m*modal and acelity, which decreased operating income margins year-on-year.
●   divestiture impacts, which includes lost operating income from divested businesses, increased operating income margins year-on-year.
●   higher selling prices in addition to lower raw material cost impacts benefited operating income margins year-on-year for 2020.
significant litigation-related charges:
●   operating income margins for 2020 and 2019 included the $17 million and $762 million impact, respectively, of significant litigation-related charges (as discussed earlier in the certain amounts adjusted for special items - (non-gaap measures) section).
●   2020 and 2019 included gains of $389 million and $114 million, respectively, on sale of businesses. see the certain amounts adjusted for special items - (non-gaap measures) section for more information.
divestiture-related restructuring actions:
●   operating income margins for full year 2020 included the $55 million second quarter impact as a result of certain restructuring actions following the divestiture of substantially all of the drug delivery business addressing corporate functional costs and manufacturing footprint across 3m in relation to the magnitude of amounts previously allocated/burdened to the divested business. refer to note 5 for further details. this item was also discussed earlier in the certain amounts adjusted for special items - (non-gaap measures) section.
operating income margins decreased 2.8 percentage points for the full year 2019 when compared to full year 2018. factoring out the impact on operating income of special items as described in the certain amounts adjusted for special items - (non-gaap measures) section above, operating margins decreased 2.3 percentage points to 21.2 percent in 2019 when compared to 2018.
organic volume/productivity and other:
●   negative organic local sales volume growth as a result of softness in certain end markets and channel inventory adjustments, along with actions taken by 3m in response to lower sales volumes and high inventory levels, which resulted in lower manufacturing and inventory absorption, reduced operating margins. partially offsetting these impacts were benefits from restructuring actions taken in the second quarter of 2019.
●   operating income margins increased year-on-year due to lower defined benefit pension and postretirement service cost expense.
non divestiture-related restructuring actions:
●   during the second quarter of 2019, in light of slower than expected 2019 sales, and additionally in the fourth quarter to realign 3m's organizational structure and operating model, management approved and committed to undertake certain restructuring actions. the resulting charges included $246 million impacting operating income (and $36 million impacting other expense (income)). see note 5 for additional details.
acquisitions/divestitures:
●   acquisition-related impacts relate to the on-going integration of m*modal and acelity, which decreased operating income margins year-on-year.
●   divestiture impacts include the lost operating income from divested businesses, which increased operating income margins year-on-year and primarily relate to the divestiture of the communication markets division.
●   remaining stranded costs from the 2018 divestiture of the communication markets division also reduced operating margins year-on-year.
●   higher selling prices, partially offset by raw material cost increases, benefited operating income margins year-on-year for 2019.
significant litigation-related charges:
●   operating income margins for 2018 and 2019 included the $897 million and $762 million impact, respectively, of significant litigation-related charges (as discussed earlier in the certain amounts adjusted special items - (non-gaap measures) section.
see note 6 for a detailed breakout of this line item.
the decrease in other expense (income) during 2020 was primarily due to the 2019 impact of deconsolidation of the company's venezuelan subsidiary. refer to note 1 for additional details.
interest expense (net of interest income) increased during 2020 and 2019. the increase in 2020 was due to higher u.s. average debt balances and lower year-on-year interest income driven by lower average interest rates on cash balances. 2020 interest expense also included an early debt extinguishment charge in conjunction with the repayment of notes in december 2020. the increase in 2019 was driven by higher u.s. average debt balances, partially offset by the year-on-year increase in interest income driven by higher balances in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities during the year resulting from the proceeds from debt issuances in advance of the october 2019 acelity acquisition.
in addition, other expense (income) was impacted by lower year-on-year pension and postretirement net periodic benefit non-service benefits for 2020 and 2019, respectively. the lower year-on-year benefit in 2020 was primarily due to the increased expense from lower december 31, 2019 discount rates. the decreases in 2019 was primarily due to the charge associated with the voluntary retirement program taken in the second quarter of 2019 in addition to the pension settlement charges in the fourth quarter of 2019 related to employee retirements. refer to note 13 for additional details.
3m currently estimates its effective tax rate for 2021 will be approximately 20 to 21 percent.
the tax rate can vary from quarter to quarter due to discrete items, such as the settlement of income tax audits, changes in tax laws, and employee share-based payment accounting; as well as recurring factors, such as the geographic mix of income before taxes.
income (loss) from unconsolidated subsidiaries, net of taxes, is primarily attributable to the company's ownership interest in kindeva using the equity method of accounting following 3m's divestiture of the drug delivery business in 2020. see note 3 for further discussion.
net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest represents the elimination of the income or loss attributable to non-3m ownership interests in 3m consolidated entities. the primary noncontrolling interest relates to 3m india limited, of which 3m's effective ownership is 75 percent.
3m estimates that year-on-year currency effects, including hedging impacts, decreased pre-tax income by $81 million in 2020 and increased pre-tax income by $1 million in 2019. this estimate includes the effect of translating profits from local currencies into u.s. dollars; the impact of currency fluctuations on the transfer of goods between 3m operations in the united states and abroad; and transaction gains and losses, including derivative instruments designed to reduce foreign currency exchange rate risks. 3m estimates that year-on-year foreign currency transaction effects, including hedging impacts, decreased pre-tax income by approximately $21 million in 2020 and increased pre-tax income by approximately $201 million in 2019. these estimates include transaction gains and
losses, including derivative instruments designed to reduce foreign currency exchange rate risks. refer to note 14 in the consolidated financial statements for additional information concerning 3m's hedging activities.