item 1a.   risk factors
the information included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k should be considered and understood in the context of the following risk factors, which describe circumstances that may materially harm our future business, operating results or financial condition. the following discussion reflects our current judgment regarding the most significant risks we face. these risks can and will change in the future.
we are unable to predict the extent to which the global covid-19 pandemic may adversely impact our business operations, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
the novel coronavirus, or covid-19, pandemic and efforts to control its spread have significantly curtailed the movement of people, goods and services worldwide, including in most or all of the regions in which we sell our products and services and conduct our business operations. while we are currently considered an essential business in many of the key regions in which we operate, including in the united states (u.s.), there is no guarantee that we will continue to be classified as such. we have taken precautionary measures intended to minimize the risk of the virus to our employees, our customers, and the communities in which we operate, including office closures and working remotely for the vast majority of employees, all of which could negatively impact our business. the magnitude and duration of the disruption and resulting decline in business activity is uncertain and has limited our ability to forecast future demand for our products and services. the covid-19 pandemic has, and we expect it to continue to, adversely affect our business in a variety of ways, including by negatively impacting the demand for our products and services, and our ability to build and convert our sales pipeline (including delayed and deferred purchases); restricting our sales, marketing and distribution efforts; disrupting our supply chain and our ability to deliver product to customers; and constraining business operations,  research and development capabilities, engineering, design and manufacturing processes and other important business activities. in addition, the covid-19 pandemic has disrupted the operations of our suppliers, customers and partners for an indefinite period of time, including as a result of travel restrictions and/or business shutdowns and limited access to capital markets, all of which have and may continue to negatively impact our business and results of operations, including cash flows. accordingly, we expect the covid-19 pandemic to have a negative impact on our future sales and results of operations, the magnitude and duration of which we are unable to predict. additionally, concerns over the economic impact of covid-19 pandemic have caused extreme volatility in financial and other capital markets, which volatility has and may continue to adversely impact our stock price and could impact our ability to access capital markets. more generally, the covid-19 pandemic has adversely affected economies and financial markets globally, potentially leading to a prolonged economic downturn, which could decrease technology spending and adversely affect demand for our offerings and harm our business and results of operations for an extended period of time. to the extent that the covid-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this "risk factors" section and those incorporated by reference herein, such as those relating to our products and services, financial performance, credit rating and debt obligations.
our business may be harmed by technological trends in our market or if we are unable to keep pace with rapid industry, technological and market changes.
our industry and the markets in which we compete have historically experienced significant growth due to the increase in the demand for storage and data management solutions by consumers, enterprises and government bodies around the world, and the resultant purchases of storage and data management solutions to address this demand. however, despite continued data growth, our traditional market, the networked storage hardware market, experienced a decline in each of the last three calendar years due to a combination of customers delaying purchases in the face of technology transitions, increasing adoption of cloud environments built on commodity hardware, increased storage efficiency, and changing economic and business environments. while customers are navigating through their information technology (it) transformations, which leverage modern architectures and hybrid cloud environments, they are also reducing it budgets, looking for simpler solutions, and rethinking how they consume it. this evolution is diverting spending towards transformational projects and architectures like flash, hybrid cloud, it as a service, converged infrastructure, and software defined storage. we are unable to predict whether the impact of the covid-19 pandemic will accelerate the decline of our traditional market and increase demand for our cloud offerings. our business may be adversely impacted if we are unable to keep pace with rapid industry, technological or market changes or if our data fabric strategy is not accepted in the marketplace. as a result of these and other factors discussed in this report, our revenue may decline on a year-over-year basis, as it did in fiscal years 2016, 2017 and 2020. the future impact of these trends on both short- and long-term growth patterns is uncertain. if the general historical rate of industry growth declines, if the growth rates of the specific markets in which we compete decline, and/or if the consumption model of storage changes and our new and existing products, services and solutions do not receive customer acceptance, our business, operating results and financial condition could suffer.
if we are unable to develop, introduce and gain market acceptance for new products and services while managing the transition from older ones, or if we cannot provide the expected level of quality and support for our new products and services, our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed.
our future growth depends upon the successful development and introduction of new hardware and software products and services. due to the complexity of storage software, subsystems and appliances and the difficulty in gauging the engineering effort required to produce new products and services, such products and services are subject to significant technical and quality control risks.
if we are unable, for technological, customer reluctance or other reasons, to develop, introduce and gain market acceptance for new products and services, as and when required by the market and our customers, our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected.
new or additional product introductions, including new hardware and software offerings, such as netapp hci, cloud volumes ontap, and new all flash storage products, subject us to additional financial and operational risks, including our ability to forecast customer preferences and/or demand, our ability to successfully manage the transition from older products and solutions, our ability to forecast the impact of customers' demand for new products, services and solutions or the products being replaced, and our ability to manage production capacity to meet the demand for new products and services. in addition, as new or enhanced products and services are introduced, we must also avoid excessive levels of older product inventories and related components and ensure that new products and services can be delivered to meet customers' demands. further risks inherent in the introduction of new products, services and solutions include the uncertainty of price-performance relative to products of competitors, competitors' responses to the introductions, delays in sales caused by the desire of customers to evaluate new products for extended periods of time and our partners' investment in selling our new products and solutions. if these risks are not managed effectively, we could experience material risks to our operations, financial condition and business model.
as we enter new or emerging markets, we will likely increase demands on our service and support operations and may be exposed to additional competition. we may not be able to provide products, service and support to effectively compete for these market opportunities.
our sales and distribution structure makes forecasting revenues difficult and, if disrupted, could harm our operating results.
our business and sales models make revenues difficult to forecast. we sell to a variety of customers directly and through various channels, with a corresponding variety of sales cycles, and we recently reorganized our sales resources to improve the alignment of those resources with customer and market opportunities. the reorganization of our sales resources could result in short or long-term disruption of our sales cycles and harm our operating results. the majority of our sales are made and/or fulfilled indirectly through channel partners, including value-added resellers, systems integrators, distributors, original equipment manufacturers (oems) and strategic business partners, which now include hyperscalers. this structure significantly complicates our ability to forecast future revenue, especially within any particular fiscal quarter or year. moreover, our relationships with our indirect channel partners and strategic business partners are critical to our success. the loss of one or more of our key indirect channel partners in a given geographic area or the failure of our channel or strategic partners to promote our products could harm our operating results. qualifying and developing new indirect channel partners typically requires a significant investment of time and resources before acceptable levels of productivity are met. if we fail to maintain our relationships with our indirect channel partners and strategic partners, if their financial condition, business or customer relationships were to weaken, if they fail to comply with legal or regulatory requirements, or if we were to cease to do business with them for these or other reasons, our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed.
increasing competition and industry consolidation could harm our business and operating results.
the storage and data management markets are intensely competitive and are characterized by rapidly changing technology and fragmentation. we compete with many companies in the markets we serve, including established public companies, newer public companies with a strong flash focus, and new market entrants addressing the growing opportunity for hyper-converged systems. some offer a broad spectrum of it products and services (full-stack vendors) and others offer a more limited set of storage and data management products or services. technology trends, such as the emergence of hosted or public cloud storage, saas and flash storage are driving significant changes in storage architectures and solution requirements. cloud service providers provide customers storage for their data centers on demand, without requiring a capital expenditure, which meets rapidly evolving business needs and has changed the competitive landscape. the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic, including the increase in the number of employees working remotely, could accelerate customer adoption of cloud solutions and contribute to increased competition in the market.
competitors may develop new technologies or products in advance of us or establish new business models, more flexible contracting models or new technologies disruptive to us. by extending our flash, cloud storage and converged infrastructure offerings, we are competing in new segments with both traditional competitors and new competitors, particularly smaller emerging storage vendors. the longer-term potential and competitiveness of these emerging vendors remains to be determined. in cloud and converged infrastructure, we also compete with large well-established competitors.
for additional information regarding our competitors, see the section entitled "competition" contained in item 1 - business of part i of this form 10-k. it is possible that new competitors or alliances among competitors might emerge and rapidly acquire significant market share or buying power. an increase in industry consolidation might result in stronger competitors that are better able to compete as full-stack vendors for customers and achieve increased economies of scale in the supply chain. for example, in april 2017, hp enterprise completed their acquisition of nimble storage. in addition, current and potential competitors have established or might establish cooperative relationships among themselves or with third parties, including some of our partners or suppliers.
continuing uncertain economic and political conditions restrict our visibility and may harm our operating results, including our revenue growth and profitability.
continuing global economic uncertainty, political conditions and fiscal challenges in the u.s. and abroad have, among other things, limited our ability to forecast future demand for our products, contributed to increased periodic volatility in the computer, storage and networking industries at large, as well as the it market, and could constrain future access to capital for our suppliers, customers and partners. the impacts of these circumstances are global and pervasive, and the timing and nature of any ultimate resolution of these matters remain highly uncertain. for example, we are unable to predict the economic impact of the ongoing covid-19 pandemic on us or our employees, suppliers, customers and partners, and consequently we withdrew our guidance for the fourth quarter of our fiscal 2020 and have limited our fiscal 2021 guidance to cover only the first quarter of fiscal 2021. we are also unable to predict whether increased customer spending on our cloud offerings and virtual desktop infrastructure will continue during and after the covid-19 pandemic. consequently, we expect these concerns to challenge our business for the foreseeable future, which could cause harm to our operating results. such conditions have resulted, and may in the future again result, in failure to meet our forecasted financial expectations and to achieve historical levels of revenue growth.
transition to consumption-based business models may adversely affect our revenues and profitability in other areas of our business.
we offer customers a full range of consumption models, including the deployment of our software through our subscription and cloud-based software as a service (saas), and utility pricing and managed services offerings for our hardware and software systems. these business models continue to evolve, and we may not be able to compete effectively, generate significant revenues or maintain the profitability of our consumption-based offerings. additionally, the increasing prevalence of cloud and saas delivery models offered by us and our competitors may unfavorably impact the pricing of our on-premise hardware and software offerings and could have a dampening impact on overall demand for our on-premise hardware and software product and service offerings, which could reduce our revenues and profitability, at least in the near term. if we do not successfully execute our consumption model strategy or anticipate the needs of our customers, our revenues and profitability could decline.
as customer demand for our consumption model offerings increases, we will experience differences in the timing of revenue recognition between our traditional hardware and software license arrangements, including for the software license components of enterprise software license agreements (for which revenue is generally recognized in full at the time of delivery), relative to our consumption model offerings, (for which revenue is generally recognized ratably over the term of the arrangement). we incur certain expenses associated with the infrastructure and marketing of our consumption model offerings in advance of our ability to recognize the revenues associated with these offerings.
our operating results have fluctuated in the past and will continue to do so, sometimes materially. all of the matters discussed in this risk factors section could impact our operating results in any fiscal quarter or year. in addition to those matters, we face the following issues, which could impact our quarterly results:
•   seasonality, such as our historical seasonal decline in revenues in the first quarter of our fiscal year and seasonal increase in revenues in the second quarter of our fiscal year, with the latter due in part to the impact of the u.s. federal government's september 30 fiscal year end on the timing of its orders;
•   linearity, such as our historical intra-quarter bookings and revenue pattern in which a disproportionate percentage of each quarter's total bookings and related revenue occur in the last month of the quarter; and
•   unpredictability associated with larger scale enterprise software license agreements which generally take longer to negotiate and occur less consistently than other types of contracts, and for which revenue attributable to the software license component is typically recognized in full upon delivery.
if our operating results fall below our forecasts and the expectations of public market analysts and investors, the trading price of our common stock may decline.
if we are unable to maintain and develop relationships with strategic partners, our revenues may be harmed.
our growth strategy includes developing and maintaining strategic partnerships with major third-party software and hardware vendors to integrate our products into their products and also co-market our products with them. a number of our strategic partners are industry leaders that offer us expanded access to segments of the storage and data management markets. in particular, strategic partnerships with hyperscalers and cloud service vendors are critical to the success of our cloud-based business. however, there is intense competition for attractive strategic partners, and these relationships may not be exclusive, may not generate significant revenues and may be terminated on short notice. for instance, some of our partners are also partnering with our competitors, which may increase the availability of competing solutions and harm our ability to grow our relationships with those partners. moreover, some of our partners, particularly large, more diversified technology companies, are also competitors, thereby complicating our relationships. if we are unable to establish new partnerships or maintain existing partnerships, if our strategic partners favor their relationships with other vendors in the storage industry or if our strategic partners increasingly compete with us, we could experience lower than expected revenues, suffer delays in product development, or experience other harm to our business, operating results and financial condition.
a portion of our revenues is generated by large, recurring purchases from various customers, resellers and distributors. a loss, cancellation or delay in purchases by any of these parties has negatively affected our revenues in the past, and could negatively affect our revenues in the future.
a significant portion of our net revenues is generated through sales to a limited number of customers and distributors. we generally do not enter into binding purchase commitments with our customers, resellers and distributors for extended periods of time, and thus there is no guarantee we will continue to receive large, recurring orders from these customers, resellers or distributors. for example, our reseller agreements generally do not require minimum purchases, and our customers, resellers and distributors can stop purchasing and marketing our products at any time. in addition, unfavorable economic conditions may negatively impact the solvency of our customers, resellers and distributors or the ability of such customers, resellers and distributors to obtain credit to finance purchases of our products. if any of our key customers, resellers or distributors changes its pricing practices, reduces the size or frequency of its orders for our products, or stops purchasing our products altogether, our operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely impacted.
if we do not achieve forecasted bookings in any quarter, our financial results could be harmed.
we derive a majority of our revenues in any given quarter from orders booked in the same quarter. bookings typically follow intra-quarter seasonality patterns weighted toward the back end of the quarter. if we do not achieve the level, timing and mix of bookings consistent with our quarterly targets and historical patterns, or if we experience cancellations of significant orders, our financial results could be harmed.
our gross margins reflect a variety of factors, including competitive pricing, component and product design, and the volume and relative mix of revenues from product, software maintenance, hardware maintenance and other services offerings. increased component costs, increased pricing and discounting pressures, the relative and varying rates of increases or decreases in component costs and product prices, or changes in the mix of revenue or decreased volume from product, software maintenance, hardware maintenance and other services offerings could harm our revenues, gross margins or earnings. our gross margins are also impacted by the cost of any materials that are of poor quality and our sales and distribution activities, including, without limitation, pricing actions, rebates, sales initiatives and discount levels, and the timing of service contract renewals.
the costs of third-party components comprise a significant portion of our product costs. while we generally have been able to manage our component and product design costs, we may have difficulty managing these costs if supplies of certain components become limited or component prices increase. any such limitation could result in an increase in our product costs. an increase in component or design costs relative to our product prices could harm our gross margins and earnings.
we rely on a limited number of suppliers for critical product components.
we rely on a limited number of suppliers for drives and other components utilized in the assembly of our products, including certain single source suppliers, which has subjected us, and could in the future subject us, to price rigidity, periodic supply constraints, and the inability to produce our products with the quality and in the quantities demanded. consolidation among suppliers, particularly within the semiconductor and disk drive industries, has contributed to price rigidity and may in the future create supply constraints. when industry supply is constrained, our suppliers may allocate volumes away from us and to our competitors, all of which rely on many of the same suppliers as we do. accordingly, our operating results may be harmed.
any disruption to our supply chain could materially harm our business, operating results and financial condition.
we do not manufacture our products or their components. instead, we rely on third parties to make our products and critical components, such as disk drives, as well as for associated logistics. our lack of direct responsibility for, and control over, these elements of our business, as well as the diverse international geographic locations of our manufacturing partners and suppliers, creates significant risks for us, including, among other things:
impacts on our supply chain from adverse public health developments, including outbreaks of contagious diseases such as the ongoing covid-19 pandemic;
limited ability to control the quality, quantity and cost of our products or of their components;
the potential for binding price or purchase commitments with our suppliers at higher than market rates;
limited ability to adjust production volumes in response to our customers' demand fluctuations;
labor and political unrest at facilities we do not operate or own;
geopolitical disputes disrupting our supply chain;
business, legal compliance, litigation and financial concerns affecting our suppliers or their ability to manufacture and ship our products in the quantities, quality and manner we require; and
disruptions due to floods, earthquakes, storms and other natural disasters, particularly in countries with limited infrastructure and disaster recovery resources.
such risks have subjected us, and could in the future subject us, to supply constraints, price increases and minimum purchase requirements and our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed. the risks associated with our outsourced manufacturing model are particularly acute when we transition products to new facilities or manufacturers, introduce and increase volumes of new products or qualify new contract manufacturers or suppliers, at which times our ability to manage the relationships among us, our manufacturing partners and our component suppliers, becomes critical. new manufacturers, products, components or facilities create increased costs and risk that we will fail to deliver high quality products in the required volumes to our customers. any failure of a manufacturer or component supplier to meet our quality, quantity or delivery requirements in a cost-effective manner will harm our business, operating results and customer relationships.
due to the global nature of our business, risks inherent in our international operations could materially harm our business.
a significant portion of our operations are located, and a significant portion of our revenues are derived, outside of the u.s. in addition, most of our products are manufactured outside of the u.s., and we have research and development, sales and service centers overseas. accordingly, our business and future operating results could be adversely impacted by factors affecting our international operations including, among other things, local political or economic conditions, trade protection and export and import requirements, tariffs, local labor conditions, transportation costs, government spending patterns, acts of terrorism, international conflicts and natural disasters in areas with limited infrastructure and adverse public health developments. in particular, the ongoing covid-19 pandemic, current trade tensions between the u.s. and china, including newly imposed tariffs in 2019, and the united kingdom's withdrawal from the european union, effective on january 31, 2020, could impact our business and operating results. for products we manufacture in mexico, tensions between the u.s. and mexico related to trade and border security issues could delay our shipments to customers, or impact pricing or our business and operating results. in addition, due to the global nature of our business, we are subject to complex legal and regulatory requirements in the u.s. and the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate and sell our products, including antitrust and anti-competition laws, rules and regulations, and regulations related to data privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity. we are also subject to the potential loss of proprietary information due to piracy, misappropriation, or laws that may be less protective of our intellectual property rights than u.s. laws. such factors could have an adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition.
we face exposure to adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates as a result of our international operations. these exposures may change over time as business practices evolve, and they could have a material adverse impact on our financial results and cash flows. we utilize forward and option contracts in an attempt to reduce the adverse earnings impact from the effect of exchange rate fluctuations on certain assets and liabilities. our hedging strategies may not be successful, and currency exchange rate fluctuations could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and cash flows. in addition, our foreign currency exposure on assets, liabilities and cash flows that we do not hedge could have a material impact on our financial results in periods when the u.s. dollar significantly fluctuates in relation to foreign currencies.
moreover, in many foreign countries, particularly in those with developing economies, it is common to engage in business practices that are prohibited by our internal policies and procedures, or u.s. laws and regulations applicable to us, such as the foreign corrupt practices act. there can be no assurance that all our employees, contractors and agents, as well as those companies to which we outsource certain of our business operations, will comply with these policies, procedures, laws and/or regulations. any such violation could subject us to fines and other penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.
we often incur expenses before we receive related benefits, and expenses may be difficult to reduce quickly if demand declines.
we base our expense levels in part on future revenue expectations and a significant percentage of our expenses are fixed. it is difficult to reduce our fixed costs quickly, and if revenue levels are below our expectations, operating results could be adversely impacted. during periods of uneven growth or decline, we may incur costs before we realize the anticipated related benefits, which could also harm our operating results. we have made, and will continue to make, significant investments in engineering, sales, service and support, marketing and other functions to support and grow our business. we are likely to recognize the costs associated with these investments earlier than some of the related anticipated benefits, such as revenue growth, and the return on these investments may be lower, or may develop more slowly, than we expect, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition.
we could be subject to additional income tax liabilities.
our effective tax rate is influenced by a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control. these factors include among other things, fluctuations in our earnings and financial results in the various countries and states in which we do business, the outcome of income tax audits and changes to the tax laws in such jurisdictions. changes to any of these factors could materially impact our operating results.
we receive significant tax benefits from sales to our non-u.s. customers. these benefits are contingent upon existing tax laws and regulations in the u.s. and in the countries in which our international operations are located. future changes in domestic or international tax laws and regulations or a change in how we manage our international operations could adversely affect our ability to continue realizing these tax benefits.
many countries around the world are beginning to implement legislation and other guidance to align their international tax rules with the organisation for economic co-operation and development's base erosion and profit shifting recommendations and related action plans that aim to standardize and modernize global corporate tax policy, including changes to cross-border tax, transfer-pricing documentation rules and nexus-based tax incentive practices. as a result, many of these changes, if enacted, could increase our worldwide effective tax rate and harm our financial position and results of operations.
we are routinely subject to income tax audits in the u.s. and several foreign tax jurisdictions. if the ultimate determination of income taxes or at-source withholding taxes assessed under these audits results in amounts in excess of the tax provision we have recorded or reserved for, our operating results, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected.
our effective tax rate could also be adversely affected by different and evolving interpretations of existing law or regulations, which in turn would negatively impact our operating and financial results. additionally, our effective tax rate could also be adversely affected if there is a change in international operations, our tax structure and how our operations are managed and structured, and as a result, we could experience harm to our operating results and financial condition. the u.s. tax law changes enacted through the tax cuts and jobs act effective in december 2017 are subject to further interpretations from the u.s. federal and state governments and regulatory organizations, such as the treasury department and/or internal revenue service. changes to interpretations of the law could change the amount or accounting treatment of the expense we have recorded in relation to the transition tax. we have elected to pay the transition tax over a period of eight years. as result, our cash flows from operating activities will be adversely impacted until the additional tax provisions are paid in full.
if a data center or other third-party who relies on our products experiences a disruption in service or a loss of data, such disruption could be attributed to the quality of our products, thereby causing financial or reputational harm to our business.
our clients, including data centers, saas, cloud computing and internet infrastructure and bandwidth providers, rely on our products for their data storage needs. our clients may authorize third-party technology providers to access their data on our systems. because we do not control the transmissions between our clients, their customers, and third-party technology providers, or the processing of such data by third-party technology providers, we cannot ensure the complete integrity or security of such transmissions or processing. errors or wrongdoing by clients, their customers, or third-party technology providers resulting in actual or perceived security breaches may result in such actual or perceived breaches being attributed to us.
a failure or inability to meet our clients' expectations with respect to security and confidentiality through a disruption in the services provided by these third-party vendors, or the loss or alteration of data stored by such vendors, could result in financial or reputational harm to our business to the extent that such disruption or loss is caused by, or perceived by our customers to have been caused by, defects in our products. moreover, the risk of reputational harm may be magnified and/or distorted through the rapid dissemination of information over the internet, including through news articles, blogs, social media, and other online communication forums and services. this may affect our ability to retain clients and attract new business.
if a cybersecurity or other security breach occurs on our systems or on our end-user customer systems, or if stored data is improperly accessed, customers may reduce or cease using our solutions, our reputation may be harmed and we may incur significant liabilities.
we store and transmit personal, sensitive and proprietary data related to our products, our employees, customers, clients and partners (including third-party vendors such as data centers and providers of saas, cloud computing, and internet infrastructure and bandwidth), and their respective customers, including intellectual property, books of record and personal information. it is critical to our business strategy that our infrastructure, products and services remain secure and are perceived by customers, clients and partners to be secure. there are numerous and evolving risks to cybersecurity and privacy, including criminal hackers, state-sponsored intrusions, industrial espionage, human error and technological vulnerabilities. cybersecurity incidents or other security breaches could result in (1) unauthorized access to, or loss or unauthorized use, alteration, or disclosure of, such information; (2) litigation, indemnity obligations, government investigations and proceedings, and other possible liabilities; (3) negative publicity; and (4) disruptions to our internal and external operations. any of these could damage our reputation and public perception of the security and reliability of our products, as well as harm our business and cause us to incur significant liabilities. in addition, a cybersecurity incident or loss of personal information, or other security breach could result in other negative consequences, including remediation costs, disruption of internal operations, increased cybersecurity protection costs and lost revenues.
our clients and customers use our platforms for the transmission and storage of sensitive data. we do not review the information or content that our clients and their customers upload and store, and, therefore, we have no direct control over the substance of the information or content stored within our platforms. if our employees, or our clients, partners or their respective customers use our platforms for the transmission or storage of personal or other sensitive information and our security measures are breached as a result of third-party action, employee error, malfeasance, stolen or fraudulently obtained log-in credentials or otherwise, our reputation could be damaged, our business may be harmed and we could incur significant liabilities.
high-profile cyberattacks and security breaches have increased in recent years, with the potential for such acts heightened as a result of the number of employees working remotely due to covid-19. security industry experts and government officials have warned about the risks of hackers and cyberattacks targeting it products and businesses. because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage systems change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. as we continue to increase our client base and expand our brand, we may become more of a target for third parties seeking to compromise our security systems and we anticipate that hacking attempts and cyberattacks will increase in the future. we cannot give assurance that we will always be successful in preventing or repelling unauthorized access to our systems. we also may face delays in our ability to identify or otherwise respond to any cybersecurity incident or any other breach. additionally, we use third-party service providers to provide some services to us that involve the storage or transmission of data, such as saas, cloud computing, and internet infrastructure and bandwidth, and they face various cybersecurity threats and also may suffer cybersecurity incidents or other security breaches.
many jurisdictions have enacted or are enacting laws requiring companies to notify regulators or individuals of data security incidents involving certain types of personal data. these mandatory disclosures regarding security incidents often lead to widespread negative publicity. moreover, the risk of reputational harm may be magnified and/or distorted through the rapid dissemination of information over the internet, including through news articles, blogs, social media, and other online communication forums and services. any security incident, loss of data, or other security breach, whether actual or perceived, or whether impacting us or our third-party service providers, could harm our reputation, erode customer confidence in the effectiveness of our data security measures, negatively impact our ability to attract new customers, cause existing customers to elect not to renew their support contracts or their saas subscriptions, or subject us to third-party lawsuits, regulatory fines or other action or liability, which could materially and adversely affect our business and operating results.
there can be no assurance that the limitations of liability in our contracts would be enforceable or adequate or would otherwise protect us from any such liabilities or damages with respect to any particular claim. our existing general liability insurance coverage and coverage for errors and omissions may not continue to be available on acceptable terms or may not be available in sufficient amounts to cover one or more large claims, or our insurers may deny coverage as to any future claim. the successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceeds available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.
failure to comply with new and existing laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection, and information security could cause harm to our reputation, result in liability and adversely impact our business.
our business is subject to increasing regulation by various federal, state and international governmental agencies responsible for enacting and enforcing laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection, and information security. the rapidly evolving regulatory framework in this area is likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future.  in addition, changes in the interpretation and enforcement of existing laws and regulations could impact our business operations and those of our partners, vendors and customers. privacy advocates and industry groups also may propose new and different self-regulatory standards that may legally or contractually apply to us, and these standards may be subject to change. these factors create uncertainty and we cannot yet determine the impacts such future laws, regulations and standards, or changes to such laws, regulations, or standards, or to their interpretation or enforcement, may have on our business or the businesses of our partners, vendors and customers. in addition, changes in the interpretation of existing laws and regulations could impact our business operations and those of our partners, vendors and customers.
because the interpretation and application of many laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection and information security, along with industry standards, are uncertain, it is possible that relevant laws, regulations, or standards may be interpreted and applied in manners that are, or are alleged to be, inconsistent with our data management practices or the features of our products. any failure, or perceived failure, by us or our business partners to comply with federal, state or international laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection, and information security, commitments relating to privacy, data protection, and information security contained in our contracts, self-regulatory standards that apply to us or that third parties assert are applicable to us, or our policies or notices we post or make available could subject us to claims, investigations, sanctions, enforcement actions and other proceedings, disgorgement of profits, fines, damages, civil and criminal liability, penalties or injunctions.
additionally, as a technology provider, our customers expect that we can demonstrate compliance with laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection, and information security, and our inability or perceived inability to do so may adversely impact sales of our products and services, particularly to customers in highly-regulated industries. we have invested company resources in complying with new laws, regulations, and other obligations relating to privacy, data protection, and information security, and we may be required to make additional, significant changes in our business operations, all of which may adversely affect our revenue and our business overall. as a result of any inability or inability to comply with such laws and regulations, our reputation and brand may be harmed, we could incur significant costs, and financial and operating results could be materially adversely affected, and we could be required to modify or change our products or our business practices, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business. our business could be subject to stricter obligations, greater fines and private causes of action under the enactment of new laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection, and information security, including but not limited to, the european union general data protection regulation, which became effective on may 25, 2018, and which provides for penalties of up to 20 million euros or four percent of our annual global revenues, and the california consumer privacy act, which became effective on january 1, 2020.
our success depends upon our ability to effectively plan and manage our resources and restructure our business in response to changing market conditions and market demand for our products, and such actions may have an adverse effect on our financial and operating results.
our ability to successfully offer our products and services in a rapidly evolving market requires an effective planning, forecasting, and management process to enable us to effectively scale and adjust our business in response to fluctuating market opportunities and conditions.
in response to changes in market conditions and market demand for our products, we have in the past undertaken cost savings initiatives. for example, in may 2018, april 2019 and may 2019 we executed restructuring events designed to streamline our business, reduce our cost structure and focus our resources on key strategic opportunities. as a result, we have recognized substantial restructuring charges. in fiscal 2018, we moved to a business unit structure to enable us to develop the organization and systems to successfully execute a multi-product business. in fiscal 2020, we further reorganized our go-to-market organization to streamline operations and improve alignment with customer and market opportunities. we may in the future undertake initiatives that could include reorganizing our workforce, restructuring, disposing of, and/or otherwise discontinuing certain products, or a combination of these actions. rapid changes in the size, alignment or organization of our workforce, including our business unit structure and sales account coverage, could adversely affect our ability to develop, sell and deliver products and services as planned or impair our ability to realize our current or future business and financial objectives. any decision to take these actions may result in charges to earnings associated with, among other things, inventory or other fixed, intangible or goodwill asset reductions (including, without limitation, impairment charges), workforce and facility reductions and penalties and claims from third-party resellers or users of discontinued products. charges associated with these activities would harm our operating results. in addition to the costs associated with these activities, we may not realize any of the anticipated benefits of the underlying restructuring activities.
if our products or services are defective, or are perceived to be defective as a result of improper use or maintenance, our gross margins, operating results and customer relationships may be harmed.
our products and services are complex. we have experienced in the past, and expect to experience in the future, quality issues impacting certain products, and in the future, we could experience reliability issues with services we provide. such quality and reliability issues may be due to, for example, our own designs or processes, the designs or processes of our suppliers, and/or flaws in third-party software used in our products. these types of risks are most acute when we are introducing new products. quality or reliability issues have and could again in the future cause customers to experience outages or disruptions in service, data loss or data corruption. if we fail to remedy a product defect or flaw, we may experience a failure of a product line, temporary or permanent withdrawal from a product or market, damage to our reputation, loss of revenue, inventory costs or product reengineering expenses and higher ongoing warranty and service costs, and these occurrences could have a material impact on our gross margins, business and operating results. in addition, we exercise little control over how our customers use or maintain our products and services, and in some cases improper usage or maintenance could impair the performance of our products and services, which could lead to a perception of a quality or reliability issue. customers may experience losses that may result from or are alleged to result from defects or flaws in our products and services, which could subject us to claims for damages, including consequential damages.
if we are unable to attract and retain qualified personnel, our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed.
our continued success depends, in part, on our ability to hire and retain qualified personnel and to preserve the key aspects of our corporate culture. because our future success is dependent on our ability to continue to enhance and introduce new products, we are particularly dependent on our ability to hire and retain qualified engineers, including in emerging areas of technology such as artificial intelligence and machine learning. in addition, to increase revenues, we will be required to increase the productivity of our sales force and support infrastructure to achieve adequate customer coverage. competition for qualified employees, particularly in silicon valley, is intense. we have periodically reduced our workforce, including reductions announced in fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2020, and these actions may make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified employees. our inability to hire and retain qualified management and skilled personnel, particularly engineers, salespeople and key executive management, could be disruptive to our development efforts, sales results, business relationships and/or our ability to execute our business plan and strategy on a timely basis and could materially and adversely affect our operating results.
equity grants are a critical component of our current compensation programs. if we reduce, modify or eliminate our equity programs, we may have difficulty attracting and retaining critical employees.
in addition, because of the structure of our sales, cash and equity incentive compensation plans, we may be at increased risk of losing employees at certain times. for example, the retention value of our compensation plans decreases after the payment of periodic bonuses or the vesting of equity awards.
our acquisitions may not achieve expected benefits, and may increase our liabilities, disrupt our existing business and harm our operating results.
as part of our strategy, we seek to acquire other businesses and technologies to complement our current products, expand the breadth of our markets, or enhance our technical capabilities. for example, in both fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2018 we acquired two privately held companies. the benefits we have received, and expect to receive, from these and other acquisitions depend on our ability to successfully conduct due diligence, negotiate the terms of the acquisition and integrate the acquired business into our systems, procedures and organizational structure. any inaccuracy in our acquisition assumptions or any failure to uncover liabilities or risks associated with the acquisition, make the acquisition on favorable terms, integrate the acquired business or assets as and when expected or retain key employees of the acquired company may reduce or eliminate the expected benefits of the acquisition to us, increase our costs, disrupt our operations, result in additional liabilities, investigations and litigation, and may also harm our strategy, our business and our operating results. the failure to achieve expected acquisition benefits may also result in impairment charges for goodwill and purchased intangible assets.
reduced u.s. government demand could materially harm our business and operating results. in addition, we could be harmed by claims that we have or a channel partner has failed to comply with regulatory and contractual requirements applicable to sales to the u.s. government.
the u.s. government is an important customer for us. however, government demand is uncertain, as it is subject to political and budgetary fluctuations and constraints. events such as the u.s. federal government shutdown from december 2018 to january 2019 and continued uncertainty regarding the u.s. budget and debt levels have increased demand uncertainty for our products. in addition, like other customers, the u.s. government may evaluate competing products and delay purchasing in the face of the technology transitions taking place in the storage industry. if the u.s. government or an individual agency or multiple agencies within the u.s. government continue to reduce or shift their it spending patterns, our revenues and operating results may be harmed.
selling our products to the u.s. government, whether directly or through channel partners, also subjects us to certain regulatory and contractual requirements. failure to comply with these requirements by either us or our channel partners could subject us to investigations, fines, and other penalties, which could materially harm our operating results and financial condition. as an example, the united states department of justice (doj) and the general services administration (gsa) have in the past pursued claims against and financial settlements with it vendors, including us and several of our competitors and channel partners, under the false claims act and other statutes related to pricing and discount practices and compliance with certain provisions of gsa contracts for sales to the federal government. although the doj and gsa currently have no claims pending against us, we could face claims in the future. violations of certain regulatory and contractual requirements, including with respect to data security, could also result in us being suspended or debarred from future government contracting. any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.
initiatives intended to make our cost structure, business processes and systems more efficient may not achieve the expected benefits and could inadvertently have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.
we continuously seek to make our cost structure and business processes more efficient, including by moving our business activities from higher-cost to lower-cost locations, outsourcing certain business processes and functions, and implementing changes to our business information systems. these efforts involve a significant investment of financial and human resources and significant changes to our current operating processes. in addition, as we move operations into lower-cost jurisdictions and outsource certain business processes, we become subject to new regulatory regimes and lose control of certain aspects of our operations and, as a consequence, become more dependent upon the systems and business processes of third-parties. if we are unable to move our operations, outsource business processes and implement new business information systems in a manner that complies with local law and maintains adequate standards, controls and procedures, the quality of our products and services may suffer and we may be subject to increased litigation risk, either of which could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. additionally, we may not achieve the expected benefits of these and other transformational initiatives, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition.
there are risks associated with our outstanding and future indebtedness.
as of april 24, 2020, we had $1.2 billion aggregate principal amount of outstanding indebtedness for our senior notes that mature at specific dates in calendar years 2021, 2022 and 2024, and we had an aggregate of $523 million of commercial paper notes outstanding with maturities primarily less than three months. we may incur additional indebtedness in the future under existing credit facilities and/or enter into new financing arrangements. we may fail to pay these or additional future obligations, as and when required. specifically, if we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows from operations or to borrow sufficient funds in the future to service or refinance our debt, our business, operating results and financial condition will be harmed. any downgrades from credit rating agencies such as moody's investors service or standard & poor's rating services may adversely impact our ability to obtain additional financing or the terms of such financing and reduce the market capacity for our commercial paper. furthermore, if prevailing interest rates or other factors result in higher interest rates upon any potential future financing, then interest expense related to the refinance indebtedness would increase. significant volatility in capital markets caused by the covid-19 pandemic has recently heightened these risks.
in addition, all our debt and credit facility arrangements subject us to continued compliance with restrictive and financial covenants. if we do not comply with these covenants or otherwise default under the arrangements, we may be required to repay any outstanding amounts borrowed under these agreements. moreover, compliance with these covenants may restrict our strategic or operational flexibility in the future, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition.
we are exposed to credit risks and our investment portfolio may experience fluctuations in market value or returns.
we maintain an investment portfolio of various holdings, types, and maturities. credit ratings and pricing of our investments can be negatively affected by liquidity, credit deterioration, financial results, economic risk, political risk, sovereign risk or other factors. as a result, the value and liquidity of our investments and the returns thereon may fluctuate substantially. further, the impact of the covid-19 pandemic could exacerbate an economic slowdown and possibly cause a global recession. an economic slowdown or increased regional or global economic uncertainty may lead to failures of counterparties, including financial institutions, governments and insurers which could result in a material decline in the value of our investment portfolio and substantially reduce our investment returns.
our failure to adjust to emerging standards in the storage and data management industry may harm our business.
emerging standards in the storage and data management markets may adversely affect the unix®, windows® and world wide web server markets upon which we depend. for example, we provide our open access data retention solutions to customers within the financial services, healthcare, pharmaceutical and government market segments, industries that are subject to various evolving governmental regulations with respect to data access, reliability and permanence in the u.s. and in the other countries in which we operate. if our products do not meet and continue to comply with these evolving governmental regulations in this regard, customers in these market and geographical segments will not purchase our products, and we may not be able to expand our product offerings in these market and geographical segments at the rates which we have forecasted.
some of our products are subject to u.s. export control laws and other laws affecting the countries in which our products and services may be sold, distributed, or delivered, and any violation of these laws could have a material and adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.
due to the global nature of our business, we are subject to import and export restrictions and regulations, including the export administration regulations administered by the commerce department's bureau of industry and security (bis) and the trade and economic sanctions regulations administered by the treasury department's office of foreign assets control (ofac). the u.s., through the bis and ofac, places restrictions on the sale or export of certain products and services to certain countries and persons. violators of these export control and sanctions laws may be subject to significant penalties, which may include significant monetary fines, criminal proceedings against them and their officers and employees, a denial of export privileges, and suspension or debarment from selling products to the federal government. our products could be shipped to those targets by third parties, including potentially our channel partners, despite our precautions.
if we were ever found to have violated u.s. export control laws, we may be subject to various penalties available under the laws, any of which could have a material and adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. even if we were not found to have violated such laws, the political and media scrutiny surrounding any governmental investigation of us could cause us significant expense and reputational harm. such collateral consequences could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition.
our failure to protect our intellectual property could harm our business, operating results and financial condition.
our success depends significantly upon developing, maintaining and protecting our proprietary technology. we rely on a combination of patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions with employees, resellers, strategic partners and customers, to protect our proprietary rights. we currently have multiple u.s. and international patent applications pending and multiple u.s. and international patents issued. the pending applications may not be approved, and our existing and future patents may be challenged. if such challenges are brought, the patents may be invalidated. we may not be able to develop proprietary products or technologies that are patentable, and patents issued to us may not provide us with any competitive advantages and may be challenged by third parties. further, the patents of others may materially and adversely affect our ability to do business. in addition, a failure to obtain and defend our trademark registrations may impede our marketing and branding efforts and competitive condition. litigation may be necessary to protect our proprietary technology. any such litigation may be time-consuming and costly. despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our products or obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. in addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights to as great an extent as do the laws of the u.s. our means of protecting our proprietary rights may not be adequate or our competitors may independently develop similar technology, duplicate our products, or design around patents issued to us or other intellectual property rights of ours. in addition, while we train employees in confidentiality practices and include terms in our employee and consultant agreements to protect our intellectual property, there is persistent risk that some individuals will improperly take our intellectual property after terminating their employment or other engagements with us, which could lead to intellectual property leakage to competitors and a loss of our competitive advantages.
we compete in markets in which intellectual property infringement claims arise in the normal course of business. third parties have, from time to time, asserted intellectual property-related claims against us, including claims for alleged patent infringement brought by non-practicing entities. such claims may be made against our products and services, our customers' use of our products and services, or a combination of our products and third-party products. we also may be subject to claims and indemnification obligations from customers and resellers with respect to third-party intellectual property rights pursuant to our agreements with them. if we refuse to indemnify or defend such claims, even in situations in which the third-party's allegations are meritless, then customers and resellers may refuse to do business with us.
patent litigation is particularly common in our industry. we have been, and continue to be, in active patent litigations with non-practicing entities. while we vigorously defend our ability to compete in the marketplace, there is no guarantee that, in patent or other types of intellectual property litigation, we will prevail at trial or be able to settle at a reasonable cost.  if a judge or jury were to find that our products infringe, we could be required to pay significant monetary damages and be subject to an injunction that could cause product shipment delays, require us to redesign our products, affect our ability to supply or service our customers, and/or require us to enter into compulsory royalty or licensing agreements.
we expect that companies in the network storage and data management markets will increasingly be subject to infringement claims as the number of products and competitors in our industry segment grows and the functionality of products in different industry segments overlaps. any such claims, and any such infringement claims discussed above, could be time consuming, result in costly litigation, cause product shipment delays, require us to redesign our products, or require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements, any of which could materially and adversely affect our operating results. such royalty or licensing agreements, if required, may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all.
we rely on software from third parties, and a failure to properly manage our use of third-party software could result in increased costs or loss of revenue.
many of our products are designed to include software licensed from third parties. such third-party software includes software licensed from commercial suppliers and software licensed under public open source licenses. we have internal processes to manage our use of such third-party software. however, if we fail to adequately manage our use of third-party software, then we may be subject to copyright infringement or other third-party claims. if we are non-compliant with a license for commercial software, then we may be required to pay penalties or undergo costly audits pursuant to the license agreement. in the case of open-source software licensed under certain "copyleft" licenses, the license itself may require, or a court-imposed remedy for non-compliant use of the open source software may require, that proprietary portions of our own software be publicly disclosed or licensed. this could result in a loss of intellectual property rights, increased costs, damage to our reputation and/or a loss of revenue.
we are exposed to the credit and non-payment risk of our customers, resellers and distributors, especially during times of economic uncertainty and tight credit markets, which could result in material losses.
most of our sales to customers are on an open credit basis, with typical payment terms of 30 days. we may experience increased losses as potentially more customers are unable to pay all or a portion of their obligations to us, particularly in the current environment when access to sources of liquidity is limited as a result of the global covid-19 pandemic. beyond our open credit arrangements, some of our customers have entered into recourse and non-recourse financing leasing arrangements using third-party leasing
companies. under the terms of recourse leases, which are generally three years or less, we remain liable for the aggregate unpaid remaining lease payments to the third-party leasing companies in the event of end-user customer default. during periods of economic uncertainty, our exposure to credit risks from our customers increases. in addition, our exposure to credit risks of our customers may increase further if our customers and their customers or their lease financing sources are adversely affected by global economic conditions.
our business could be materially and adversely affected as a result of natural disasters, terrorist acts or other catastrophic events.
we depend on the ability of our personnel, inventories, equipment and products to move reasonably unimpeded around the world. any political, military, terrorism, global trade, world health or other issue that hinders this movement or restricts the import or export of materials could lead to significant business disruptions. for example, the ongoing covid-19 pandemic is impeding the mobility of our personnel, inventories, equipment and products and disrupting our business operations. furthermore, any economic failure or other material disruption caused by natural disasters, including fires, floods, hurricanes, earthquakes, and volcanoes; power loss or shortages; environmental disasters; telecommunications or business information systems failures or break-ins and similar events could also adversely affect our ability to conduct business. if such disruptions result in cancellations of customer orders or contribute to a general decrease in economic activity or corporate spending on it, or directly impact our marketing, manufacturing, financial and logistics functions, or impair our ability to meet our customer demands, our operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. our headquarters is located in northern california, an area susceptible to earthquakes and wildfires. if any significant disaster were to occur there, our ability to operate our business and our financial condition could be impaired.
changes in regulations relating to our products or their components, or the manufacture, sourcing, distribution or use thereof, may harm our business and operating results.
the laws and regulations governing the manufacturing, sourcing, distribution and use of our products have become more complex and stringent over time. for example, in addition to various environmental laws relating to carbon emissions, the use and discharge of hazardous materials and the use of certain minerals originating from identified conflict zones, many governments, including the u.s., the united kingdom and australia, have adopted regulations concerning the risk of human trafficking in supply chains which govern how workers are recruited and managed. we incur costs to comply with the requirements of such laws. further, since our supply chain is complex, we may face reputational harm if our customers or other stakeholders conclude that we are unable to verify sufficiently the origins of the minerals used in the products we sell or the actions of our suppliers with respect to workers. as the laws and regulations governing our products continue to expand and change, our costs are likely to rise, and the failure to comply with any such laws and regulations could subject us to business interruptions, litigation risks and reputational harm.
our stock price is subject to volatility.
our stock price is subject to changes in recommendations or earnings estimates by financial analysts, changes in investors' or analysts' valuation measures for our stock, changes in our capital structure, including issuance of additional debt, changes in our credit ratings, our ability to pay dividends and to continue to execute our stock repurchase program as planned and market trends unrelated to our performance.
our ability to pay quarterly dividends and to continue to execute our stock repurchase program as planned will be subject to, among other things, our financial condition and operating results, available cash and cash flows in the u.s., capital requirements, and other factors. future dividends are subject to declaration by our board of directors, and our stock repurchase program does not obligate us to acquire any specific number of shares. for example, during the first quarter of fiscal 2021 we announced the suspension of our stock repurchases to strengthen our liquidity position given the uncertainty surrounding the overall impact of the ongoing covid-19 pandemic. however, if we fail to meet any expectations related to dividends and/or stock repurchases, the market price of our stock could decline significantly, and could have a material adverse impact on investor confidence. additionally, price volatility of our stock over a given period may cause the average price at which we repurchase our own stock to exceed the stock's market price at a given point in time.
furthermore, speculation in the press or investment community about our strategic position, financial condition, results of operations or business can cause changes in our stock price. these factors, as well as general economic and political conditions and the timing of announcements in the public market regarding new products or services, product enhancements or technological advances by our competitors or us, and any announcements by us of acquisitions, major transactions, or management changes may adversely affect our stock price.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with the financial statements and the accompanying notes set forth under item 8. - financial statements and supplementary data. the following discussion also contains trend information and other forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. the risk factors set forth in item 1a. - risk factors are hereby incorporated into the discussion by reference.
executive overview our company netapp is a leader in hybrid cloud data services. in a world of increasing complexity, we simplify. we help our customers ensure their data and applications are in the right place at the right time with the right characteristics and capabilities in order to achieve new insights and accelerate innovation. only netapp delivers everything it organizations need to build their own unique data fabrics.
netapp helps customers move from building data centers to building data fabrics. a data fabric simplifies the integration and orchestration of data services across clouds and on-premises to accelerate digital transformation. only netapp can deliver the full range of capabilities organizations need for their data fabrics: the power to discover resources, integrate disparate data services, automate operations, optimize over time, and protect and secure data everywhere.
together with our partners, we empower organizations to unleash the full potential of their data to expand customer touchpoints, foster greater innovation and optimize their operations.
we focus on delivering an exceptional customer experience to become our customers' preferred data partner. netapp's unique approach to data services enables organizations to drive data-driven innovation with the cloud, build clouds to gain speed and agility, and modernize and simplify it to accelerate critical business applications.
with netapp products and solutions, customers can:
•   adopt new cloud-based capabilities by leveraging the best cloud resources for their business and simplify the complexities of managing data across multiple, public clouds and on-premises
•   add new capabilities to their current environment by delivering new applications and services faster, and run existing workloads more efficiently with a foundation that brings the power of cloud-native data services on premises
•   run their current it application environment more efficiently by optimizing and future proofing infrastructure with high-performing, cloud-integrated technologies and converged infrastructure.
we employ a multichannel distribution strategy, selling products and services to end users and service providers through a direct sales force and through channel partners, including value-added resellers, system integrators, original equipment manufacturers (oems) and distributors.
to provide visibility into our transition from older products to our newer, higher growth products and clarity into the dynamics of our product revenue, we group our products by "strategic" and "mature" solutions. as our product portfolio evolves, market dynamics change, and management continues to assess our largest growth opportunities, we periodically change how we group certain products. beginning in fiscal 2020, strategic includes all-flash array products: a-series arrays (aff), solidfire, and ef-series, including all related add-on hardware and operating system (os) software, netapp hci, storagegrid, and optional add-on software products. mature now includes hybrid and all-disk array products: fas and e-series, including all related add-on hardware and os software, and original equipment manufacturers (oem) products. prior to this grouping change, hybrid fas products and e-series were included in strategic, while all add-on hardware and os software were included in mature. for comparability, strategic and mature revenues presented for the prior year periods have been recast based on the revised groupings.
in addition to our products and solutions, we provide a variety of services to our customers, including software maintenance, hardware maintenance and other services including professional services, global support solutions, and customer education and training to help customers most effectively build their unique data fabrics and efficiently manage their data. revenues generated by our cloud data services offerings are included in software maintenance revenues.
the novel coronavirus, or covid-19, pandemic and efforts to control its spread have significantly curtailed the movement of people, goods and services worldwide, including in most or all of the regions in which we sell our products and services and conduct our business operations. we have taken precautionary measures intended to minimize the risk of the virus to our employees, our customers, and the communities in which we operate. since march 2020, the vast majority of our employees have been working remotely and we have suspended business travel.
during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, due to increased macroeconomic uncertainty caused by covid-19, we observed certain customers delay purchases of our products and services, while other customers accelerated or placed new orders to address the
demands of remote working and digital business, though on a net basis the impact to product revenues was unfavorable. we also experienced certain logistical challenges in delivering our products and services to customers in certain regions, and minor supply chain constraints.
we believe our existing balances of cash, cash equivalents and investments, cash generated from operations, and ability to access capital markets and committed lines of credit will be sufficient to satisfy our working capital needs, capital expenditures, dividends, required debt repayments and other liquidity requirements associated with our operations. in march 2020, we suspended our stock repurchase program.
the magnitude and duration of the disruption to our business, and impact to our operational and financial performance, caused by covid-19 pandemic is uncertain. refer to item 1a. - risk factors for the significant risks we have identified as a result of the covid-19 pandemic.
financial results and key performance metrics overview the following table provides an overview of some of our key financial metrics for each of the last three fiscal years (in millions, except per share amounts and percentages):
gross profit                                                        $3,623                      $3,945                      $3,709
gross profit margin percentage                                          67   %                      64   %                      63   %
provision for income taxes                                            $125                         $99                      $1,083
net cash provided by operating activities                           $1,060                      $1,341                      $1,478
•   gross profit margin percentage: our gross profit margin as a percentage of net revenues increased by almost three percentage points in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019, primarily as a result of software and hardware maintenance revenues representing a higher percentage of total revenues in fiscal 2020, due to the decline in product revenues.
•   provision for income taxes: our provision for income taxes increased in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019 primarily as a result of differences in discrete tax impacts in each year.
•   net income and diluted income per share: the decrease in both net income and diluted net income per share in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019 reflect the factors discussed above. diluted net income per share was favorably impacted by a 10% decrease in the annual weighted average number of dilutive shares, due to share repurchases.
stock repurchase program and dividend activity during fiscal 2020, we repurchased 25 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $56.34 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of $1.4 billion. we also declared cash dividends of an aggregate of $1.92 per share in fiscal 2020, for which we paid an aggregate of $439 million.
acquisitions on may 23, 2019, we acquired all the outstanding shares of privately-held cognigo research ltd., a provider of data discovery classification software designed to manage and protect critical data, for $53 million in cash.
on march 6, 2020, we acquired all the outstanding shares of privately-held talon storage solutions, inc., a provider of next generation software-defined storage solutions, for $23 million in cash.
on april 28, 2020, in the first quarter of fiscal 2021, we acquired all the outstanding shares of privately-held cloud jumper corporation, a provider of virtual desktop infrastructure and remote desktop services solutions, for approximately $34 million in cash.
restructuring event in the first quarter of fiscal 2020, we announced a restructuring plan to reduce costs and redirect resources to our highest return activities, which included a reduction in our global workforce by approximately 2%, and incurred charges of approximately $21 million, consisting primarily of employee severance costs. see note 13 - restructuring charges for additional information.
adoption of lease accounting standard in the first quarter of fiscal 2020, we adopted the new accounting standard leases (asc 842) using the modified retrospective approach, electing the optional transition method of not adjusting our comparative period financial statements. adoption of the new standard resulted in the recognition of approximately $149 million of operating lease right-of-use assets, net of deferred rent and restructuring liabilities, and $158 million of lease liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets as of the beginning of fiscal 2020. see note 10 - leases in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
senior notes maturity on september 27, 2019, we made an aggregate cash payment of $400 million to extinguish our 2.00% senior notes at maturity. this repayment was funded through the sale of short-term commercial paper notes issued under our existing program and cash on hand.
real estate transaction in september 2017, we entered into an agreement to sell certain land and buildings located in sunnyvale, california, through two separate and independent closings, the first of which was completed in the third quarter of fiscal 2018. the remaining properties, consisting of land, were classified as assets held for sale, and included as other current assets in our consolidated balance sheets as of april 26, 2019. on august 29, 2019, the second closing occurred and we consummated the sale of the land, with a net book value of $53 million, and received cash proceeds of $96 million, resulting in a gain, net of direct selling costs, of $38 million.
critical accounting policies and estimates our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states of america (gaap), which require management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, net revenues and expenses, and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. our estimates are based on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, including the ongoing covid-19 pandemic, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities. we believe that the accounting estimates employed and the resulting balances are reasonable; however, actual results may differ from these estimates and such differences may be material.
the summary of significant accounting policies is included in note 1 - description of business and significant accounting policies of the notes to consolidated financial statements. an accounting policy is deemed to be critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the estimate is made, if different estimates reasonably could have been used, or if changes in the estimate that are reasonably possible could materially impact the financial statements. the accounting policies described below reflect the significant judgments, estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition our contracts with customers often include the transfer of multiple products and services to the customer. in determining the amount and timing of revenue recognition, we assess which products and services are distinct performance obligations and allocate the transaction price, which may include fixed and/or variable amounts, among each performance obligation on a relative standalone selling price (ssp) basis. the following are the key estimates and assumptions and corresponding uncertainties included in this approach:
•   we evaluate whether products and services promised in our contracts with customers are distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately versus together.                                                                                                                                          •   in certain contracts, the determination of our distinct performance obligations requires significant judgment. as our business and offerings to customers change over time, the products and services we determine to be distinct performance obligations may change. such changes may adversely impact the amount of revenue and gross margin we report in a particular period.
•   in determining the transaction price of our contracts, we estimate variable consideration based on the expected value, primarily relying on our history. in certain situations, we may also use the most likely amount as the basis of our estimate.                                                                      •   we may have insufficient relevant historical data or other information to arrive at an accurate estimate of variable consideration using either the "expected value" or "most likely amount" method. additionally, changes in business practices, such as those related to sales returns or marketing programs, may introduce new forms of variable consideration, as well as more complexity and uncertainty in the estimation process.
•   in contracts with multiple performance obligations, we establish ssps based on the price at which products and services are sold separately. if ssps are not observable through past transactions, we estimate them using available information including, but not limited to, market data and other observable inputs.   •   as our business and offerings evolve over time, modifications to our pricing and discounting methodologies, changes in the scope and nature of product and service offerings and/or changes in customer segmentation may result in a lack of consistency, making it difficult to establish and/or maintain ssps. changes in ssps could result in different and unanticipated allocations of revenue in contracts with multiple performance obligations. these factors, among others, may adversely impact the amount of revenue and gross margin we report in a particular period.
inventory valuation and purchase order accruals inventories consist primarily of purchased components and finished goods and are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value, which approximates actual cost on a first-in, first-out basis. a provision is recorded when inventory is determined to be in excess of anticipated demand or obsolete in order to adjust inventory to its estimated realizable value. the following are the key estimates and assumptions and corresponding uncertainties for estimating the value of our inventories:
•   we periodically perform an excess and obsolete analysis of our inventory. inventories are written down based on excess and obsolete reserves determined primarily on assumptions about future demand forecasts and market conditions. at the point of the loss recognition, a new, lower cost basis for that inventory is established, and subsequent changes in facts and circumstances do not result in the restoration or increase in that newly established cost basis.   •   although we use our best estimates to forecast future product demand, any significant unanticipated changes in demand, which could be exacerbated by the effects of the covid-19 pandemic, or obsolescence related to technological developments, new product introductions, customer requirements, competition or other factors could have a significant impact on the valuation of our inventory. if actual market conditions are less favorable than those projected, additional write-downs and other charges against earnings that adversely impact gross margins may be required. if actual market conditions are more favorable, we may realize higher gross profits in the period when the written-down inventory is sold.
we are subject to a variety of environmental laws relating to the manufacture of our products. if there are changes to the current regulations, we may be required to make product design changes which may result in excess or obsolete inventory, which could adversely impact our operating results.
•                                                                                                  we make commitments to our third-party contract manufacturers and other suppliers to manage lead times and                                                                                                 •   if the actual materials demand is significantly lower than our forecast, we may be required to increase our recorded liabilities for estimated losses on non-cancelable purchase commitments which would adversely impact our operating results.
meet product forecasts and to other parties to purchase various key components used in the manufacture of our products. we establish accruals for estimated losses on non-cancelable purchase commitments when we believe it is probable that the components will not be utilized in future operations.
goodwill and purchased intangible assets we allocate the purchase price of acquisitions to identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their acquisition date fair values based on established valuation techniques. goodwill represents the residual value as of the acquisition date, which in most cases is measured as the excess of the purchase consideration transferred over the net of the acquisition date fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed.
the carrying values of purchased intangible assets are reviewed whenever events and circumstances indicate that the net book value of an asset may not be recovered through expected future cash flows from its use and eventual disposition. we periodically review the estimated remaining useful lives of our intangible assets. this review may result in impairment charges or shortened useful lives, resulting in charges to our consolidated statements of operations.
we review goodwill for impairment annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of our reporting unit may exceed its fair value. the provisions of the accounting standard for goodwill allow us to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test. for our annual goodwill impairment test in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, we performed a quantitative test and determined the fair value of our reporting unit substantially exceeded its carrying amount, therefore, found no impairment of goodwill. to date, the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic have not significantly adversely affected the fair value of our reporting unit.
the following are the key estimates and assumptions and corresponding uncertainties for estimating the value of our goodwill and purchased intangible assets:
•   the assessment of fair value for goodwill and purchased intangible assets is based on factors that market participants would use in an orderly transaction in accordance with the accounting guidance for the fair value measurement of nonfinancial assets.                                  •   while we employ experts to determine the acquisition date fair value of acquired intangibles, the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on significant management assumptions and estimates, which are inherently uncertain and highly subjective and as a result, actual results may differ from estimates. if different assumptions were to be used, it could materially impact the purchase price allocation. volatile macroeconomic and market conditions caused by the covid-19 pandemic have increased the level of uncertainty and subjectivity of certain management assumptions and estimates.
the valuation of purchased intangible assets is principally based on estimates of the future performance and cash flows expected to be generated by the acquired assets from the acquired business.
•   evaluations of possible goodwill and purchased intangible asset impairment require us to make judgments and assumptions related to the allocation of our balance sheet and income statement amounts and estimate future cash flows and fair market values of our reporting unit and assets.   •   in response to changes in industry and market conditions, we could be required to strategically realign our resources and consider restructuring, disposing of, or otherwise exiting businesses, which could result in an impairment of goodwill or purchased intangible assets.
assumptions and estimates about expected future cash flows and the fair values of our reporting unit and purchased intangible assets are complex and subjective. they can be affected by a variety of factors, including external factors such as the adverse impact of unanticipated changes in macroeconomic conditions, such as those related to the covid-19 pandemic, and technological changes or new product introductions from competitors. they can also be affected by internal factors such as changes in business strategy or in forecasted product life cycles and roadmaps. our ongoing consideration of these and other factors could result in future impairment charges or accelerated amortization expense, which could adversely affect our operating results.
valuation of investment securities our investments in debt securities are reported at fair value and are subject to periodic impairment review. unrealized gains and losses related to changes in the fair value of these securities are recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax, unless they are determined to be other-than-temporary impairments. the ultimate value realized on these securities is subject to market price volatility until they are sold.
the following are the key estimates and assumptions and corresponding uncertainties for the valuation of our investment securities:
•   the estimated fair value of our debt securities, and the associated accounting for unrealized losses is based on an evaluation of current economic and market conditions, the credit rating of the security's issuer, the length of time and extent the security's fair value has been below its amortized cost and our ability and intent to hold the security for a period of time sufficient to allow for anticipated recovery in value. if we determine that an investment has an other-than-temporary decline in fair value, we recognize the investment loss in earnings.   •   the fair value of our investments in debt securities could decrease significantly from uncertainties in the credit and capital markets, credit rating downgrades and/or solvency of the issuer or decreases in the marketability of the securities, with the ongoing covid-19 pandemic contributing to these uncertainties. if the fair value of our investments decreases significantly and, if because of changes in our ability and intent to continue to hold the securities or other factors, it is determined to be other-than-temporary, we may incur impairment charges that could adversely affect our results of operations.
income taxes we are subject to income taxes in the united states and numerous foreign jurisdictions. we compute our provision for income taxes using the asset and liability method, under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, and for operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the currently enacted tax rates that apply to taxable income in effect for the years in which those tax assets are expected to be realized or settled. the company records a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that is believed more likely than not to be realized.
the following are the key estimates and assumptions and corresponding uncertainties for our income taxes:
•   our income tax provision is based on existing tax law and advanced pricing agreements or letter rulings we have with various tax authorities.                                                                             •   our provision for income taxes is subject to volatility and could be adversely impacted by future changes in existing tax laws, such as a change in tax rate, possible u.s. changes to the taxation of earnings of our foreign subsidiaries, and uncertainties as to future renewals of favorable tax agreements and rulings.
•   the determination of whether we should record or adjust a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets is based on assumptions regarding our future profitability.                                                 •   our future profits could differ from current expectations resulting in a change to our determination as to the amount of deferred tax assets that are more likely than not to be realized. we could adjust our valuation allowance with a corresponding impact to the tax provision in the period in which such determination is made.
•   the estimates for our uncertain tax positions are based primarily on company specific circumstances, applicable tax laws, tax opinions from outside firms and past results from examinations of our income tax returns.   •   significant judgment is required in evaluating our uncertain tax positions. although we believe our reserves are reasonable, no assurance can be given that the final tax outcome or tax court rulings of these matters will not be different from that which is reflected in our historical tax provisions and accruals.
new accounting standards see note 1 - description of business and significant accounting policies for the impact to our financial statements of the adoption of the accounting standard leases (asc 842) in the first quarter of fiscal 2020.
see note 2 - recent accounting standards not yet effective of the notes to consolidated financial statements for a full description of new accounting pronouncements, including the respective expected dates of adoption and effects on our financial statements.
results of operations our fiscal year is reported on a 52- or 53-week year that ends on the last friday in april. an additional week is included in the first fiscal quarter approximately every six years to realign fiscal months with calendar months. fiscal year 2020, which ended on april 24, 2020, fiscal year 2019, which ended on april 26, 2019, and fiscal year 2018, which ended on april 27, 2018, were all 52-week years. unless otherwise stated, references to particular years, quarters, months and periods refer to our fiscal years ended in april and the associated quarters, months and periods of those fiscal years.
the following table sets forth certain consolidated statements of operations data as a percentage of net revenues for the periods indicated:
software maintenance                                      19               15               15
cost of software maintenance                               1                1                -
gross profit                                              67               64               63
sales and marketing                                       29               27               29
research and development                                  16               13               13
restructuring charges                                      -                1                -
gain on sale or derecognition of assets                   (1   )           (1   )           (4   )
income before income taxes                                17               21               20
provision for income taxes                                 2                2               18
percentages may not add due to rounding discussion and analysis of results of operations overview - net revenues for fiscal 2020 were $5,412 million, a decrease of $734 million, or 12% compared to fiscal 2019, reflecting lower product and hardware maintenance and other services revenues, partially offset by higher software maintenance revenues. product revenues were negatively impacted by a reduction of customer demand due to the covid-19 pandemic in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020. net revenues for fiscal 2019 were $6,146 million, an increase of $227 million, or 4% compared to fiscal 2018, reflecting higher product and software maintenance revenues, partially offset by slightly lower hardware maintenance and other services revenues.
gross profit as a percentage of net revenues for fiscal 2020 increased by almost three points compared to fiscal 2019, primarily as a result of software and hardware maintenance revenues representing a higher percentage of total revenues in fiscal 2020, due to the decline in product revenues, and, to a lesser extent, slightly higher gross profit margins on product revenues and hardware maintenance and other services revenues. gross profit margins on product revenues in fiscal 2020 increased one percentage point compared to fiscal 2019, primarily due to a higher mix of aff product sales in the current year, partially offset by a decrease in high-margin revenue recognized from the software license component of several elas. gross profit as a percentage of net revenues for fiscal 2019 increased by one and a half percentage points compared to fiscal 2018, reflecting higher margins on product revenues and hardware maintenance and other services revenues.
sales and marketing, research and development, and general and administrative expenses for fiscal 2020 totaled $2,695 million, or 50% of net revenues, representing an increase of five percentage points compared to fiscal 2019, primarily due to lower net revenues in fiscal 2020. sales and marketing, research and development, and general and administrative expenses for fiscal 2019 totaled $2,762 million, or 45% of net revenues, representing a decrease of two percentage points compared to fiscal 2018, primarily due to higher net revenues in fiscal 2019.
2020               2019                  % change           2018                  % change net revenues          $5,412             $6,146                (12    )%          $5,919         4             %
the decrease in net revenues for fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019 was primarily due to a decrease of $760 million in product revenues. product revenues as a percent of net revenues decreased six percentage points in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019.
the increase in net revenues for fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018 was primarily due to an increase of $230 million in product revenues. product revenues as a percent of net revenues increased one and a half percentage points in fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018.
the following customers, each of which is a distributor, accounted for 10% or more of net revenues:
tech data corporation            21   %          20   %          20   %
2020               2019                  % change           2018                  % change product revenues          $2,995             $3,755                (20    )%          $3,525         7             %
product revenues are derived through the sale of our strategic and mature solutions, and consist of sales of configured all-flash array and hybrid systems, which are bundled hardware and software products, as well as add-on flash, disk and/or hybrid storage and related os, netapp hci, storagegrid, oem products and add-on optional software.
under the strategic and mature product groupings, as described in the executive overview section above, product revenues from strategic solutions represented 60% of product revenues in fiscal 2020, compared to 56% in fiscal 2019. product revenues from mature solutions represented 40% of product revenues in fiscal 2020, compared to 44% in fiscal 2019.
product revenues declined in fiscal 2020 compared to the prior year primarily due to less favorable macroeconomic conditions and lower enterprise it spending throughout fiscal 2020, and go-to-market execution issues experienced in the first quarter of fiscal 2020 with some of our largest global customer accounts. additionally, in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, increasing macroeconomic uncertainty caused by the covid-19 pandemic contributed to demand weakness, while associated logistical challenges led to delays in deliveries of products and services to certain customers.
total product revenues from strategic solutions totaled $1,806 million in fiscal 2020, reflecting a 14% decrease from $2,100 million in fiscal 2019, with sales of most product types declining in the current year. a portion of the decrease was also attributable to substantially lower revenues recognized in fiscal 2020 related to the software license component of elas, due to a significant decrease in the aggregate value of new elas executed during the current year. total product revenues from mature solutions totaled $1,189 in fiscal 2020, reflecting a 28% decrease from $1,655 million in fiscal 2019, and a decline in sales of most product types, including our hybrid fas and oem products.
total product revenues from strategic solutions totaled $2,100 million in fiscal 2019, reflecting a 23% increase from $1,709 million in fiscal 2018. this increase was primarily due to over $100 million of revenues from the software license component of several elas in fiscal 2019 which were recognized up-front. comparable ela revenues were immaterial in fiscal 2018. revenues generated from the sale of optional add-on software unrelated to elas, and netapp hci also increased in fiscal 2019. total product revenue from mature solutions totaled $1,655 million in fiscal 2019 reflecting a 9% decrease from $1,816 million in fiscal 2018, reflecting the movement of customers to our newer products, partially offset by an increase in add-on hardware, and related os software revenues.
software maintenance revenues (in millions, except percentages):
2020               2019                % change          2018                % change software maintenance revenues          $1,034             $946         9             %          $902         5             %
software maintenance revenues are associated with contracts which entitle customers to receive unspecified product upgrades and enhancements on a when-and-if-available basis, bug fixes and patch releases, as well as internet and telephone access to technical support personnel located in our global support centers.
the growth in software maintenance revenues reflects the higher aggregate contract value of the installed base under software maintenance contracts, which is recognized as revenue ratably over the terms of the underlying contracts.
2020               2019                  % change           2018                  % change hardware maintenance and other services revenues          $1,383             $1,445                (4     )%          $1,492                (3     )%
united states, canada and latin america (americas)          53   %          56   %          54   %
percentages may not add due to rounding americas revenues consist of sales to americas commercial and united states (u.s.) public sector markets. during fiscal 2020, americas revenues were negatively impacted by general macroeconomic conditions in the region and go-to-market execution issues with some of our largest customer accounts in the first quarter of fiscal 2020, which was reflected in the geographic distribution of revenues as a percentage of net revenues in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019. during fiscal 2019, americas revenues as a percentage of net revenues increased, reflecting higher product revenues due in part to several large elas, while emea revenues decreased slightly, primarily reflecting the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations.
cost of revenues our cost of revenues consists of three elements: (1) cost of product revenues, which includes the costs of manufacturing and shipping our storage products, amortization of purchased intangible assets, inventory write-downs, and warranty costs, (2) cost of software maintenance, which includes the costs of providing software maintenance and third-party royalty costs and (3) cost of hardware maintenance and other services revenues, which includes costs associated with providing support activities for hardware maintenance, global support partnership programs, professional services and educational and training services.
2020               2019                  % change           2018                  % change cost of product revenues          $1,368             $1,752                (22    )%          $1,738         1             %
the changes in cost of product revenues consisted of the following (in percentage points of the total change):
percentage change points            percentage change points materials costs                   (22             )                   -
total change                      (22             )   1
cost of product revenues represented 46%, 47% and 49% of product revenues for fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. materials cost represented 86%, 90% and 91% of product costs for fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
materials costs decreased $393 million in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019, primarily due to a decline in product revenue and, to a lesser extent, a decline in the price of certain product components. margins on revenue recognized for strategic solutions were higher in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019, reflecting a decrease in the average unit materials cost of aff systems, partially offset by less high-margin revenue related to the software license components of several elas.  margins on revenue recognized for mature solutions were relatively flat in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019, as the benefit from lower average unit materials costs of fas hybrid systems was offset by lower average selling prices.
materials costs decreased $5 million in fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018, primarily due to a decline in the price of certain product components. the average unit materials costs of our systems decreased slightly in fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018. margins on revenue recognized for strategic solutions were higher in fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018 primarily due to the benefit of high margins realized on the software license components of several elas, and, to a lesser extent, higher asps. margins for mature products also increased slightly in fiscal 2019. foreign exchange rate fluctuations resulted in a slight unfavorable impact to margins in fiscal 2019.
cost of software maintenance revenues (in millions, except percentages):
2020           2019              % change          2018              % change cost of software maintenance revenues         $48            $35         37            %         $25         40            %
cost of software maintenance revenues represented 5%, 4% and 3% of software maintenance revenues for fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
2020             2019                % change           2018                % change cost of hardware maintenance and other services revenues          $373             $414                (10    )%          $447                (7     )%
cost of hardware maintenance and other services revenues decreased $41 million, or 10%, in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019, and decreased $33 million, or 7%, in fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018, primarily due to the favorable impact of cost savings initiatives, and the decrease in hardware maintenance and other services revenues. costs represented 27%, 29% and 30% of hardware maintenance and other services revenues for fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
operating expenses sales and marketing, research and development and general and administrative expenses compensation costs represent the largest component of operating expenses. included in compensation costs are salaries, benefits, other compensation-related costs, stock-based compensation expense and employee incentive compensation plan costs.
total compensation costs included in operating expenses decreased $22 million, or 1% during fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019, primarily due to lower incentive compensation expenses reflecting lower operating performance against goals, partially offset by higher salaries, reflecting a 3% increase in average headcount.
total compensation costs included in operating expenses decreased $15 million, or 1% during fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018, primarily due to lower incentive compensation expenses reflecting lower operating performance against goals, and, to a lesser extent, the favorable impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations, partially offset by higher salaries and benefits expense, reflecting a slight increase in average headcount.
sales and marketing (in millions, except percentages):
2020               2019                  % change           2018                  % change sales and marketing expenses          $1,585             $1,657                (4     )%          $1,706                (3     )%
sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of compensation costs, commissions, outside services, allocated facilities and it support costs, advertising and marketing promotional expense and travel and entertainment expense. the changes in sales and marketing expenses consisted of the following:
percentage change points            percentage change points compensation costs                                           (1   )                   (2              )
facilities and it support costs                               -                       (1              )
total change                                                 (4   )                   (3              )
the decrease in compensation costs in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019 reflects a slight reduction in average headcount, while the decrease in commissions expense was primarily due to lower performance against sales goals. we incurred $3 million of non-recurring expenses in fiscal 2020, primarily due to the cancellation of a major sales event, as a direct result of the covid-19 pandemic.
the decrease in compensation costs in fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018 reflects a slight reduction in average headcount and, to a lesser extent, the favorable impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations. facilities and it support costs decreased during fiscal 2019 primarily due to cost containment efforts.
research and development (in millions, except percentages):
2020             2019                % change          2018                % change research and development expenses          $847             $827         2             %          $783         6             %
research and development expenses consist primarily of compensation costs, allocated facilities and it support costs, depreciation, equipment and software related costs, prototypes, non-recurring engineering charges and other outside services costs. changes in research and development expense consisted of the following:
percentage change points             percentage change points compensation costs                          2                                                           3
development projects and outside services                   -                                           1
facilities and it support costs                             -                                           2
total change                                2                                                           6
the increases in compensation costs for fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019, compared to the respective prior years, were attributable to increases in average headcount of 8% and 7%, respectively, resulting in higher salaries and benefits expense. these increases were partially offset by lower incentive compensation plan expense, though to a greater degree in fiscal 2020 than in fiscal 2019. the
average headcount increase in each year reflects our ongoing investment in additional engineering resources to support the expansion and enhancement of products and solutions targeted at our most important customer and market opportunities.
facilities and it support costs increased in fiscal 2019 in connection with the increase in average headcount, while in fiscal 2020 incremental projects were not funded in an effort to contain costs.
development projects and outside services expense increased in fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018 as a result of higher spending on materials and services associated with engineering activities to develop new products and enhance the existing portfolio.
2020             2019                % change           2018                % change general and administrative expenses          $263             $278                (5     )%          $280                (1     )%
general and administrative expenses consist primarily of compensation costs, professional and corporate legal fees, outside services and allocated facilities and it support costs. changes in general and administrative expense consisted of the following:
percentage change points            percentage change points compensation costs                                                            (7   )                              (3   )
facilities and it support costs                                               (3   )                               -
total change                                                                  (5   )                              (1   )
the decreases in compensation costs for fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019, compared to the respective prior years, were primarily attributable to lower incentive compensation plan expense and, for fiscal 2020, lower stock-based compensation expense. while average headcount increased in both fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019, salaries and benefits expense remained relatively flat as a greater percentage of employees were located in lower cost geographies.
the decrease in facilities and it support costs in fiscal 2020 was primarily due to lower spending levels on it projects.
restructuring charges (in millions, except percentages):
2020           2019              % change           2018              % change restructuring charges         $21            $35                (40    )%       $-            nm nm - not meaningful in an effort to reduce our cost structure and redirect resources to our highest return activities, in fiscal years 2020 and 2019, we initiated a number of business realignment plans designed to streamline our business and focus on key strategic opportunities, resulting in aggregate reductions of our global workforce of approximately 2% in fiscal 2020 and less than 3% in fiscal 2019, for which we recognized aggregate charges of $21 million and $35 million, respectively, consisting primarily of employee severance costs. see note 13 - restructuring charges of the notes to consolidated financial statements for more details regarding our restructuring plans.
gain on sale or derecognition of assets (in millions, except percentages):
2020              2019                 % change           2018                 % change gain on sale or derecognition of assets       $(38      )       $(73      )             (48    )%       $(218     )             (67    )%
in september 2017, we entered into an agreement to sell certain properties for a total of $306 million, through two separate and independent closings. during fiscal 2018, the first closing occurred, and we consummated the sale of properties with a net book value of $66 million, for cash proceeds of $210 million, resulting in a gain, net of direct selling costs, of $142 million. during the first
quarter of fiscal 2020, the second closing occurred and we consummated the sale of land, with a net book value of $53 million, and received cash proceeds of $96 million, resulting in a gain, net of direct selling costs, of $38 million.
in addition, during fiscal 2018, our continuing involvement with properties subject to a sale-leaseback arrangement entered into in fiscal 2016 ended, and as a result we recorded non-cash sales of properties, extinguished the associated financing obligations and recognized gains of $76 million.
in february 2019, we contributed cash and other assets with a total book value of $7 million to a newly formed joint venture with lenovo  in exchange for a non-controlling 49% equity interest in the new entity, lenovo netapp technology limited ("lntl"). the value of our equity interest was $80 million, resulting in a gain of $73 million in fiscal 2019.
2020              2019                 % change           2018                 % change interest income             $48               $88                 (45    )%           $79          11             %
nm - not meaningful interest income decreased during fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019, primarily due to a reduction in the size of our investment portfolio as a result of our sale of approximately $1.0 billion of available-for-sale debt securities in the first quarter of fiscal 2020 and net maturities over the remainder of the year. interest income increased during fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018, primarily due to a shift in our investment portfolio to higher-yielding investments, partially offset by a decrease in the size of the portfolio.
other income, net decreased during fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019, primarily due to a $10 million impairment of our equity method investment in lntl and the net unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations in fiscal 2020, partially offset by a $14 million gain we realized from the sale of approximately $1.0 billion of available-for-sale debt securities. the decrease in other income, net during fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018 was primarily attributable to differences in net foreign exchange gains.
provision for income taxes (in millions, except percentages):
2020             2019              % change          2018                  % change provision for income taxes          $125            $99         26            %          $1,083                (91    )%
our effective tax rate for fiscal 2020 was 13.2% compared to an effective tax rate of 7.8% for fiscal 2019, and an effective tax rate of 90.3% for fiscal 2018. our effective tax rates reflect the impact of a significant amount of our earnings, primarily income from our european operations, being taxed in foreign jurisdictions at rates below the u.s. statutory tax rate. our effective tax rate for fiscal 2020 was higher than the prior year primarily due to the shift in jurisdictional mix of income resulting in a lower foreign rate differential, a higher global minimum tax on intangible income (gmt) provision, and reduced benefit attributable to stock-based compensation.
key components of the effective tax rate of 13.2% in fiscal 2020 included a benefit of $61 million, or 6.4 percentage points, related to the lapse of statutes of limitations, an expense of $32 million, or 3.4 percentage points, for gmt, a benefit of $40 million, or 4.2 percentage points, from foreign profits taxed at effective tax rates lower than the u.s. federal statutory rate of 21%, a benefit of $16 million, or 1.7 percentage points, from the generation of federal research credits, an expense of $15 million, or 1.6 percentage points, related to transition tax adjustments, and a benefit of $4 million, or 0.4 percentage points, attributable to stock-based compensation.
key components of the effective tax rate of 7.8% in fiscal 2019 included a benefit of $84 million, or 6.6 percentage points, from foreign profits taxed at effective tax rates lower than the u.s. federal statutory rate of 21%, a benefit of $48 million, or 3.8 percentage points, related to the effects on the resolution of certain income tax examinations, a benefit of $19 million, or 1.5 percentage points, attributable to stock-based compensation, and a benefit of $17 million, or 1.3 percentage points, from the generation of federal research credits.
key components of the effective tax rate of 90.3% in fiscal 2018 included a one-time transition tax charge on accumulated foreign earnings of approximately $732 million, or 61.0 percentage points, a charge of $108 million, or 9.0 percentage points, related to the remeasurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities due to tax rate changes, offset by a benefit of $108 million, or 9.0 percentage points, from foreign profits taxed at effective tax rates lower than our blended u.s. federal statutory rate of 30.5%, and a tax benefit of $23 million, or 1.9 percentage points, attributable to stock-based compensation.
during fiscal 2020, we recognized a discrete benefit of $61 million related to the lapse of statutes of limitations on our fiscal 2014 and 2015 federal income tax returns. during fiscal 2019, we recognized a discrete benefit of $48 million arising from the effective settlement of an internal revenue service audit for fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2013. in addition, we are effectively subject to federal tax examination adjustments for tax years ended on or after fiscal 2001, in that we have carryforward attributes from these years that could be subject to adjustment in the tax years of utilization.
on december 22, 2017, the tax cuts and jobs act (tcja) was enacted into law. the tcja made significant changes to the u.s. corporate income tax system including a reduction of the u.s. federal corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21%, the imposition of a one-time transition tax on deferred foreign earnings, and the creation of new taxes on certain foreign-sourced earnings. asc 740, income taxes, requires companies to recognize the effect of the tax law changes in the period of enactment. however, the sec staff issued staff accounting bulletin 118, which allowed companies to record provisional amounts during a measurement period not to extend beyond one year from the tcja enactment date.
as a result of the u.s. federal corporate income tax rate change, effective as of january 1, 2018, we remeasured our deferred tax assets and liabilities based on the rates at which they are expected to reverse in the future periods. during fiscal 2018, we recorded $108 million of tax expense related to all tax rate changes. upon finalization of our provisional estimates during the third quarter of fiscal 2019, we recorded tax expense of $6 million related to deferred tax assets for equity-based compensation awards to our executives.
the tcja imposed a mandatory, one-time transition tax on accumulated foreign earnings and profits not previously subject to u.s. income tax at a rate of 15.5% on earnings to the extent of foreign cash and other liquid assets, and 8% on the remaining earnings. in fiscal 2018, we recorded a $732 million discrete tax expense for the estimated u.s. federal and state income tax impacts of the transition tax. in the third quarter of fiscal 2019, we finalized our computation of the transition tax and recorded a reduction of $5 million to our provisional estimate.
under the tcja, the gmt provisions impose a tax on foreign income in excess of a deemed return on tangible assets of foreign corporations. under u.s. gaap, companies are allowed to make an accounting policy election to either (i) account for gmt as a component of tax expense in the period in which a company is subject to the rules, or (ii) account for gmt in a company's measurement of deferred taxes. we have elected to recognize the gmt as a period cost and thus recorded $32 million and $22 million of tax expense for federal and state impacts for fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019, respectively.
liquidity, capital resources and cash requirements
cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments        $2,882        $3,899
the following is a summary of our cash flow activities:
net cash provided by operating activities                                                 $1,060                 $1,341
net cash provided by investing activities                                                  1,269                    704
net cash used in financing activities                                                     (1,960   )             (2,631   )
effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                (34   )                (30   )
as of april 24, 2020, our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments totaled $2.9 billion, reflecting a decrease of $1.0 billion from april 26, 2019. the decrease was primarily due to $1.4 billion paid for the repurchase of our common stock, $439 million used for the payment of dividends, $400 million used for the repayment of our senior notes due september 2019, and $124 million in purchases of property and equipment, partially offset by $273 million in proceeds from the issuance of commercial paper notes, net, $96 million in proceeds from the sale of properties and $1.1 billion of cash provided by operating activities. working capital decreased by $1.0 billion to $0.7 billion as of april 24, 2020 primarily due to the decreases in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments discussed above.
cash flows from operating activities during fiscal 2020, we generated cash from operating activities of $1.1 billion, reflecting net income of $819 million, adjusted by non-cash depreciation and amortization of $193 million, stock-based compensation of $153 million and a gain on derecognition of assets of $38 million.
changes in assets and liabilities during fiscal 2020 included the following:
•   accounts receivable decreased $238 million, reflecting more favorable shipping linearity and lower billings.
•   long-term taxes payable decreased $163 million, primarily due to resolution of income tax matters and transition taxes associated with u.s. tax reform.
during fiscal 2019, we generated cash from operating activities of $1.3 billion, reflecting net income of $1.2 billion, adjusted by non-cash depreciation and amortization of $197 million, stock-based compensation of $158 million and a gain on derecognition of assets of $73 million.
changes in assets and liabilities during fiscal 2019 included the following:
•   accounts receivable increased $185 million, reflecting less favorable shipping linearity and one of our major distributors choosing not to take advantage of an early payment discount.
•   deferred revenue and financed unearned services revenue increased $343 million, primarily due to an increase in deferred software and hardware maintenance contract revenue associated with a growing installed base.
•   long-term taxes payable decreased $164 million, primarily due to transition taxes associated with u.s. tax reform.
we expect that cash provided by operating activities may materially fluctuate in future periods due to a number of factors, including fluctuations in our operating results, shipment linearity, accounts receivable collections performance, inventory and supply chain management, vendor payment initiatives, tax benefits or charges from stock-based compensation, and the timing and amount of compensation and other payments.
cash flows from investing activities during fiscal 2020, we generated $1.4 billion from maturities and sales of investments, net of purchases and paid $124 million for capital expenditures. additionally, we received $96 million for the sale of land in sunnyvale, california and paid $73 million to acquire two privately-held companies.
during fiscal 2019, we generated $876 million from maturities and sales of investments, net of purchases, and paid $173 million for capital expenditures.
cash flows from financing activities during fiscal 2020, we used $1.4 billion for the purchase of 25 million shares of our common stock, $439 million for the payment of dividends, $400 million for the repayment of our senior notes due september 2019, partially offset by $273 million in proceeds from the issuance of commercial paper notes, net and $102 million in proceeds from issuance of common stock under employee common stock award plans.
during fiscal 2019, we used $2.1 billion for the repurchase of 29 million shares of our common stock, $403 million for the payment of dividends, and $136 million for the repayment of commercial paper notes, net, partially offset by $121 million in proceeds from issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plans.
key factors that could affect our cash flows include changes in our revenue mix and profitability, our ability to effectively manage our working capital, in particular, accounts receivable, accounts payable and inventories, the timing and amount of stock repurchases and payment of cash dividends, the impact of foreign exchange rate changes, our ability to effectively integrate acquired products, businesses and technologies, and the timing of repayments of our debt. based on past performance and our current business outlook, we believe that our sources of liquidity, including potential future issuances of debt, equity or other securities, will satisfy our working capital needs, capital expenditures, investment requirements, stock repurchases, cash dividends, contractual obligations, commitments, principal and interest payments on our debt and other liquidity requirements associated with operations and meet our cash requirements for at least the next 12 months. however, in the event our liquidity is insufficient, we may be required to curtail spending and implement additional cost saving measures and restructuring actions or enter into new financing arrangements. we cannot be certain that we will continue to generate cash flows at or above current levels or that we will be able to obtain additional financing, if necessary, on satisfactory terms, if at all. for further discussion of factors that could affect our cash flows and liquidity requirements, including the impact of the covid-19 pandemic, see item 1a. risk factors.
liquidity our principal sources of liquidity as of april 24, 2020 consisted of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, cash we expect to generate from operations, and our commercial paper program and related credit facility.
cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments consisted of the following (in millions):
short-term investments              224          1,574
as of april 24, 2020 and april 26, 2019, $2.5 billion and $3.7 billion, respectively, of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments were held by various foreign subsidiaries and were generally based in u.s. dollar-denominated holdings, while $0.4 billion and $0.2 billion, respectively, were available in the u.s. the tcja imposed a one-time transition tax on substantially all accumulated foreign earnings through december 31, 2017, and generally allows companies to make distributions of foreign earnings without incurring additional federal taxes. as a part of the recognition of the impacts of the tcja, we have reviewed our projected global cash requirements and have determined that certain historical and future foreign earnings will no longer be indefinitely reinvested.
our principal liquidity requirements are primarily to meet our working capital needs, support ongoing business activities, fund research and development, meet capital expenditure needs, service interest and principal payments on our debt, fund our stock repurchase program, and pay dividends, as and if declared and invest in critical and complimentary technologies through asset purchases and or business acquisitions, including our recently announced definitive agreement to acquire spot inc. a provider of compute management and cost optimization services on the public clouds. for more information, see note 19 - subsequent events of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
the principal objectives of our investment policy are the preservation of principal and maintenance of liquidity. we attempt to mitigate default risk by investing in high-quality investment grade securities, limiting the time to maturity and monitoring the counter-parties and underlying obligors closely. we believe our cash equivalents and short-term investments are liquid and accessible. we are not aware of any significant deterioration in the fair value of our cash equivalents or investments from the values reported as of april 24, 2020.
our investment portfolio has been and will continue to be exposed to market risk due to trends in the credit and capital markets. we continue to closely monitor current economic and market events to minimize the market risk of our investment portfolio. we routinely monitor our financial exposure to both sovereign and non-sovereign borrowers and counterparties. we utilize a variety of planning and financing strategies in an effort to ensure our worldwide cash is available when and where it is needed. based on past performance
and current expectations, we believe our cash and cash equivalents, investments, cash generated from operations, and ability to access capital markets and committed credit lines will satisfy, through at least the next 12 months, our liquidity requirements, both in total and domestically, including the following: working capital needs, capital expenditures, business acquisitions, stock repurchases, cash dividends, contractual obligations, commitments, principal and interest payments on debt, and other liquidity requirements associated with our operations. we also have an automatic shelf registration statement on file with the securities and exchange commission (sec). we may in the future offer an additional unspecified amount of debt, equity and other securities.
interest on the senior notes is payable semi-annually. for further information on the underlying terms, see note 9 - financing arrangements of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
commercial paper program and credit facility we have a commercial paper program (the program), under which we may issue unsecured commercial paper notes. amounts available under the program may be borrowed, repaid and re-borrowed, with the aggregate face or principal amount of the notes outstanding under the program at any time not to exceed $1.0 billion. the maturities of the notes can vary, but may not exceed 397 days from the date of issue. the notes are sold under customary terms in the commercial paper market and may be issued at a discount from par or, alternatively, may be sold at par and bear interest at rates dictated by market conditions at the time of their issuance. the proceeds from the issuance of the notes are used for general corporate purposes. as of april 24, 2020, we had commercial paper notes outstanding with an aggregate principal amount of $523 million, a weighted-average interest rate of 2.01% and maturities primarily less than three months.
in connection with the program, we have a senior unsecured credit agreement that expires on december 10, 2021. the credit agreement provides a $1.0 billion revolving unsecured credit facility that serves as a back-up for the program. proceeds from the facility may also be used for general corporate purposes, providing another potential source of liquidity to the extent that the credit facility exceeds the outstanding debt issued under the program. the credit agreement also includes options that allow us to request an increase in the facility of up to an additional $300 million and to extend its maturity date for two additional one-year periods, both subject to certain conditions. as of april 24, 2020, we were in compliance with all associated covenants in this agreement. no amounts were drawn against this facility during any of the periods presented.
capital expenditure requirements we expect to fund our capital expenditures, including our commitments related to facilities, equipment, operating leases and internal-use software development projects over the next few years through existing cash, cash equivalents, investments and cash generated from operations. the timing and amount of our capital requirements cannot be precisely determined and will depend on a number of factors, including future demand for products, changes in the network storage industry, hiring plans and our decisions related to the financing of our facilities and equipment requirements. we anticipate capital expenditures for fiscal 2021 to be between $175 million and $225 million.
dividends and stock repurchase program on may 26, 2020, we declared a cash dividend of $0.48 per share of common stock, payable on july 29, 2020 to holders of record as of the close of business on july 10, 2020.
as of april 24, 2020, our board of directors had authorized the repurchase of up to $13.6 billion of our common stock under our stock repurchase program. under this program, we may purchase shares of our outstanding common stock through solicited or unsolicited transactions in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions, through accelerated share repurchase programs, pursuant to a rule 10b5-1 plan or in such other manner as deemed appropriate by our management. the stock repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time. since the may 13, 2003 inception of this program through april 24, 2020, we repurchased a total of 338 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $38.86 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of $13.1 billion. as of april 24, 2020, the remaining authorized amount for stock repurchases under this program was $0.5 billion.
during the first quarter of fiscal 2021, we announced the suspension of our stock repurchases to strengthen our liquidity position given the uncertainty surrounding the overall impact of the ongoing covid-19 pandemic. the timing and amount of stock repurchase transactions and future dividends will depend on market conditions, corporate business and financial considerations and regulatory requirements.
contractual obligations the impact of contractual obligations on our liquidity and capital resources in future periods should be analyzed in conjunction with the factors that impact our cash flows from operations discussed previously. the following table summarizes our contractual obligations at april 24, 2020 (in millions):
purchase commitments with contract               $479       $39       $42       $44       $47              $-          $651
total off-balance sheet commitments               612        73        53        51        51               4           844
uncertain tax positions (5)                                                                                             136
(1)   contract manufacturer and component supplier commitments consist of obligations for on-hand inventories and non-cancelable purchase orders with our contract manufacturers and component suppliers. we record a liability for firm, non-cancelable and unconditional purchase commitments with contract manufacturers and component suppliers for quantities in excess of our future demand forecasts. as of april 24, 2020, such liability amounted to $6 million and is included in accrued expenses in our consolidated balance sheets. to the extent that such forecasts are not achieved, our commitments and associated accruals may change.
(2)   other purchase obligations represent an estimate of all open purchase orders and contractual obligations associated with our ordinary course of business, excluding inventory commitments with contract manufacturers and component suppliers, for which we have not received the goods or services. purchase obligations do not include contracts that may be canceled without penalty. although open purchase orders are considered enforceable and legally binding, the terms generally allow us the option to cancel, reschedule, and adjust our requirements based on our business needs prior to the delivery of goods or performance of services.
(4)   included in long-term debt are obligations related to our $1.2 billion principal amount of our senior notes, of which $500 million is due in june 2021, $250 million is due in december 2022 and $400 million is due in september 2024. estimated interest payments for our long-term debt, assuming no early retirement of debt obligations, are $109 million for fiscal 2021 through fiscal 2025.
(5)   as of april 24, 2020, our liability for uncertain tax positions was $136 million, including interest, penalties and certain income tax benefits, which due to the uncertainty of the timing of future payments, is presented in the total column on a separate line in this table.
some of the amounts in the table above are based on management's estimates and assumptions, including the commitment duration, the possibility of renewal or termination, anticipated actions by management and third parties and other factors. because these estimates and assumptions are subjective, our actual future obligations may vary from those reflected in the table.
financing guarantees while most of our arrangements for sales include short-term payment terms, from time to time we provide long-term financing to creditworthy customers. we have generally sold receivables financed through these arrangements on a non-recourse basis to third party financing institutions within 10 days of the contracts' dates of execution, and we classify the proceeds from these sales as cash flows from operating activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows. we account for the sales of these receivables as "true sales" as defined in the accounting standards on transfers of financial assets, as we are considered to have surrendered control of these financing receivables. provided all other revenue recognition criteria have been met, we recognize product revenues for these arrangements, net of any payment discounts from financing transactions, upon product acceptance. we sold $59 million and $87 million of receivables during fiscal 2020 and 2019, respectively.
in addition, we enter into arrangements with leasing companies for the sale of our hardware systems products. these leasing companies, in turn, lease our products to end-users. the leasing companies generally have no recourse to us in the event of default by the end-user and we recognize revenue upon delivery to the end-user customer, if all other revenue recognition criteria have been met.
some of the leasing arrangements described above have been financed on a recourse basis through third-party financing institutions. under the terms of recourse leases, which are generally three years or less, we remain liable for the aggregate unpaid remaining lease payments to the third-party leasing companies in the event of end-user customer default. these arrangements are generally collateralized by a security interest in the underlying assets. where we provide a guarantee for recourse leases, we recognize revenues in accordance with our revenue recognition policy, as updated to reflect the adoption of asc 606. in connection with certain recourse financing arrangements, we receive advance payments associated with undelivered elements that are subject to customer refund rights. we defer revenue associated with these advance payments until the related refund rights expire and we perform the services. as of april 24, 2020 and april 26, 2019, the aggregate amount by which such contingencies exceeded the associated
liabilities was not significant. to date, we have not experienced significant losses under our lease financing programs or other financing arrangements.
we have entered into service contracts with certain of our end-user customers that are supported by third-party financing arrangements. if a service contract is terminated as a result of our non-performance under the contract or our failure to comply with the terms of the financing arrangement, we could, under certain circumstances, be required to acquire certain assets related to the service contract or to pay the aggregate unpaid financing payments under such arrangements. as of april 24, 2020, we have not been required to make any payments under these arrangements, and we believe the likelihood of having to acquire a material amount of assets or make payments under these arrangements is remote. the portion of the financial arrangement that represents unearned services revenue is included in deferred revenue and financed unearned services revenue in our consolidated balance sheets.
off-balance sheet arrangements our off-balance sheet arrangements with suppliers are discussed in the contractual obligations section above. additionally, we enter into indemnification agreements with third parties in the ordinary course of business. generally, these indemnification agreements require us to reimburse losses suffered by the third-parties due to various events, such as lawsuits arising from patent or copyright infringement. these indemnification obligations are considered off-balance sheet arrangements under accounting guidance.
legal contingencies we are subject to various legal proceedings and claims which arise in the normal course of business. see further details on such matters in note 18 - commitments and contingencies of the notes to consolidated financial statements.