item 1a. risk factors.
the following "risk factors" identify what we believe to be the risks that could materially adversely affect our financial and/or operational performance. these risk factors should be considered and evaluated together with information incorporated by reference or otherwise included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. additional risks not currently known to the company or that the company currently believes are immaterial also may impair the company's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the novel coronavirus ("covid-19") pandemic has disrupted our operations and could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition.
the covid-19 pandemic, along with the response to the pandemic by governmental and other actors, has disrupted our operations and is expected to continue to negatively impact our operations in the future, which impact may be material. we have experienced, and may continue to experience, mandatory and voluntary facility closures in certain jurisdictions in which we operate. furthermore, several of our customers temporarily suspended their operations and we have experienced less demand for our products. disruptions to our customers in the aerospace industry, which is facing the consequences of travel restrictions and severely diminished demand, have been and are expected to continue to be especially challenging. additionally, the covid-19 outbreak has, and could further, disrupt our supply chain. facility closures or other restrictions, as well as supply chain disruptions, could materially adversely affect our ability to adequately staff, supply or otherwise maintain our operations. moreover, because certain of our employees have transitioned to working from home, we may be subject to increased vulnerability to cyber and other information technology risks. we have modified, and may further modify, our business practices in response to the risks and negative impacts associated with the covid-19 pandemic. however, there can be no assurance that these measures will be temporary or successful.
the impact of the covid-19 pandemic continues to evolve and its ultimate duration, severity and disruption to our business, customers and supply chain, and the related financial impact to us, cannot be accurately forecasted at this time. should such disruption continue for an extended period, the adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition could be more severe than previously anticipated. additionally, continued weak economic conditions generally could result in impairment in value of our tangible or intangible assets. furthermore, future public health crises are possible and could involve some or all of the risks discussed above.
risks arising from uncertainty in worldwide and regional economic conditions may harm our business and make it difficult to project long-term performance.
our business is sensitive to global macro-economic conditions. future macroeconomic downturns may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition, as well as our distributors, customers and suppliers, and on activity in many of the industries and markets we serve. among the economic factors which may have such an effect are manufacturing and other end-market activity, global pandemics, currency exchange rates, air travel trends, difficulties entering new markets, tariffs and governmental trade and monetary policies, and general economic conditions such as inflation, deflation, interest rates and credit availability. these factors may, among other things, negatively impact our level of purchases, capital expenditures, and creditworthiness, as well as our distributors, customers and suppliers, and, therefore, the company's revenues, operating profits, margins, and order rates.
we cannot predict changes in worldwide or regional economic conditions and government policies, as such conditions are highly volatile and beyond our control. if these conditions deteriorate or remain at depressed levels for extended periods, however, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.
as a global business, we are exposed to economic, political and other risks in different countries in which we operate, which could materially reduce our sales, profitability or cash flows, or materially increase our liabilities.
our net sales derived from customers outside the united states were approximately 37 percent in 2020, 39 percent in 2019 and 41 percent in 2018. in addition, many of our manufacturing operations and suppliers are located outside the united states. the company expects net sales from non-u.s. markets to continue to represent a significant portion of its total net sales. our non-u.s. operations are subject to risks in addition to those facing our domestic operations, including:
•   limitations on ownership and on repatriation of earnings;
•   political, social and economic instability and disruptions;
•   the imposition of duties and tariffs and other trade barriers;
•   limitations on our ability to enforce legal rights and remedies;
if we are unable to successfully manage the risks associated with expanding our global business or adequately manage operational fluctuations internationally, the risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
we are subject to risks relating to acquisitions and joint ventures, and risks relating to the integration of acquired companies, including risks related to the integration of clarcor inc. ("clarcor"), lord corporation ("lord") and exotic metals forming company ("exotic").
we expect to continue our strategy of identifying and acquiring businesses with complementary products and services, and entering into joint ventures, which we believe will enhance our operations and profitability. however, there can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to find suitable businesses to purchase or joint venture opportunities, or that we will be able to acquire such businesses or enter into such joint ventures on acceptable terms. furthermore, there are no assurances that we will be able to avoid acquiring or assuming unexpected liabilities. if we are unable to avoid these risks, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.
in addition, we may not be able to integrate successfully any businesses that we purchase into our existing business and it is possible that any acquired businesses or joint ventures may not be profitable. for example, we have devoted significant management attention and resources to integrating the business and operations of clarcor, lord and exotic. we may encounter, or have encountered, the following difficulties during the integration process:
•   the consequences of a change in tax treatment, including the cost of integration and compliance and the possibility that the full benefits anticipated to result from the acquisitions may not be realized;
•   the ability to retain key employees;
•   the ability to create and enforce uniform standards, controls, procedures, policies, and information systems;
•   challenges of integrating complex systems, technologies, networks, and other assets of the acquired companies in a manner that minimizes any adverse impact or disruptions to customers, suppliers, employees, and other constituencies; and
•   unknown liabilities and unforeseen increased expenses or delays associated with the integration beyond current estimates.
the successful integration of new businesses and the success of joint ventures also depend on our ability to manage these new businesses and cut excess costs. if we are unable to avoid these risks, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.
our results may be adversely affected if expanded operations from the acquisition of clarcor, lord and exotic are not effectively managed.
our recent acquisitions have greatly expanded the size and complexity of our business. our future success depends, in part, on the ability to manage this expanded business, which may pose or has posed substantial challenges for management, including challenges related to the management and monitoring of the expanded global operations and new manufacturing processes and products, and the associated costs and complexity. there can be no assurance of successful management of these matters or that we will realize the expected benefits of the acquisitions.
we regularly execute organizational changes such as acquisitions, divestitures and realignments to support our growth and cost management strategies. we also engage in initiatives aimed to increase productivity, efficiencies and cash flow and to reduce costs. the company commits significant resources to identify, develop and retain key employees to ensure uninterrupted leadership and direction. if we are unable to successfully manage these and other organizational changes, the ability to complete such activities and realize anticipated synergies or cost savings as well as our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. we cannot offer assurances that any of these initiatives will be beneficial to the extent anticipated, or that the estimated efficiency improvements, incremental cost savings or cash flow improvements will be realized as anticipated or at all.
increased cybersecurity threats and more sophisticated and targeted computer crime could pose a risk to our information technology systems.
we rely extensively on information technology systems to manage and operate our business, some of which are managed by third parties. the security and functionality of these information technology systems, and the processing of data by these systems, are critical to our business operations. if these systems, or any part of the systems, are damaged, intruded upon, attacked, shutdown or cease to function properly (whether by planned upgrades, force majeure, telecommunications failures, hardware or software break-ins or viruses, or other cybersecurity incidents) and we suffer any resulting interruption in our ability to manage and operate our business or if our products are affected, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, certain of our employees have transitioned to working from home, which may increase our vulnerability to cyber and other information technology risks. in addition to existing risks, any adoption or deployment of new technologies via acquisitions or internal initiatives may increase our exposure to risks, breaches, or failures, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. furthermore, the company may have access to sensitive, confidential, or personal data or information that may be subject to privacy and security laws, regulations, or other contractually-imposed controls. despite our use of reasonable and appropriate controls, material security breaches, theft, misplaced, lost or corrupted data, programming, or employee errors and/or malfeasance could lead to the compromise or improper use of such sensitive, confidential, or personal data or information, resulting in possible negative consequences, such as fines, penalties, loss of reputation, competitiveness or customers, or other negative consequences resulting in adverse impacts to our results of operations or financial condition.
changes in the demand for and supply of our products may adversely affect our financial results, financial condition and cash flow.
•   changes in business relationships with and purchases by or from major customers, suppliers or distributors, including delays or cancellations in shipments, disputes regarding contract terms or significant changes in financial condition, and changes in contract cost and revenue estimates for new development programs, including changes as a result of the covid-19 pandemic;
•   increased competition in the markets we serve;
•   fluctuations in the availability or the prices of raw materials; and
the development of new products and technologies requires substantial investment and is required to remain competitive in the markets we serve. if we are unable to successfully introduce new commercial products, our profitability could be adversely affected.
the markets we serve are characterized by rapidly changing technologies and frequent introductions of new products and services. our ability to develop new products based on technological innovation can affect our competitive position and often requires the investment of significant resources. if we cannot develop, or have difficulties or delays developing new and enhanced products and services, or if we fail to gain market or regulatory acceptance of new products and technologies, our revenues may be materially reduced and our competitive position could be materially adversely affected. in addition, we may invest in research and development of products and services, or in acquisitions or other investments, that do not lead to significant revenue, which could adversely affect our profitability.
our supply of raw materials could be interrupted for a variety of reasons, including availability and pricing. furthermore, changes to united states and other countries' tariff and import/export regulations have in the past and may in the future have a negative impact on the availability and pricing of raw materials. prices for raw materials necessary for production have fluctuated significantly in the past and significant increases could adversely affect our results of operations and profit margins. our efforts to manage these fluctuations by, among other things, passing along price increases to our customers, may be subject to a time delay between the increased raw material prices and our ability to increase the price of our products, or we may be unable to increase the prices of our products due to pricing pressure, contract terms or other factors. any such inability to manage fluctuations could adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows.
our suppliers of component parts may significantly and quickly increase their prices in response to increases in costs of raw materials that they use to manufacture the component parts. as a result, we may not be able to increase our prices commensurately with our increased costs. consequently, our results of operations or financial condition could be materially adversely affected.
changes in the competitive environment in which we operate may eliminate any competitive advantages that we currently have, which could adversely impact our business.
our operations are subject to competition from a wide variety of global, regional and local competitors, which could adversely affect our results of operations by creating downward pricing pressure and/or a decline in our margins or market shares. to compete successfully, we must excel in terms of product quality and innovation, technological and engineering capability, manufacturing and distribution capability, delivery, price competitiveness, and customer experience.
litigation and legal and regulatory proceedings against the company could decrease our liquidity, impair our financial condition and adversely affect our results of operations.
from time to time, we are subject to litigation or other commercial disputes and other legal and regulatory proceedings relating to our business. due to the inherent uncertainties of any litigation, commercial disputes or other legal or regulatory proceedings, we cannot accurately predict their ultimate outcome, including the outcome of any related appeals. an unfavorable outcome could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. furthermore, as required by u.s. generally accepted accounting principles, we establish reserves based on our assessment of contingencies, including contingencies related to legal claims asserted against us. subsequent developments in legal proceedings may affect our assessment and estimates of the loss contingency recorded as a reserve and require us to make payments in excess of our reserves, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
we are subject to national and international laws and regulations, such as the anti-corruption laws of the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and the u.k. bribery act, relating to our business and our employees. despite our policies, procedures and compliance programs, our internal controls and compliance systems may not be able to protect the company from prohibited acts willfully committed by our employees, agents or business partners that would violate such applicable laws and regulations. any such improper acts could damage the company's reputation, subject us to civil or criminal judgments, fines or penalties, and could otherwise disrupt the company's business, and as a result, could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
further, our operations are subject to certain antitrust and competition laws in the jurisdictions in which we conduct our business, in particular the united states and europe. these laws prohibit, among other things, anticompetitive agreements and practices. if any of our commercial agreements or practices are found to violate or infringe such laws, we may be subject to civil and other penalties. we may also be subject to third-party claims for damages. further, agreements that infringe antitrust and competition laws may be void and unenforceable, in whole or in part, or require modification in order to be lawful and enforceable. accordingly, any violation of these laws could harm our reputation and could have a material adverse effect on our earnings, cash flows and financial condition.
additional liabilities relating to changes in tax rates or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could adversely impact our financial condition and cash flow.
we are subject to income taxes in the u.s. and various non-u.s. jurisdictions. our domestic and international tax liabilities are dependent upon the location of earnings among these different jurisdictions. our future results of operation could be adversely affected by changes in effective tax rate as a result of changes in tax laws and judicial or regulatory interpretation thereof, the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in overall profitability, changes in generally accepted accounting principles, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets or changes in tax laws or regulations. in addition, the amount of income taxes paid by the company is subject to ongoing audits by u.s. federal, state and local tax authorities and by non-u.s. tax authorities. if these audits result in assessments different from amounts reserved, future financial results may include unfavorable adjustments to the company's tax liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations.
due to the nature of our business and products, we may be liable for damages based on product liability claims.
our businesses expose us to potential product liability risks that are inherent in the design, manufacture and sale of our products and the products of third-party vendors that we use or resell. significant product liability claims could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. although we currently maintain what we believe to be suitable and adequate product liability insurance, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our insurance on acceptable terms or that our insurance will provide adequate protection against all potential significant liabilities.
failure to protect our intellectual property and know-how could reduce or eliminate any competitive advantage and reduce our sales and profitability, and the cost of protecting our intellectual property may be significant.
protecting our intellectual property is critical to our innovation efforts. we own a number of patents, trade secrets, copyrights, trademarks, trade names and other forms of intellectual property related to our products and services throughout the world and the operation of our business. we also have exclusive and non-exclusive rights to intellectual property owned by others. our intellectual property may be challenged, stolen or otherwise infringed upon by third parties or we may be unable to maintain, renew or enter into new license agreements with third-party owners of intellectual property on reasonable terms. in addition, the global nature of our business increases the risk that our intellectual property may be subject to infringement, theft or other unauthorized use or disclosure by others. in some cases, our ability to protect our intellectual property rights by legal recourse or otherwise may be limited, particularly in countries where laws or enforcement practices are inadequate or undeveloped. unauthorized use or disclosure of our intellectual property rights or our inability to protect intellectual property and preserve associated intellectual property rights could lead to reputational harm and/or adversely impact our competitive position and results of operations.
our indebtedness and restrictive covenants under our credit facilities could limit our operational and financial flexibility.
we have incurred significant indebtedness, and may incur additional debt for acquisitions, operations, research and development and capital expenditures, or for other reasons related to our overall capital deployment strategy. our ability to make interest and scheduled principal payments and meet restrictive covenants could be adversely impacted by changes in the availability, terms and cost of capital, changes in interest rates or changes in our credit ratings or our outlook. these changes could increase our cost of financing and limit our debt capacity, thereby limiting our ability to pursue acquisition opportunities, react to market conditions and meet operational and capital needs, which may place us at a competitive disadvantage.
we have goodwill recorded on our balance sheet. goodwill is not amortized, but is tested for impairment annually in the second quarter or more often if events or changes in circumstances indicate a potential impairment may exist. factors that could indicate that our goodwill is impaired include a decline in our stock price and market capitalization, lower than projected operating results and cash flows, and slower growth rates in our industry. declines in our stock price, lower operating results and any decline in industry conditions in the future could increase the risk of impairment. impairment testing incorporates our estimates of future operating results and cash flows, estimates of allocations of certain assets and cash flows among reporting units, estimates of future growth rates, and our judgment regarding the applicable discount rates used on estimated operating results and cash flows. if we determine at a future time that further impairment exists, it may result in a significant non-cash charge to earnings and lower stockholders' equity.
we may be required to make material expenditures in order to comply with environmental laws and climate change regulations, or incur additional liabilities under these laws and regulations.
our operations necessitate the use and handling of hazardous materials and, as a result, subject us to various u.s. federal, state and local laws and regulations, as well as non-u.s. laws, designed to protect the environment and to regulate the discharge of materials into the environment. these laws impose penalties, fines and other sanctions for non-compliance and liability for response costs, property damages and personal injury resulting from past and current spills, disposals or other releases of, or the exposure to, hazardous materials. among other laws, we are subject to the u.s. federal "superfund" law, under which we have been designated as a "potentially responsible party" and may be liable for clean-up costs associated with various waste sites, some of which are on the united states environmental protection agency's superfund priority list. we could incur substantial costs as a result of non-compliance with or liability for cleanup or other costs or damages under environmental laws, including the "superfund" law.
in addition, increased worldwide focus on climate change issues has led to legislative and regulatory efforts to limit greenhouse gas emissions, including regulation of such emissions through a "cap-and-trade" system globally. increased regulation of greenhouse gas emissions and other climate change concerns could subject us to additional costs and restrictions, including increased energy and raw material costs. until definitive regulations are adopted, we are not able to predict how such regulations would affect our business, operations or financial results.
we may be subject to other more stringent environmental laws in the future. if more stringent environmental laws are enacted in the future, these laws could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
increasing costs of certain employee and retiree benefits could adversely affect our liability for such benefits.
the funding requirements and the amount of expenses recorded for our defined benefit pension plans are dependent on changes in market interest rates and the value of plan assets, which are dependent on actual plan asset returns. significant changes in market interest rates and decreases in the fair value of plan assets and investment losses on plan assets would increase funding requirements and expenses and may adversely impact our results of operations.
the company absorbs a portion of healthcare costs for its employees. if healthcare costs rise significantly and we continue to absorb the majority of these costs, these increasing costs may adversely impact our future results of operations.
as a provider of products to the u.s. government, we are subject to additional risks related to future government spending as well as unusual performance conditions and enhanced compliance risks.
in addition to the risks identified herein, doing business with the u.s. government subjects us to unusual risks, including dependence on the level of government spending and compliance with and changes in governmental acquisition regulations. agreements relating to the sale of products to government entities may be subject to termination, reduction or modification, either at the convenience of the government or for our failure to perform, or other unsatisfactory performance under the applicable contract. we are subject to government investigations of our business practices and compliance with government acquisition regulations. if the company were charged with wrongdoing as a result of any such investigation, it could be suspended from bidding on or receiving awards of new government contracts, and we could be subject to fines or penalties associated with contract non-compliance or resulting from such investigations, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
forward-looking statements forward-looking statements contained in this and other written and oral reports are made based on known events and circumstances at the time of release, and as such, are subject in the future to unforeseen uncertainties and risks. all statements regarding future performance, earnings projections, events or developments are forward-looking statements. it is possible that the future performance and earnings projections of the company, including its individual segments, may differ materially from current expectations, depending on economic conditions within its mobile, industrial and aerospace markets, and the company's ability to maintain and achieve anticipated benefits associated with announced realignment activities, strategic initiatives to improve operating margins, actions taken to combat the effects of the current economic environment, and growth, innovation and global diversification initiatives. additionally, the actual impact of changes in tax laws in the united states and foreign jurisdictions and any judicial or regulatory interpretations thereof on future performance and earnings projections may impact the company's tax calculations. a change in the economic conditions in individual markets may have a particularly volatile effect on segment performance.
•   global economic and political factors, including the impact of the global outbreak of covid-19 and governmental and other actions taken in response, manufacturing activity, air travel trends, currency exchange rates and monetary policy, trade policy and tariffs, difficulties entering new markets and general economic conditions such as inflation, deflation, interest rates and credit availability, as well as uncertainties associated with the timing and conditions surrounding the return to service of the boeing 737 max;
•   our ability to identify acceptable strategic acquisition targets; uncertainties surrounding timing, successful completion or integration of acquisitions and similar transactions, including the integrations of clarcor, lord and emfco holdings incorporated, parent company of exotic; and our ability to successfully divest businesses planned for divestiture and realize the anticipated benefits of such divestitures;
•   our ability to effectively manage expanded operations from the acquisitions of clarcor, lord and exotic;
•   the determination to undertake business realignment activities and the expected costs thereof and, if undertaken, the ability to complete such activities and realize the anticipated cost savings from such activities;
•   increased cybersecurity threats and sophisticated computer crime;
•   business relationships with and purchases by or from major customers, suppliers or distributors, including delays or cancellations in shipments;
•   availability, limitations or cost increases of raw materials, component products and/or commodities that cannot be recovered in product pricing;
•   disputes regarding contract terms or significant changes in financial condition, changes in contract cost and revenue estimates for new development programs, and changes in product mix;
•   additional liabilities relating to changes in tax rates or exposure to additional income tax liabilities;
•   potential product liability risks;
•   our ability to enter into, own, renew and maintain intellectual property and know-how;
•   compliance costs associated with environmental laws and climate change regulations;
•   our ability to manage costs related to insurance and employee retirement and health care benefits;
•   compliance with federal rules, regulations, audits and investigations associated with being a provider of products to the united states government; and
•   our ability to implement successfully the company's capital allocation initiatives, including timing, price and execution of share repurchases.
the company makes these statements as of the date of the filing of its annual report on form 10-k for the year ended june 30, 2020, and undertakes no obligation to update them unless otherwise required by law.
our order rates provide a near-term perspective of the company's outlook particularly when viewed in the context of prior and future order rates. the company publishes its order rates on a quarterly basis. the lead time between the time an order is received and revenue is realized generally ranges from one day to 12 weeks for mobile and industrial orders and from one day to 18 months for aerospace orders. we believe the leading economic indicators of these markets that have a correlation to the company's future order rates are as follows:
•   purchasing managers index ("pmi") on manufacturing activity specific to regions around the world with respect to most mobile and industrial markets;
•   global aircraft miles flown and global revenue passenger miles for commercial aerospace markets and department of defense spending for military aerospace markets; and
•   housing starts with respect to the north american residential air conditioning market and certain mobile construction markets.
a pmi above 50 indicates that the manufacturing activity specific to a region of the world in the mobile and industrial markets is expanding. a pmi below 50 indicates the opposite. recent pmi levels for some regions around the world were as follows:
united states          52.6                    49.1                    50.6
global aircraft miles flown decreased by approximately 45 percent and global revenue passenger miles decreased by approximately 52 percent from their comparable 2019 levels. the company anticipates that u.s. department of defense spending with regard to appropriations and operations and maintenance for the u.s. government's fiscal year 2020 will increase by approximately two percent from its fiscal 2019 level.
during 2020, the world health organization declared the recent outbreak covid-19 a pandemic. given the unpredictable nature of covid-19's impact on the global economy, the statistics included above may not be reflective of recent or future activity.
we are actively monitoring the impact of the covid-19 outbreak, which has negatively impacted, and we expect will continue to negatively impact, our business and results of operations. disruption within the aerospace industry, which is facing the consequences of travel restrictions and considerably lower demand, was significant and is expected to continue. the ultimate extent to which our business and results of operations will be impacted by the outbreak will depend largely on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be accurately predicted at this time, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the outbreak and actions by government authorities to contain the outbreak or mitigate its economic, public health and other impacts.
we took immediate and aggressive action to minimize the spread of covid-19 in our workplaces and are taking measures to preserve cash and reduce costs, including but not limited to, global salary reductions, reduced work schedules, elimination of discretionary spending, targeted restructuring and limiting capital expenditures to safety-related issues and strategic investments. at the same time, we are appropriately addressing the ongoing needs of our business so that we may continue to serve our customers.
in the long-term, we believe many opportunities for profitable growth are available. the company intends to focus primarily on business opportunities in the areas of energy, water, food, environment, defense, life sciences, infrastructure and transportation.
•   serving the customer and continuously enhancing its experience with the company;
•   successfully executing the win strategy initiatives relating to engaged people, premier customer experience, profitable growth and financial performance;
•   engineering innovative systems and products to provide superior customer value through improved service, efficiency and productivity;
•   creating a culture of empowerment through our values, inclusion and diversity, accountability and teamwork.
acquisitions will be considered from time to time to the extent there is a strong strategic fit, while at the same time maintaining the company's strong financial position. during 2020, the company completed the lord and exotic acquisitions, which are further discussed in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
we continue to assess our existing businesses and may initiate efforts to divest businesses that are not considered to be a good long-term strategic fit for the company. future business divestitures could have a negative effect on the company's results of operations.
the discussion below is structured to separately discuss the financial statements presented in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k. the term "year" and references to specific years refer to the applicable fiscal year. discussion of the 2018 financial statements is included in part ii, item 7 of the company's 2019 annual report on form 10-k.
gross profit margin                                                            24.9   %            25.3   %
net sales in 2020 decreased from the 2019 amount due to lower volume in all segments, partially offset by an increase in sales from acquisitions made within the last 12 months of $949 million. the effect of currency rate changes decreased net sales in 2020 by approximately $167 million, of which $152 million was attributable to the diversified industrial international operations.
gross profit margin (calculated as net sales less cost of sales, divided by net sales) decreased slightly in 2020. lower volume and current-year acquisition-related expenses of $69 million were partially offset by lower operating costs resulting from current and prior-year business realignment, acquisition integration and simplification activities, lower raw material costs and favorable product mix. additionally, cost of sales included business realignment and acquisition integration charges of $60 million in 2020 compared to $15 million in 2019. gross profit margin in 2020 benefited from a foreign currency transaction gain of $10 million compared to a loss of $6 million in 2019.
selling, general and administrative expenses ("sg&a") increased seven percent in 2020 primarily due to acquisition-related transaction costs of $119 million in the current year compared to $17 million in 2019 and higher intangible asset amortization expense related to the lord and exotic acquisitions. sg&a also included business realignment and acquisition integration charges of $38 million and $13 million in 2020 and 2019, respectively. these expenses were partially offset by a net benefit associated with the company's deferred compensation plan and related investments. additionally, sg&a benefited from lower discretionary spending and wage and salary expense as a result of actions taken in response to the current business conditions resulting from the covid-19 outbreak.
income related to equity method investments                $(75   )          $(93   )
non-service components of retirement benefit cost            49                40
other items, net                                            (10   )            10
(gain) loss on disposal of assets in 2020 and 2019 includes gains on the sale of real estate of $12 million and $11 million, respectively, with the remainder relating to net losses on divestitures and asset sales and writedowns.
effective tax rate in 2020 was lower than 2019 primarily due to favorable one-time adjustments that were recorded in the current year as a result of a favorable foreign audit settlement.
business segment information the business segment information presents sales and operating income on a basis that is consistent with the manner in which the company's various businesses are managed for internal review and decision-making.
acquisitions                                                                      6.0   %
diversified industrial north america - without acquisitions and currency        (11.0   )%
acquisitions                                                                      4.1   %
diversified industrial international - without acquisitions and currency        (10.9   )%
acquisitions                                                                      5.2   %
total diversified industrial segment - without acquisitions and currency        (11.0   )%
the above presentation reconciles the percentage changes in net sales of the diversified industrial segment reported in accordance with u.s. gaap to percentage changes in net sales adjusted to remove the effects of acquisitions made within the prior four fiscal quarters as well as the effects of currency exchange rates (a non-gaap measure). the effects of acquisitions and currency exchange rates are removed to allow investors and the company to meaningfully evaluate the percentage changes in net sales on a comparable basis from period to period.
sales in 2020 for the diversified industrial north american operations decreased 5.2 percent from 2019. acquisitions increased sales by $408 million, and the effect of currency exchange rates decreased sales by approximately $13 million. excluding acquisitions and the effect of currency rate changes, sales in 2020 for the diversified industrial north american operations decreased 11.0 percent from prior-year levels reflecting lower demand from distributors and end users in virtually all markets, including the construction equipment, cars and light truck, heavy-duty truck, engines, refrigeration and general industrial machinery markets. this decrease was partially offset by an increase in end-user demand in the life sciences market.
sales in the diversified industrial international operations decreased 9.9 percent in 2020. acquisitions increased sales by approximately $203 million in 2020. the effect of currency rate changes decreased sales by $152 million, reflecting the strengthening of the u.s. dollar primarily against currencies in the eurozone countries, china, brazil, and south korea. excluding acquisitions and the effect of currency rate changes, sales in 2020 for the diversified industrial international operations decreased 10.9 percent from 2019 levels primarily due to lower demand from distributors and end users in both the mobile and industrial markets. during 2020, europe, the asia pacific region, and latin america accounted for approximately 68 percent, 28 percent, and four percent, respectively, of the decrease in sales.
within europe, the decrease in sales was primarily due to lower demand from distributors and end users in the construction equipment, general industrial machinery, machine tool, heavy-duty truck and cars and light truck markets.
within the asia pacific region, the decrease in sales was primarily due to lower demand from distributors as well as end users in the construction equipment, railroad equipment, telecommunications and machine tool markets. this decrease was partially offset by an increase in end-user demand in the semiconductor, mining and engine markets.
operating margins in 2020 decreased in both the diversified industrial north american and international operations primarily due to lower sales volume, acquisition-related expenses, higher intangible asset amortization expense, and higher business realignment and acquisition integration costs. these costs were partially offset by lower discretionary spending, lower wage and salary expense, favorable product mix, lower raw material costs, benefits from current-year and prior-year business realignment and simplification actions, and prior-year pricing actions.
the following business realignment and acquisition integration charges are included in diversified industrial north america and diversified industrial international operating income:
the business realignment charges consist primarily of severance and plant closure costs related to actions taken under the company's simplification initiative aimed at reducing organizational and process complexity, which is being implemented by its operating units throughout the world. current-year acquisition integration charges relate to the lord acquisition. prior-year acquisition integration charges relate to the 2017 acquisition of clarcor. during 2020, business realignment charges also include permanent workforce reductions to address the impact of covid-19 on our business. the majority of the diversified industrial international business realignment and acquisition integration charges were incurred in europe. we anticipate that cost savings realized from the workforce reduction measures taken during 2020 will increase operating income for 2021 by approximately five percent in the diversified industrial north american operations and by approximately two percent in the diversified industrial international operations. in 2021, we expect to continue to take actions necessary to structure appropriately the operations of the diversified industrial segment. these actions are expected to result in approximately $53 million in business realignment charges in 2021. however, continually changing business conditions could impact the ultimate costs we incur.
the increase in diversified industrial segment backlog in 2020 was primarily due to the current-year acquisition of lord, partially offset by shipments exceeding orders in both the north american and international businesses. within the international business, this decrease in backlog was primarily related to shipments exceeding orders in both europe and latin america, partially offset by orders exceeding shipments in the asia pacific region. backlog consists of written firm orders from a customer to deliver products and, in the case of blanket purchase orders, only includes the portion of the order for which a schedule or release date has been agreed to with the customer. the dollar value of backlog is equal to the amount that is expected to be billed to the customer and reported as a sale.
sales in 2020 were higher than the 2019 level primarily due to $338 million of sales from current-year acquisitions and higher volume in the military oem and aftermarket businesses, partially offset by lower volume in the commercial oem and aftermarket businesses.
operating margin decreased in 2020 primarily due to lower sales volume in the commercial oem and aftermarket businesses, unfavorable product mix, acquisition-related expenses, higher intangible asset amortization expense and current-year business realignment and acquisition integration charges of $24 million. the halt in production of the boeing 737 max also contributed to lower operating margin during 2020. these expenses were partially offset by lower engineering development expenses, lower discretionary spending and savings from the current-year business realignment and acquisition integration actions.
as a result of the disruption in the aerospace industry due to the covid-19 pandemic, we expect to continue to take the actions necessary to structure appropriately the operations of the aerospace systems segment. these actions are expected to result in approximately $12 million of business realignment charges in 2021. however, continually changing business conditions could impact the ultimate costs we incur. we anticipate that cost savings realized from the workforce reduction measures taken during 2020 will increase operating income for 2021 by approximately 13 percent.
the increase in backlog in 2020 was primarily due to the addition of exotic backlog in the current year and orders exceeding shipments in the military oem and aftermarket businesses, partially offset by shipments exceeding orders in the commercial oem and aftermarket businesses. backlog consists of written firm orders from a customer to deliver products and, in the case of blanket purchase orders, only includes the portion of the order for which a schedule or release date has been agreed to with the customer. the dollar value of backlog is equal to the amount that is expected to be billed to the customer and reported as a sale.
corporate general and administrative expenses decreased in 2020 primarily due to a net benefit related to the company's deferred compensation plan and related investments. additionally, corporate general and administrative expenses benefited from lower discretionary spending and wage and salary expense as a result of actions taken in response to the current business conditions resulting from the covid-19 outbreak.
acquisition expenses                                   119                17
divestitures and asset sales and writedowns, net        (1   )            11
other items, net                                       (13   )            25
foreign currency transaction primarily relates to the impact of changes in foreign exchange rates on cash, marketable securities and other investments and intercompany transactions. acquisition expenses relate to the acquisitions of lord and exotic.
consolidated balance sheet the consolidated balance sheet shows the company's financial position at year end, compared with the previous year end. this discussion provides information to assist in assessing factors such as the company's liquidity and financial resources.
notes payable and long-term debt payable within one year             810             587
shareholders' equity                                               6,114           5,962
working capital                                                   $1,737          $4,521
cash (comprised of cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities and other investments) includes $726 million and $975 million held by the company's foreign subsidiaries at june 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively. the company has determined it will no longer permanently reinvest certain foreign earnings. the distribution of these earnings could result in non-federal u.s. or foreign taxes. all other undistributed foreign earnings remain permanently reinvested. refer to note 5 to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further discussion.
inventories as of june 30, 2020 increased by $136 million (which includes an increase of $363 million from acquisitions and a decrease of $26 million from the effect of foreign currency translation). after consideration of the effects of acquisitions and foreign currency translation, inventories decreased primarily due to a decrease in the diversified industrial segment, partially offset by an increase in the aerospace systems segment. days supply of inventory on hand was 89 days in 2020 and 69 days in 2019.
intangible assets, net and goodwill increased from 2019 primarily due to the current-year acquisitions of lord and exotic. refer to note 3 to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further discussion.
notes payable and long-term debt payable within one year increased from 2019 primarily due to higher commercial paper notes outstanding of which a portion was used to finance the purchase of the lord and exotic acquisitions. refer to note 9 to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further discussion.
long-term debt increased from 2019 primarily due to outstanding term loans related to the acquisition of lord and exotic. refer to note 10 to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further discussion.
shareholders' equity activity during 2020 included a decrease of $147 million related to share repurchases, a decrease of $318 million related to pensions and postretirement benefits resulting from net actuarial losses due to a decrease in discount rates and a decrease of $182 million related to foreign currency translation adjustments.
consolidated statement of cash flows the consolidated statement of cash flows reflects cash inflows and outflows from the company's operating, investing and financing activities.
operating activities                                          $2,071              $1,730
investing activities                                          (5,024   )            (219   )
financing activities                                             449                 902
cash flows from operating activities in 2020 reflects a decrease in net income of $306 million and an increase of $327 million from cash provided by working capital items. the company also made a discretionary cash contribution to the company's domestic qualified defined benefit plan of $200 million in 2019.
cash flows from investing activities in 2020 includes $5,076 million of acquisition-related activity for lord and exotic. it also includes $121 million of proceeds from the redemption of company-owned life insurance investments associated with the company's deferred compensation programs as well proceeds of $44 million related to the settlement of a cross currency swap.
cash flows from financing activities includes proceeds from the $925 million and $800 million term loans related to the acquisition of exotic and lord, respectively.  it also includes repayment of long-term debt of approximately $740 million, of which approximately $221 million relates to acquired lord debt. refer to note 10 to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further discussion. the company repurchased 0.8 million common shares for $147 million during 2020 compared to the repurchase of 4.8 million common shares for $800 million in 2019.
our goal is to maintain a strong investment-grade credit profile. the rating agencies periodically update our credit ratings as events occur. at june 30, 2020, the long-term credit ratings assigned to the company's senior debt securities by the credit rating agencies engaged by the company were as follows:
fitch ratings                     bbb+
during 2020, we have taken several meaningful measures to strengthen our liquidity position in light of the covid-19 pandemic, including limiting capital expenditures to safety-related issues and strategic investments, the suspension of our share repurchase program and other cost reduction efforts. although we cannot reasonably estimate the duration of the pandemic or its impact on our business, we believe these measures, as well as access to committed credit under our credit agreement, position the company well to manage through the current economic uncertainty and capitalize on our position as the global leader in motion and control technologies as the economy recovers.
during 2020, the company amended and extended its existing multi-currency credit agreement, increasing its capacity to $2,500 million. as of june 30, 2020, the company had $1,777 million available for borrowing under the credit agreement. the credit agreement expires in september 2024; however, the company has the right to request a one-year extension of the expiration date on an annual basis, which request may result in changes to the current terms and conditions of the credit agreement. advances from the credit agreement can be used for general corporate purposes, including acquisitions, and for the refinancing of existing indebtedness. the credit agreement requires the payment of an annual facility fee, the amount of which is dependent upon the company's credit ratings. although a lowering of the company's credit ratings would increase the cost of future debt, it would not limit the company's ability to use the credit agreement nor would it accelerate the repayment of any outstanding borrowings. refer to note 9 to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further discussion.
the company's credit agreements and indentures governing certain debt securities contain various covenants, the violation of which would limit or preclude the use of the credit agreements for future borrowings, or might accelerate the maturity of the related outstanding borrowings covered by the indentures. based on the company's rating level at june 30, 2020, the most restrictive financial covenant provides that the ratio of debt to debt-shareholders' equity cannot exceed 0.65 to 1.0. at june 30, 2020, the company's debt to debt-shareholders' equity ratio was 0.58 to 1.0. we are in compliance and expect to remain in compliance with all covenants set forth in the credit agreement and indentures.
contractual obligations - the total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits, including interest, for uncertain tax positions was $101 million at june 30, 2020. payment of these obligations would result from settlements with worldwide taxing authorities. due to the difficulty in determining the timing of the settlements, these obligations are not included in the following summary of the company's fixed contractual obligations. references to notes are to the notes to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
(dollars in millions)                                                                                                                                                                   payments due by period contractual obligations                                                                      total              less than 1 year             1-3 years             3-5 years             more than 5 years transition tax payments related to u.s. tax cuts and jobs act ("tcj act") (note 5)            $176                            $-                   $12                   $96                           $68
retirement benefits (note 12)                                                                  118                            77                    11                    10                            20
critical accounting policies the preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. the policies discussed below are considered by management to be more critical than other policies because their application places the most significant demands on management's judgment.
revenue recognition - revenues are recognized when control of performance obligations, which are distinct goods or services within the contract, is transferred to the customer. control is transferred when the customer has the ability to direct the use of and obtain the benefits from the goods or services. a majority of our revenues are recognized at a point in time when control is transferred to the customer, which is generally at the time of shipment. however, a portion of our revenues are recognized over time if the customer simultaneously receives control as we perform work under a contract, if the customer controls the asset as it is being produced, or if the product has no alternative use and we have a contractual right to payment.
for contracts where revenue is recognized over time, we use the cost-to-cost, efforts expended or units of delivery method depending on the nature of the contract, including length of production time. the estimation of these costs and efforts expended requires judgment on the part of management due to the duration of the contractual agreements as well as the technical nature of the products involved. adjustments to these estimates are made on a consistent basis and a contract reserve is established when the estimated costs to complete a contract exceed the expected contract revenues.
when there are multiple performance obligations within a contract, the transaction price is allocated to each performance obligation based on its standalone selling price. the primary method used to estimate a standalone selling price is the price observed in standalone sales to customers for the same product or service. revenue is recognized when control of the individual performance obligations is transferred to the customer.
impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets - we test goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level on an annual basis and between annual tests whenever events or circumstances indicate the carrying value of a reporting unit may exceed its fair value. our six reporting units are equivalent to our operating segments. as quoted market prices are not available for our reporting units, determining whether an impairment occurred requires the valuation of the respective reporting unit, which is estimated using both income-based and market-based valuation methods. the income-based valuation method utilizes a discounted cash flow model which requires several assumptions, including future sales growth and operating margin levels as well as assumptions regarding future industry-specific market conditions. each reporting unit regularly prepares discrete operating forecasts and uses these forecasts as the basis for the assumptions in the discounted cash flow analysis. within the discounted cash flow models, the company uses a discount rate, commensurate with its cost of capital but adjusted for inherent business risks, and an appropriate terminal growth factor. the market-based valuation performed for each reporting unit includes an analysis consisting of market-adjusted multiples based on key data points for guideline public companies. we also reconcile the estimated aggregate fair value of our reporting units resulting from these procedures to our overall market capitalization.
at december 31, 2019, the company performed its annual goodwill impairment test for each of its six reporting units. the results of this test indicated the fair value substantially exceeded carrying value for all reporting units. we continually monitor our reporting units for impairment indicators and update assumptions used in the most recent calculation of the fair value of a reporting unit as appropriate. we did not identify any events or circumstances during 2020 that required performance of an interim impairment test. however, the effects of covid-19 on the global economy, including further market disruption, lack of economic recovery or lower than anticipated customer demand, may require the performance of additional goodwill impairment tests, and the estimated fair value of certain reporting units could fall below their carrying value.
long-lived assets held for use, which primarily includes finite-lived intangible assets and plant and equipment, are evaluated for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the undiscounted net cash flows to be generated by their use over their expected useful lives and eventual disposition are less than their carrying value. the long-term nature of these assets requires the estimation of their cash inflows and outflows several years into the future and only takes into consideration technological advances known at the time of the impairment test. during 2020, the company did not record any material impairment related to long-lived assets.
pensions - the annual net periodic expense and benefit obligations related to the company's defined benefit plans are determined on an actuarial basis. this determination requires critical assumptions regarding the discount rate, long-term rate of return on plan assets, increases in compensation levels and amortization periods for actuarial gains and losses. assumptions are determined based on company data and appropriate market indicators and are evaluated each year as of the plans' measurement date. changes in the assumptions to reflect actual experience as well as the amortization of actuarial gains and losses could result in a material change in the annual net periodic expense and benefit obligations reported in the financial statements.
for the company's domestic qualified defined benefit plan, a 50 basis point change in the assumed long-term rate of return on plan assets is estimated to have a $17 million effect on annual pension expense and a 50 basis point decrease in the discount rate is estimated to increase annual pension expense by $28 million. as of june 30, 2020, $1,456 million of past years' net actuarial losses related to the company's domestic qualified defined benefit plan are subject to amortization in the future. these losses will generally be amortized over approximately seven years and will negatively affect earnings in the future. any actuarial gains experienced in future years will help reduce the effect of the net actuarial loss amortization. further information on pensions is provided in note 12 to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
income taxes - significant judgment is required in determining the company's income tax expense and in evaluating tax positions. deferred income tax assets and liabilities have been recorded for the differences between the financial accounting and income tax basis of assets and liabilities. factors considered by the company in determining the probability of realizing deferred income tax assets include forecasted operating earnings, available tax planning strategies and the time period over which the temporary differences will reverse. the company reviews its tax positions on a regular basis and adjusts the balances as new information becomes available. for those tax positions where it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will be sustained, the largest amount of tax benefit with a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being realized upon examination by a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information will be recorded. for those income tax positions where it is not more likely than not that a tax benefit will be sustained, no tax benefit has been recognized in the consolidated financial statements. further information on income taxes is provided in note 5 to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
loss contingencies - the company has a number of loss exposures incurred in the ordinary course of business such as environmental claims, product liability and litigation reserves. establishing loss accruals for these matters requires management's estimate and judgment with regards to risk exposure and ultimate liability or realization. we review these loss accruals periodically and make adjustments to reflect the most recent facts and circumstances.
recently issued accounting pronouncements recently issued accounting pronouncements are described in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.