item 1a. risk factors discussion of our business and operations included in this annual report on form 10-k should be read together with the risk factors set forth below. they describe various risks and uncertainties to which we are, or may become, subject. these risks and uncertainties, together with other factors described elsewhere in this report, have the potential to affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, strategies, or prospects in a material and adverse manner.
risks related to the covid-19 pandemic our business has been materially and adversely disrupted by the present outbreak and worldwide spread of covid-19 and could be materially and adversely disrupted by another epidemic or pandemic, or similar public threat, or fear of such an event, and the measures that international, federal, state and local governments, agencies, law enforcement and/or health authorities implement to address it.
an epidemic, pandemic, or similar serious public health issue, and the measures undertaken by governmental authorities to address it, could significantly disrupt or prevent us from operating our business in the ordinary course for an extended period, and thereby, and/or along with any associated economic and/or social instability or distress, have a significant adverse impact on our consolidated financial statements.
on march 11, 2020, the world health organization characterized the outbreak of covid-19 as a global pandemic and recommended containment and mitigation measures worldwide. on march 13, 2020, the united states declared a national emergency concerning the covid-19 outbreak, and shortly thereafter many states and municipalities also declared public health emergencies. along with these declarations, extraordinary and wide-ranging actions were taken by international, federal, state, and local public health and governmental authorities to contain and combat the outbreak and spread of covid-19 in regions across the united states and the world, including quarantines, "shelter-in-place" orders and similar mandates for many individuals to substantially restrict daily activities and for many businesses to curtail or cease normal operations. for instance, our business was impacted by restrictions on travel, the inability to keep our sales centers open for in-person customer interactions, limits on our ability to continue physical construction of homes and adjustments to many of our other business processes to limit direct interactions.
the severity of these restrictions and the extent of their impact on our operations has varied by market based upon the scope of "shelter in place" orders and public health conditions. while all of the above-referenced steps were necessary and appropriate in light of the covid-19 pandemic, they have impacted our ability to operate our business in its ordinary and traditional course. those restrictions, combined with a reduction in the availability, capacity, and efficiency of municipal and private services necessary to progress land development, homebuilding, mortgage loan originations, and home sales, which in each case varied by market depending on the scope of the restrictions local authorities have established, tempered our sales pace and delayed home construction and deliveries. the inconsistent pace of recovery from the cessation of normal activities in the second quarter of 2020 impacted our ability to start homes in that quarter, which impacts our ability to advance production at typical paces in some markets through the date of this report.
while our operations are now fully functioning, subject to regulated restrictions and safety constraints we have enacted in order to protect our employees, trade contractors, and customers, the current resurgence of the covid pandemic in key areas of our operations may require us to implement restrictions on our operations. the potential magnitude or duration of the business and economic impacts from the unprecedented public health effort to contain and combat the spread of covid-19 are uncertain and could include, among other things, significant volatility in financial markets. the covid-19 public health effort may be intensified to such an extent that we will not be able to conduct any business operations in certain of our served markets or at all for an indefinite period. in addition, efforts by local governments and agencies to lift restrictions on individuals' daily activities and businesses' normal operations may result in a resurgence of a pandemic or epidemic like covid-19 and potentially prolong and intensify the impact of the crisis. despite the development of a vaccine and more effective treatments for the physical impacts of covid-19, there are no reliable estimates of how long the covid-19 pandemic will last, and therefore, the unpredictability of the current economic and public health conditions will continue to evolve.
our business has also been impacted by constraints to the labor and supply chain we rely on to construct our homes. the continuing pandemic has caused our employees and those of our trade partners to miss workdays due to illness or quarantine. in addition, our supply chain has been impacted by similar labor interruptions slowing production capacity and by increased demand on raw materials generated in part by the covid pandemic. the combination of these factors can lead to increased costs and reductions in our production times.
our business could also be negatively impacted over the medium-to-longer term if the disruptions related to covid-19 decrease consumer confidence generally or with respect to purchasing a home; cause civil unrest; precipitate a prolonged economic downturn and/or an extended rise in unemployment or tempering of wage growth, any of which could lower demand for our products, impair our ability to sell and build homes in a typical manner or at all, generate revenues and cash flows, and/or access the capital or lending markets (or significantly increase the costs of doing so), as may be necessary to sustain our business; increase the costs or decrease the supply of building materials or the availability of subcontractors and other talent, including as a result of infections or medically necessary or recommended self-quarantining, or governmental mandates to direct production activities to support public health efforts; and/or result in our recognizing charges in future periods, which may be material, for inventory impairments or land option contract abandonments, or both, related to our current inventory assets. the unprecedented uncertainty surrounding covid-19, due to rapidly changing governmental directives, public health challenges and progress, macroeconomic consequences, and market reactions thereto, also makes it more challenging for our management to estimate the future performance of our business and develop strategies to generate growth or achieve our objectives for 2021 and beyond.
should the adverse impacts described above (or others that are currently unknown) occur, whether individually or collectively, we would expect to experience, among other things, increases in the cancellation rates for homes in our backlog, and decreases in our net orders, homes delivered, revenues, and profitability, as we experienced in the first few weeks of our second quarter of 2020.  such impacts could be material to our consolidated financial statements in future reporting periods. we could also be forced to reduce our average selling prices in order to generate consumer demand or in reaction to competitive pressures. in addition, should the covid-19 public health effort and governmental restrictions in response to the pandemic instensify to such an extent that we cannot operate in most or all of our served markets, we could generate few or no orders and deliver few, if any, homes during the applicable period, which could be prolonged. along with a potential increase in cancellations of home purchase contracts, if there are prolonged government restrictions on our business and our customers, and/or an extended economic recession, we could be unable to produce revenues and cash flows sufficient to conduct our business; meet the terms of our covenants and other requirements under our debt obligations, and/or mortgages and land contracts due to land sellers and other loans; service our outstanding debt; or pay any dividends to our stockholders. such circumstances could, among other things, exhaust our available liquidity (and ability to access liquidity sources) and/or trigger an acceleration to pay a significant portion or all of our then-outstanding debt obligations, which we may be unable to do.
while the economic impact of covid-19 may be reduced by financial assistance under the coronavirus aid, relief, and economic security (cares) act; the consolidated appropriations act, 2021; or other similar covid-19 related federal and state programs, such programs may not be sufficient to have a positive impact on our business.
risks associated with our industry the homebuilding industry is cyclical and a deterioration in industry conditions or downward changes in general economic or other business conditions could adversely affect our business or our financial results.
the residential homebuilding industry is sensitive to changes in economic conditions and other factors, such as the level of employment, consumer confidence, consumer income, availability of financing, and interest rate levels. adverse changes in any of these conditions generally, or in the markets where we operate, could decrease demand and pricing for new homes in these areas or result in customer cancellations of pending contracts, which could adversely affect the number of home deliveries we make or reduce the prices we can charge for homes, either of which could result in a significant decrease in our revenues and earnings that could materially and adversely affect our financial condition.
for example, beginning in 2006 and continuing through 2011, the u.s. housing market was unfavorably impacted by severe weakness in new home sales attributable to, among other factors, weak consumer confidence, tightened mortgage standards, significant foreclosure activity, a more challenging appraisal environment, higher than normal unemployment levels, and significant uncertainty in the global economy. during this period, we incurred significant losses, including impairments of our land inventory and certain other assets, and some aspects of the housing industry have yet to return to pre-2007 production levels.
future increases in interest rates, reductions in mortgage availability, or other increases in the effective costs of owning a home could prevent potential customers from buying our homes and adversely affect our business and financial results.
a large majority of our customers finance their home purchases through mortgage loans, many through pulte mortgage. mortgage interest rates in recent years have been at or near historic lows, thereby making new homes more affordable. increases in interest rates or decreases in the availability of mortgage financing could adversely affect the market for new homes. potential homebuyers may be less willing or able to pay the increased monthly costs resulting from higher interest rates or to obtain mortgage financing. lenders may increase the qualifications needed for mortgages or adjust their terms to address any increased credit risk. even if potential customers do not need financing, changes in interest rates and mortgage availability could make it harder for them to sell their current homes to potential buyers who need financing. these factors could adversely affect the sales or pricing of our homes and could also reduce the volume or margins in our financial services business. our financial services business could also be impacted to the extent we are unable to match interest rates and amounts on loans we have committed to originate through the various hedging strategies we employ. these developments have had, and may continue to have, a material adverse effect on the overall demand for new housing and thereby on the results of operations of our business. for example, during 2018, we experienced lower than expected conversions of traffic to signups, especially among first-time and move-up buyers, beginning in may 2018 when mortgage rates increased.
the liquidity provided by fannie mae and freddie mac to the mortgage industry is also critical to the housing market. the impact of the federal government's conservatorship of fannie mae and freddie mac on the short-term and long-term demand for new housing remains unclear. any limitations or restrictions on the availability of financing by these agencies could adversely affect interest rates, mortgage financing, and our sales of new homes and mortgage loans. additionally, the availability of fha and va mortgage financing is an important factor in marketing some of our homes.
mortgage interest expense and real estate taxes represent significant costs of homeownership, both of which were historically generally deductible for an individual's federal and, in some cases, state income taxes. in december 2017, a law commonly known as the tax cuts and jobs act (the "tax act") was enacted. while the tax act lowered the tax rates applicable to many businesses and individuals, it also, among other things, (i) limits the federal deduction for mortgage interest so that it only applies to the first $750,000 of a new mortgage (as compared to $1 million under previous tax law), (ii) introduced a $10,000 cap on the federal deduction for state and local taxes, including real estate taxes, and (iii) eliminated the federal deduction for interest on certain home equity loans. the tax act also increased the standard deduction for individuals. as a result, fewer individuals are expected to itemize their income tax deductions, which would reduce the income tax advantages associated with homeownership for those individuals. any further changes in income tax law which eliminate or further reduce the income tax benefits associated with home ownership could have an adverse impact on our business.
inflation may result in increased costs that we may not be able to recoup.
inflation can adversely affect us by increasing costs of land, materials, and labor. in addition, significant inflation is often accompanied by higher interest rates, which may have a negative impact on demand for our homes. in an inflationary environment, economic conditions and other market factors may make it difficult for us to raise home prices enough to keep up with the rate of inflation, which would reduce our profit margins. although the rate of inflation has been historically low for the last several years, we currently are experiencing increases in the prices of labor and certain materials above the general inflation rate.
our success depends on our ability to acquire land suitable for residential homebuilding in accordance with our land investment criteria.
the homebuilding industry is highly competitive for suitable land. the availability of finished and partially finished developed lots and undeveloped land for purchase that meet our internal criteria depends on a number of factors outside our control, including land availability in general, competition with other homebuilders and land buyers for desirable property, inflation in land prices, zoning, allowable housing density, and other regulatory requirements. should suitable lots or land become less available, the number of homes we may be able to build and sell could be reduced, and the cost of land could be increased, perhaps substantially, which could adversely impact our results of operations.
our long-term ability to build homes depends on our acquiring land suitable for residential building at reasonable prices in locations where we want to build. we experience significant competition for suitable land as a result of land constraints in many of our markets. as competition for suitable land increases, and as available land is developed, the cost of acquiring suitable remaining land could rise, and the availability of suitable land at acceptable prices may decline. any land shortages or any decrease in the supply of suitable land at reasonable prices could limit our ability to develop new communities or result in increased land costs. we may not be able to pass through to our customers any increased land costs, which could adversely impact our revenues, earnings, and margins.
if the market value of our land drops significantly, our profits could decrease and result in write-downs of the carrying values of land we own.
the market value of land can fluctuate significantly as a result of changing market conditions, and the measures we employ to manage inventory risk may not be adequate to insulate our operations from a severe drop in inventory values. we acquire land for expansion into new markets and for replacement of land inventory and expansion within our current markets. if housing demand decreases below what we anticipated when we acquired our inventory, we may not be able to make profits similar to what we have made in the past, we may experience less than anticipated profits, and/or we may not be able to recover our costs when we sell and build homes. when market conditions are such that land values are not appreciating, land option arrangements previously entered into may become less desirable, at which time we may elect to forego deposits and pre-acquisition costs and terminate the agreement. in the face of adverse market conditions, we may have substantial inventory carrying costs, we may have to write down our inventory to its fair value, and/or we may have to sell land or homes at a loss. at times we have been required to record significant write-downs of the carrying value of our land inventory, and we have elected not to exercise options to purchase land, even though that required us to forfeit deposits and write-off pre-acquisition costs. for example, we incurred land-related charges totaling $20.3 million, $27.1 million, and $99.4 million in 2020, 2019, and 2018, respectively. if market conditions were to deteriorate in the future, we could again be required to record significant write downs to our land inventory, which would decrease the asset values reflected on our balance sheet and materially and adversely affect our earnings and our stockholders' equity.
supply shortages and other risks related to the demand for skilled labor and building materials could increase costs and delay deliveries.
the homebuilding industry is highly competitive for skilled labor. labor shortages in certain of our markets have become more acute in recent years as the supply chain adjusts to industry growth. additionally, the cost of certain building materials, especially lumber, steel, concrete, copper, and petroleum-based materials, is influenced by changes in local and global commodity prices as well as government regulation, such as government-imposed tariffs or trade restrictions on supplies such as steel and lumber. during 2020 and 2019, we experienced supply chain constraints, increases in the prices of some building materials, and shortages of skilled labor in some areas. increased costs or shortages of skilled labor and/or materials cause increases in construction costs and/or could cause construction delays. we may not be able to pass on increases in construction costs to customers and generally are unable to pass on any such increases to customers who have already entered into sales contracts as those sales contracts generally fix the price of the home at the time the contract is signed, which may be well in advance of the construction of the home. sustained increases in construction costs may, over time, erode our margins, and pricing competition may restrict our ability to pass on any such additional costs, thereby decreasing our margins.
competition for homebuyers could reduce our deliveries or decrease our profitability.
the u.s. housing industry is highly competitive. homebuilders compete for homebuyers in each of our markets with numerous national, regional, and local homebuilders on the basis of location, price, quality, reputation, design, community amenities, and our customers' overall sales and homeownership experiences. this competition with other homebuilders could reduce the number of homes we deliver or cause us to accept reduced margins to maintain sales volume.
we also compete with resales of existing or foreclosed homes, housing speculators, and available rental housing. increased competitive conditions in the residential resale or rental market in the regions where we operate could decrease demand for new homes or unfavorably impact pricing for new homes.
government regulations could increase the cost and limit the availability of our development and homebuilding projects or affect our related financial services operations and adversely affect our business or financial results.
our operations are subject to building, safety, environmental, and other regulations imposed and enforced by various federal, state, and local governing authorities. new housing developments may also be subject to various assessments for schools, parks, streets, and other public improvements. these assessments have increased over recent years as other funding mechanisms have decreased causing local governing authorities to seek greater contributions from homebuilders. all of these factors can cause an increase in the effective cost of our homes.
we also are subject to a variety of local, state, and federal laws and regulations concerning protection of health, safety, and the environment. the impact of environmental laws varies depending upon the prior uses of the building site or adjoining properties and may be greater in areas with less supply where undeveloped land or desirable alternatives are less available. these matters may result in delays, may cause us to incur substantial compliance, remediation and other costs, and can prohibit or severely restrict development and homebuilding activity in environmentally sensitive regions or areas. more stringent requirements could be imposed in the future on homebuilders and developers, thereby increasing the cost of compliance.
our financial services operations are also subject to numerous federal, state, and local laws and regulations. these include eligibility requirements for participation in federal loan programs and compliance with consumer lending and similar requirements such as disclosure requirements, prohibitions against discrimination, and real estate settlement procedures. they also subject our operations to examination by applicable agencies, pursuant to which those agencies may limit our ability to provide mortgage financing or title services to potential purchasers of our homes. for our homes to qualify for fha or va mortgages, we must satisfy valuation standards and site, material, and construction requirements of those agencies.
homebuilding is subject to warranty and other claims in the ordinary course of business that can be significant.
as a homebuilder, we are subject to home warranty, construction defect, and other claims arising in the ordinary course of business. we rely on subcontractors to perform the actual construction of our homes and, in some cases, to select and obtain building materials. despite our detailed specifications and quality control procedures, in some cases, subcontractors may use improper construction processes or defective materials. in such cases, it can result in the need to perform extensive repairs to large numbers of homes. we record warranty and other reserves relating to the homes we sell based on historical experience in our markets and our judgment of the qualitative risks associated with the types of homes built.
we have, and require our subcontractors to have, general liability, property, errors and omissions, workers compensation, and other business insurance. these insurance policies protect us against a portion of our risk of loss from claims, subject to certain self-insured per occurrence and aggregate retentions, deductibles, and available policy limits. in certain instances, we may offer our subcontractors the opportunity to purchase insurance through one of our captive insurance subsidiaries or participate in a project-specific insurance program provided by us. policies issued by our captive insurance subsidiaries represent self-insurance of these risks by us. we reserve for costs to cover our self-insured and deductible amounts under these policies and for any costs of claims and lawsuits based on an analysis of our historical claims, which includes an estimate of claims incurred but not yet reported. our insurance coverage, our subcontractor arrangements, and our reserves may not be adequate to address all our warranty and construction defect claims in the future. contractual indemnities can be difficult to enforce, we may be responsible for applicable self-insured retentions, and some types of claims may not be covered by insurance or may exceed applicable coverage limits. additionally, the coverage offered by and the availability of general liability insurance for construction defects are currently costly and limited. we have responded to increases in insurance costs and coverage limitations by increasing our self-insured retentions. there can be no assurance that coverage will not be further restricted or become more costly. additionally, we are exposed to counterparty default risk related to our subcontractors, our insurance carriers, and our subcontractors' insurance carriers.
we can be injured by improper acts of persons over whom we do not have control or by the attempt to impose liabilities or obligations of third parties on us.
although we expect all of our subcontractors, employees, officers, and directors to comply at all times with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations, there may be instances in which subcontractors or others through whom we do business engage in practices that do not comply with applicable laws, regulations, or governmental guidelines. when we learn of practices that do not comply with applicable laws or regulations, including practices relating to homes, buildings, or multifamily properties we build or finance, we move to stop the non-complying practices as soon as possible, and we have taken disciplinary action regarding subcontractors and employees of ours who were aware of non-complying practices and did not take steps to address them, including in some instances terminating their employment. however, regardless of the steps we take after we learn of practices that do not comply with applicable laws or regulations, we can in some instances be subject to fines or other governmental penalties, and our reputation can be injured, due to the practices' having taken place.
the homes we sell are built by employees of subcontractors and other contract parties. we do not have the ability to control what these contract parties pay their employees or subcontractors or the work rules they impose on their employees or subcontractors. however, various governmental agencies are trying to hold contract parties like us responsible for violations of wage and hour laws and other work-related laws by firms whose employees are performing contracted services. governmental rulings or changes in state or local laws that make us responsible for labor practices by our subcontractors could create substantial exposures for us in situations that are not within our control.
natural disasters, severe weather conditions and changing climate patterns could delay deliveries, increase costs, and decrease demand for new homes in affected areas.
our homebuilding operations are located in many areas that are subject to natural disasters and severe weather. the occurrence of natural disasters or severe weather conditions can delay new home deliveries, increase costs by damaging inventories, reduce the availability of materials, and negatively impact the demand for new homes in affected areas. for instance, in 2019 and 2018, several hurricanes caused disruptions in our southeastern coastal markets but did not result in a material impact to our results of operations. in addition, while they also did not have a material impact on our business in 2020 or 2019, the increased prevalence of forest fires in our western markets have caused disruptions to our sales operations and development delays. furthermore, if our insurance does not fully cover business interruptions or losses resulting from these events, our earnings, liquidity, or capital resources could be adversely affected.
government restrictions, standards, or regulations intended to reduce greenhouse gas emissions or potential climate change impacts are likely to result in restrictions on land development in certain areas and may increase energy, transportation, or raw material costs, which could reduce our housing gross profit margins and adversely affect our results of operations. for example, as the risk of flooding in coastal and other flood prone areas increases, local governments may increase the requirements on new home builders for zoning approvals and restrict areas where new homes may be built, resulting in increased development costs and greater competition for more desirable land parcels. in addition, as local governmental authorities and utilities are required to spend increasing amounts of their resources responding to and remediating weather and climate related events, their ability to provide approvals and service to new housing communities may be impaired.
risks related to our business model and capital structure adverse capital and credit market conditions may significantly affect our access to capital and cost of capital.
the capital and credit markets can experience significant volatility. we may need credit-related liquidity for the future development of our business and other capital needs. without sufficient liquidity, we may not be able to purchase additional land or develop land, which could adversely affect our financial results. at december 31, 2020, we had cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash of $2.6 billion as well as $750.3 million available under our revolving credit facility ("revolving credit facility"), less any outstanding letters of credit issued under the terms of our credit facilities. however, our internal sources of liquidity and revolving credit facility may prove to be insufficient, and, in such case, we may not be able to successfully obtain additional financing on terms acceptable to us, or at all.
another source of liquidity includes our ability to use letters of credit and surety bonds relating to certain performance-related obligations and as security for certain land option agreements and insurance programs. the majority of these letters of credit and surety bonds are in support of our land development and construction obligations to various municipalities, other government agencies, and utility companies related to the construction of roads, sewers, and other infrastructure. at december 31, 2020, we had outstanding letters of credit and surety bonds totaling $249.7 million and $1.5 billion, respectively. these letters of credit are generally issued via our unsecured revolving credit facility, which contains certain financial covenants and other limitations. if we are unable to obtain letters of credit or surety bonds when required, or the conditions imposed by issuers increase significantly, our liquidity could be adversely affected.
our income tax provision and tax reserves may be insufficient if a taxing authority is successful in asserting positions that are contrary to our interpretations and related reserves, if any.
significant judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes and our reserves for federal, state, and local taxes. in the ordinary course of business, there may be matters for which the ultimate outcome is uncertain. our evaluation of our tax matters is based on a number of factors, including relevant facts and circumstances, applicable tax law, correspondence with tax authorities during the course of audits, and effective settlement of audit issues. although we believe our approach to determining the tax treatment for such items is appropriate, no assurance can be given that the final tax authority review will not be materially different than that which is reflected in our income tax provision and related tax reserves. such differences could have a material adverse effect on our income tax provision in the period in which such determination is made and, consequently, on our financial position, cash flows, or net income.
we are periodically audited by various federal, state, and local authorities regarding tax matters. our current audits are in various stages of completion; however, no outcome for a particular audit can be determined with certainty prior to the conclusion of the audit, appeal, and, in some cases, litigation process. as each audit is concluded, adjustments, if any, are recorded in our financial statements in the period determined. to provide for potential tax exposures, we consider a variety of factors, including relevant facts and circumstances, applicable tax law, correspondence with taxing authorities, and effective settlement of audit issues. if these reserves are insufficient upon completion of an audit, there could be an adverse impact on our financial position, cash flows, and results of operations.
we may not realize our deferred tax assets.
as of december 31, 2020, we had deferred tax assets, net of deferred tax liabilities, of $102.5 million, against which we provided a valuation allowance of $69.8 million. the ultimate realization of our deferred tax assets is dependent upon generating future taxable income. while we have recorded valuation allowances against certain of our deferred tax assets, the valuation allowances are subject to change as facts and circumstances change.
our ability to utilize net operating losses ("nols"), built-in losses ("bils"), and tax credit carryforwards to offset our future taxable income or income tax would be limited if we were to undergo an "ownership change" within the meaning of section 382 of the internal revenue code (the "irc"). in general, an "ownership change" occurs whenever the percentage of the stock of a corporation owned by "5-percent shareholders" (within the meaning of section 382 of the irc) increases by more than 50 percentage points over the lowest percentage of the stock of such corporation owned by such "5-percent shareholders" at any time over the testing period.
an ownership change under section 382 of the irc would establish an annual limitation to the amount of nols, bils, and tax credit carryforwards we could utilize to offset our taxable income or income tax in any single year. the application of these limitations might prevent full utilization of the deferred tax assets attributable to our nols, bils, and tax credit carryforwards. to preserve our ability to utilize nols, bils, and other tax benefits in the future without a section 382 limitation, we adopted a shareholder rights plan, which is triggered upon certain transfers of our securities, and amended our by-laws to prohibit certain transfers of our securities. our shareholder rights plan, as amended, expires june 1, 2022, unless our board of directors and shareholders approve an amendment to extend the term prior thereto. notwithstanding the foregoing measures, there can be no assurance that we will not undergo an ownership change within the meaning of section 382.
the value of our deferred tax assets and liabilities are also dependent upon the tax rates expected to be in effect at the time they are realized. a change in enacted corporate tax rates in our major jurisdictions, especially the u.s. federal corporate tax rate, would change the value of our deferred taxes, which could be material.
our inability to sell mortgages into the secondary market could significantly reduce our ability to sell homes unless we are willing to become a long-term investor in loans we originate.
we sell substantially all of the residential mortgage loans we originate within a short period in the secondary mortgage market. if we were unable to sell loans into the secondary mortgage market or directly to fannie mae and freddie mac, we would have to either (a) curtail our origination of residential mortgage loans, which among other things, could significantly reduce our ability to sell homes, or (b) commit our own funds to long term investments in mortgage loans, which, in addition to requiring us to deploy substantial amounts of our own funds, could delay the time when we recognize revenues from home sales on our statements of operations.
we are subject to claims related to mortgage loans we sold in the secondary mortgage market that may be significant.
our mortgage operations may be responsible for losses arising out of claims associated with mortgage loans originated and sold to investors in the event of errors or omissions relating to certain representations and warranties made by us that the loans met certain requirements, including representations as to underwriting standards, the type of collateral, the existence of primary mortgage insurance, and the validity of certain borrower representations in connection with the loan. to date, the significant majority of these claims made by investors against our mortgage operations relate to loans originated prior to 2009, during which inherently riskier loan products became more common in the origination market. we may also be asked to indemnify underwriters that purchased and securitized loans originated by a former subsidiary of centex corporation ("centex"), which we acquired in 2009, for losses incurred by investors in those securitized loans based on similar breaches of representations and warranties.
the resolution of claims related to alleged breaches of these representations and warranties and repurchase claims could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. given the unsettled nature of these claims, changes in values of underlying collateral over time, and other uncertainties regarding the ultimate resolution of these claims, actual costs could differ from our current estimates. accordingly, there can be no assurance that such reserves will not need to be increased in the future.
general risk factors information technology failures or data security breaches could harm our business.
we use information technology and other computer resources to carry out important operational activities and to maintain our business records. our computer systems, including our back-up systems, are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches (through cyberattacks from computer hackers and sophisticated organizations), catastrophic events such as fires, tornadoes and hurricanes, usage errors by our employees, or cyber-attacks or errors by third party vendors who have access to our confidential data or that of our customers. while to our knowledge we have not experienced a significant cyber-attack, we are continuously working to improve our information technology systems and provide employee awareness training around phishing, malware, and other cyber risks to enhance our levels of protection, to the extent possible, against cyber risks and security breaches, and monitor to prevent, detect, address and mitigate the risk of unauthorized access, misuse, computer viruses and other events that could have an impact on our business, there is no assurance that advances in computer capabilities, new technologies, methods or other developments will detect or prevent security breaches and safeguard access to proprietary or confidential information. the frequency and sophistication of cyber-attacks on companies has increased over the last year with significant ransomware attacks and foreign attacks on prominent computer software systems impacting a wide variety of companies and industries. if our computer systems and our back-up systems are damaged, breached, or cease to function properly, or if there are intrusions or failures of critical infrastructure such as the power grid or communications systems, we could suffer extended interruptions in our operations or unintentionally allow misappropriation of proprietary or confidential information (including information about our employees, homebuyers and business partners). any such disruption could damage our reputation, result in market value declines, lead to legal proceedings against us by affected third parties resulting in penalties or fines, and require us to incur significant costs to remediate or otherwise resolve these issues.
negative publicity could negatively impact sales, which could cause our revenues or results of operations to decline.
our business strategy relies heavily on our reputation and brands, which are critical to our success. unfavorable media or investor and analyst reports related to our industry, company, brand, marketing, personnel, operations, business performance, or prospects may affect our stock price and the performance of our business, regardless of its accuracy or inaccuracy. furthermore, the speed at which negative publicity is disseminated has increased dramatically through the use of electronic communication, including social media outlets, websites and other digital platforms. our success in maintaining and enhancing our brand depends on our ability to adapt to this rapidly changing media environment. adverse publicity or negative commentary from any media outlets could damage our reputation and reduce the demand for our homes, which would adversely affect our business.
in addition, we can be affected by poor relations with the residents of communities we develop because efforts made by us to resolve issues or disputes that may arise in connection with the operation or development of their communities, or in connection with the transition of a homeowners association, could be deemed unsatisfactory by the affected residents and subsequent actions by these residents could adversely affect sales or our reputation. in addition, we could decide or be required to make material expenditures related to the settlement of such issues or disputes, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
the loss of the services of members of our senior management or a significant number of our operating employees could negatively affect our business.
our success depends upon the skills, experience, and active participation of our senior management, many of whom have been with the company for a significant number of years. if we were to lose members of our senior management, we might not be able to find appropriate replacements on a timely basis, and our operations could be negatively affected. also, the loss of a significant number of operating employees in key roles or geographies where we are not able to hire qualified replacements could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we have significant intangible assets. if these assets become impaired, then our profits and shareholders' equity may be reduced.
we have significant intangible assets related to business combinations. if the carrying value of intangible assets is deemed impaired, the carrying value is written down to fair value. this would result in a charge to our earnings. if management's expectations of future results and cash flows decrease significantly, impairments of the remaining intangible assets may occur.
item 7.management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview we experienced significant volatility in market conditions during 2020. we ended 2019 and began 2020 in an environment exhibiting strong demand conditions. however, on march 11, 2020, the world health organization declared covid-19 a global pandemic, and the various containment and mitigation measures adopted by governments and institutions globally and in the u.s. began to have a severe economic impact, including causing the u.s. to enter into an economic recession that continues through the date of this report.
in response to the covid-19 pandemic and various state and local orders, we instituted the following actions in march:
•placed restrictions on business travel for our employees;
•closed our sales centers, model homes, and design centers to the general public and shifted to appointment-only interactions with our customers where permitted, following recommended distancing and other health and safety protocols when meeting in person with a customer;
•enhanced our virtual sales tools to give customers the ability to shop for a new home online;
•closed the public gathering spaces of our amenity centers as well as community pools and athletic facilities;
•modified our corporate and division office functions in order to allow all of our employees to work remotely except for essential minimum basic operations which could only be done in an office setting;
•eliminated non-emergency warranty work in our customers' homes;
•modified much of our customer interactions around the mortgage origination and closing process to be virtual and minimize in-person interactions; and
•modified our construction operations to enforce enhanced safety protocols around social distancing, hygiene, and health screening.
the severity of these restrictions and the date we resumed more normal operations have varied by market based on the reduction in restrictions under "shelter in place" orders and improvement in public health conditions. while all of the above-referenced steps were, and some remain, necessary and appropriate in light of the covid-19 pandemic, they impacted our ability to operate our business in its ordinary and traditional course. however, residential construction and financial services have been designated as essential services in almost all of our markets, which has allowed us to continue operations.
as the result of the covid-19 pandemic, our net new orders declined significantly in late march through april. as the pandemic spread and government and business responses expanded, we focused on protecting our liquidity and closely managing our cash flows, including through the following actions:
•delaying the acquisition of certain land parcels and slowing land development where practical;
•limiting our investment in house construction, including strictly limiting production of new unsold "speculative" homes, and contacting backlog customers to reconfirm status before beginning construction of sold homes;
•as a precautionary measure, proactively drawing $700.0 million under the revolving credit facility in march;
however, demand began to stabilize in may and then rebounded sharply in june and has remained strong through the date of this report. this resulted in a 17% increase in net new orders for the full year 2020 over 2019, including a 24% increase in net new orders in the fourth quarter of 2020 over the fourth quarter of 2019. we believe the recovery in demand reflects a number of factors, including historically low mortgage interest rates, a limited supply of new and existing home inventory, an increased appeal for homeownership and single-family living, and a desire among some buyers to exit more densely populated urban centers. in addition to the improved demand, all of our operations are now functioning at effectively full capacity subject to health and safety protocols necessitated by the ongoing pandemic. however, we have experienced periodic disruptions in our supply chain, including the availability of skilled labor as industry demand increases, which have elongated the production cycles in certain markets. we are also facing cost pressures related to labor and materials, especially lumber, although we believe that we will be able to increase pricing to offset the majority of such cost increases.
despite the volatility in 2020, the resurgence of demand resulted in the second highest annual pre-tax income and the highest year-end backlog (as measured in dollars) in our history. these financial results, combined with the favorable outlook, have allowed us to:
•fully repay the $700.0 million drawn on the revolving credit facility;
•announce a tender offer expected to be completed in march 2021 for $300 million of our senior notes scheduled to mature in 2026 and 2027;
•increase our investments in new communities via land acquisition and development expenditures; and
•improve our available liquidity to $3.4 billion, consisting of $2.6 billion of cash and cash equivalents and $750.3 million available under our revolving credit facility as of december 31, 2020.
the following tables and related discussion set forth key operating and financial data for our homebuilding and financial services operations as of and for the fiscal years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019. for similar operating and financial data and discussion of our fiscal 2019 results compared to our fiscal 2018 results, refer to item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" under part ii of our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2019, which was filed with the sec on january 30, 2020.
the following is a summary of our operating results by line of business ($000's omitted, except per share data):
income before income taxes:
homebuilding                                 $1,542,057                          $1,236,261
financial services                              186,637                             103,315
income before income taxes                    1,728,694                           1,339,576
per share data - assuming dilution:
•homebuilding income before income taxes increased 25% in 2020, primarily as the result of higher revenues, improved gross margins, and strong overhead management. homebuilding results also included a goodwill impairment charge of $20.2 million in 2020 (see note 1) and net favorable insurance-related adjustments totaling $75.7 million and $26.8 million in 2020 and 2019, respectively (see note 11).
•the increase in financial services income in 2020 compared with 2019 was primarily the result of the homebuilding volume growth, an improved capture rate of homebuyers from our homebuilding operations, and a low mortgage interest rate environment. mortgage interest rates continued at or near historically low levels during 2020, which resulted in higher gains from the sale of mortgages in the secondary market. these improvements were partially offset by $26.4 million of mortgage repurchase reserve charges (see note 11 ).
•our effective tax rate was 18.6% and 24.1% for 2020 and 2019, respectively. the lower effective tax rate in 2020 resulted primarily from the extension of federal energy efficient home credits (see note 8).
homebuilding operations the following is a summary of income before income taxes for our homebuilding operations ($000's omitted):
total homebuilding revenues                                             10,673,913                                 7        %                   9,978,526
income before income taxes                                              $1,542,057                                25        %                  $1,236,261
supplemental data:
closings (units)                                                            24,624                                 6        %                      23,232
units                                                                       29,275                                17        %                      24,977
average active communities                                                     874                                 1        %                         863
units                                                                       15,158                                44        %                      10,507
(a)includes the amortization of capitalized interest; land inventory impairments of $7.0 million and $8.6 million in 2020 and 2019, respectively (see note 2), and warranty charges of $14.8 million related to a closed-out community in 2019 (see note 11).
(b)includes net realizable value adjustments on sold or land held for sale of $5.4 million in 2019 (see note 2).
(c)includes insurance reserve reversals of $93.4 million and $49.4 million in 2020 and 2019, respectively, partially offset by reserves against insurance receivables of $17.8 million and $22.6 million 2020 and 2019, respectively (see note 11).
(e)see "other expense, net" for a table summarizing significant items (see note 1).
home sale revenues home sale revenues for 2020 were higher than 2019 by $664.2 million, or 7%. the increase was attributable to a 6% increase in closings combined with a 1% increase in average selling price. the increase in closings was primarily the result of favorable demand conditions that began in 2019 and continued into the first quarter of 2020, especially among first-time buyers, which provided a large backlog of orders such that production could continue through 2020 despite the disruptions caused by the covid-19 pandemic. the increased average selling price is reflective of favorable pricing actions related to all customer groups taken starting in the third quarter in response to the significant improvement in demand, partially offset by the increase in the mix of first-time buyer homes, which typically carry a lower sales price.
home sale gross margins home sale gross margins were 24.3% in 2020, compared with 23.1% in 2019. our results in 2020 and 2019 include the effect of the aforementioned land inventory impairments totaling $7.0 million and $8.6 million, respectively. excluding such impairments, gross margins remained strong in both 2020 and 2019 relative to historical levels and reflect a combination of factors, including shifts in community mix and the aforementioned warranty charge of $14.8 million in 2019 related to a closed-out community in the southeast. the low mortgage interest rate environment combined with limited supply of new and existing housing inventory has contributed to our ability to maintain or increase pricing in the majority of our markets, which has allowed us to effectively manage pressure in house and land costs as well as expand margins. amortized interest costs in 2020 remained roughly equal in dollar terms with 2019 but declined slightly as a percentage of revenue to 1.7% in 2020 compared with 1.8% in 2019.
land sale and other revenues we periodically elect to sell parcels of land to third parties in the event such assets no longer fit into our strategic operating plans or are zoned for commercial or other development. land sale and other revenues and their related gains or losses vary between periods, depending on the timing of land sales and our strategic operating decisions. land sales and other revenues contributed income of $16.4 million and $6.7 million in 2020 and 2019, respectively.
sg&a sg&a as a percentage of home sale revenues was 9.6% and 10.5% in 2020 and 2019, respectively. the gross dollar amount of our sg&a decreased $32.9 million, or 3%, in 2020 compared with 2019 and reflects net favorable insurance-related adjustments totaling $75.7 million (0.7% of revenues) and $26.8 million (0.3% of revenues) in 2020 and 2019, respectively. these adjustments resulted from favorable insurance reserve adjustments partially offset by reserves against insurance receivables. the lower gross sg&a dollars were partially offset by severance expense of $10.3 million recorded in the second quarter of 2020 related to various overhead actions taken as a result of the covid-19 pandemic as well as higher incentive compensation expense.
goodwill impairment as a result of the significant decline in equity market valuations that occurred during the period between our acquisition of innovative construction group ("icg") in january 2020 and march 31, 2020, we determined that an event-driven goodwill impairment test was appropriate for the icg goodwill, which resulted in an impairment totaling $20.2 million in the first quarter of 2020. this impairment was not the result of any unique factors specific to icg's operations but, rather, reflected the broad-based declines in the market capitalizations of publicly-traded construction companies in the short period of time between the acquisition and the march 31, 2020 valuation date.
other expense, net other expense, net includes the following ($000's omitted):
write-offs of deposits and pre-acquisition costs (note 2)              $(12,390)                 $(13,116)
amortization of intangible assets (note 1)                              (19,685)                  (14,200)
equity in earnings (loss) of unconsolidated entities (note 4)              1,880                       747
the higher intangible assets amortization in 2020 reflects the icg acquisition in january 2020. the lower interest income in 2020 resulted from the lower interest rate environment while the higher interest expense reflects the aforementioned short-term borrowing under the revolving credit facility.
net new orders net new orders in units increased 17% in 2020 compared with 2019 while net new orders in dollars increased by 21% compared with 2019. the increased new orders resulted from the strong demand for new housing during the year, not withstanding the impact on demand in the second quarter of the covid-19 pandemic, which we attribute to a variety of factors, including historically low mortgage interest rates, a restricted supply of new and existing home inventory, an increased appeal for homeownership and single-family living, and a desire among some buyers to exit more densely populated urban centers. while the annual cancellation rate (canceled orders for the period divided by gross new orders for the period) was flat in 2020 with 2019 at 14%, the cancellation rate spiked in the period of mid-march through may as the result of the falloff in demand triggered by the onset of the covid-19 pandemic before stabilizing and then declining, ending the year with a cancellation rate of 12% in the fourth quarter.
due to supply chain challenges resulting from both disruptions caused by the covid-19 pandemic as well as the surge in demand, we have consciously moderated the pace of sales in certain communities in order to better balance pricing, sales pace, lot availability, and production capacity. this has allowed us to increase pricing in the majority of our communities. despite this moderation, ending backlog units, which represent orders for homes that have not yet closed, increased 44% as measured in units and 50% as measured in dollars at december 31, 2020 compared with december 31, 2019. this represented the highest year-end backlog (as measured in dollars) in our history.
the number of homes in production at december 31, 2020 was 13% higher compared to december 31, 2019. the increase in homes under production resulted primarily from the higher backlog. since demand accelerated in june 2020, the new housing supply chain has experienced delays in regard to certain materials and labor as well as with obtaining necessary approvals, permits, and inspections from local municipalities. as a result, our production cycle times have elongated somewhat, which has also contributed to the higher number of homes in production. the number of unsold, or "speculative", homes has decreased significantly as we have focused our production on completing sold homes consistent with the moderation of sales pace in certain communities discussed above.
controlled lots the following is a summary of our lots under control at december 31, 2020 and 2019:
owned                     optioned                    controlled                    owned                     optioned                    controlled northeast                         4,956                       4,001                        8,957                      4,999                       4,240                        9,239
of our controlled lots, 91,363 and 93,359 were owned and 88,989 and 64,903 were under land option agreements at december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. while competition for well-positioned land is robust, we continue to pursue strategic land investments that we believe can achieve appropriate risk-adjusted returns on invested capital. the remaining purchase price under our land option agreements totaled $3.8 billion at december 31, 2020. these land option agreements generally may be canceled at our discretion and in certain cases extend over several years. our maximum exposure related to these land option agreements is generally limited to our deposits and pre-acquisition costs, which totaled $291.9 million, of which $16.2 million is refundable, at december 31, 2020.
homebuilding segment operations our homebuilding operations represent our core business. homebuilding offers a broad product line to meet the needs of homebuyers in our targeted markets. as of december 31, 2020, we conducted our operations in 40 markets located throughout 23 states. for reporting purposes, our homebuilding operations are aggregated into six reportable segments:
northeast:        connecticut, maryland, massachusetts, new jersey, pennsylvania, virginia southeast:        georgia, north carolina, south carolina, tennessee florida:          florida midwest:          illinois, indiana, kentucky, michigan, minnesota, ohio texas:            texas west:             arizona, california, nevada, new mexico, washington we also have a reportable segment for our financial services operations, which consist principally of mortgage banking and title operations. the financial services segment operates generally in the same markets as the homebuilding segments.
the following table presents selected financial information for our reportable homebuilding segments:
operating data by segment ($000's omitted)
income before income taxes (a):
other homebuilding (c)                      (96,201)                                    27        %                      (131,869)
closings (units):
(b)southeast includes a warranty charge of $14.8 million in 2019 related to a closed-out community (see note 11).
(c)other homebuilding includes the amortization of intangible assets, amortization of capitalized interest, and other items not allocated to the operating segments. also includes: reserves against insurance receivables of $17.8 million and $22.6 million associated with the resolution of certain insurance matters in 2020 and 2019, respectively; and insurance reserve reversals of $93.4 million and $49.4 million in 2020 and 2019, respectively (see note 11).
the following table present additional selected financial information for our reportable homebuilding segments:
operating data by segment ($000's omitted)
net new orders - units:
unit backlog:
the following table presents additional selected financial information for our reportable homebuilding segments:
operating data by segment ($000's omitted)
other homebuilding                             880                                                                 1,171
*    land-related charges include land impairments, net realizable value adjustments for land held for sale, and write-offs of deposits and pre-acquisition costs. other homebuilding consists primarily of write-offs of capitalized interest resulting from land-related charges. see notes 2 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion of these charges.
for 2020, northeast home sale revenues increased 10% compared with 2019 due to a 5% increase in closings combined with a 4% increase in average selling price. the increase in closings was primarily attributable to mid-atlantic while the increase in average selling price was primarily attributable to northeast corridor. the increased income before income taxes resulted primarily due to the higher revenues across all markets. net new orders increased 21%, which is attributable primarily to mid-atlantic.
for 2020, southeast home sale revenues increased 1% compared with 2019 due to a 3% increase in closings partially offset by a 2% decrease in average selling price. the increase in closings occurred in all markets except georgia and tennessee while the decrease in average selling price occurred across the majority of markets. income before income taxes increased 47% primarily due to higher revenues, improved gross margins, and improved overhead management, which occurred across the majority of markets, and charges related to estimated costs to complete repairs in a closed-out community during 2019. net new orders increased 8%, which is attributable to a majority of our markets.
for 2020, florida home sale revenues increased 10% compared with 2019 due to a 9% increase in closings combined with a 1% increase in average selling price. the increase in closings and average selling price occurred across the majority of markets. the increased income before income taxes for 2020 resulted primarily from higher revenues and improved gross margin across the majority of markets. net new orders increased 25%, which is attributable to all of our markets.
for 2020, midwest home sale revenues increased 1% compared with the prior year period due to a 2% increase in average selling price partially offset by a 1% decrease in closings. the increase in average selling price occurred across all markets while the decrease in closings primarily occurred in michigan. income before income taxes increased 15% primarily due to improved overhead management and gross margins. net new orders increased 13%,which is attributable to the majority of markets.
for 2020, texas home sale revenues increased 5% compared with the prior year period due to an 5% increase in closings partially offset by a slight decrease in the average selling price. the increase in closings occurred in all markets except dallas while the decrease in average selling price occurred across all markets except austin. income before income taxes increased primarily due to increased revenues, improved overhead management and gross margins. net new orders increased 22%, which is attributable to all of our markets.
for 2020, west home sale revenues increased 11% compared with the prior year period due to a 12% increase in closings partially offset by a slight decrease in the average selling price. closings were higher in most markets with las vegas benefiting from the american west acquisition that occurred in 2019. however, northern california experienced significantly lower revenues, primarily due to the prior period completion, or near completion, of several high performing communities and an overall moderation of demand in that market. the decrease in average selling prices was mixed among markets. income before income taxes increased 10% primarily as the result of higher revenues and improved gross margins across the majority of markets. net new orders increased by 14%, which is attributable to all markets except arizona.
financial services operations we conduct our financial services operations, which include mortgage banking, title, and insurance brokerage operations, through pulte mortgage and other subsidiaries. in originating mortgage loans, we initially use our own funds, including funds available pursuant to credit agreements with third parties. substantially all of the loans we originate are sold in the secondary market within a short period of time after origination, generally within 30 days. we also sell the servicing rights for the loans we originate through fixed price servicing sales contracts to reduce the risks and costs inherent in servicing loans. this strategy results in owning the loans and related servicing rights for only a short period of time. operating as a captive business model primarily targeted to supporting our homebuilding operations, the business levels of our financial services operations are highly correlated to homebuilding. our homebuilding customers continue to account for substantially all loan production. we believe that our capture rate, which represents loan originations from our homebuilding operations as a percentage of total loan opportunities from our homebuilding operations, excluding cash closings, is an important metric in evaluating the effectiveness of our captive mortgage business model. the following table presents selected financial information for our financial services operations ($000's omitted):
title services revenues                          57,023                                10        %                      51,836
total financial services revenues               362,169                                54        %                     234,431
income before income taxes                     $186,637                                81        %                    $103,315
supplemental data:
other agency                             71    %                       71    %
total agency                             92    %                       90    %
non-agency                                8    %                       10    %
revenues total financial services revenues during 2020 increased 54% compared with 2019. the increase occurred primarily as the result of the homebuilding volume growth combined with the low mortgage interest rate environment. mortgage interest rates continued at or near historically low levels during 2020, which resulted in higher gains from the sale of mortgages in the secondary market and also contributed to an improved capture rate.
income before income taxes the increase in income before income taxes for 2020 as compared with 2019 was due primarily to higher volume, higher revenue per loan, and improved expense leverage. these improvements were partially offset by $26.4 million of mortgage repurchase reserve charges (see note 11).
income taxes our effective tax rate was 18.6% and 24.1% for 2020 and 2019, respectively. the lower effective tax rate in 2020 resulted primarily from the extension of federal energy efficient home credits (see note 8).
liquidity and capital resources we finance our land acquisition, development, and construction activities and financial services operations using internally-generated funds supplemented by credit arrangements with third parties and capital market financing. we routinely monitor current and expected operational requirements and financial market conditions to evaluate accessing available financing sources, including revolving bank credit and securities offerings.
at december 31, 2020, we had unrestricted cash and equivalents of $2.6 billion, restricted cash balances of $50.0 million, and $750.3 million available under our revolving credit facility. we follow a diversified investment approach for our cash and equivalents by maintaining such funds with a broad portfolio of banks within our group of relationship banks in high quality, highly liquid, short-term deposits and investments.
we retired outstanding debt totaling $65.3 million and $310.0 million during 2020 and 2019, respectively. our ratio of debt-to-total capitalization, excluding our financial services debt, was 29.5% at december 31, 2020, which is slightly below our targeted long-term range of 30.0% to 40.0%.
unsecured senior notes during 2019, we completed a tender offer to retire $310.0 million of our unsecured senior notes maturing in 2021. at december 31, 2020, we had $2.7 billion of unsecured senior notes outstanding with no repayments due until march 2021 when $426.0 million of notes are scheduled to mature. in january 2021, the company announced a tender offer expected to be completed in february 2021 for up to $300 million of our senior notes scheduled to mature in 2026 and 2027.
other notes payable certain of our local homebuilding operations are party to non-recourse and limited recourse collateralized notes payable with third parties that totaled $40.1 million at december 31, 2020. these notes have maturities ranging up to three years, are secured by the applicable land positions to which they relate, have no recourse to any other assets, and are classified within notes payable.
revolving credit facility we maintain a revolving credit facility, maturing in june 2023 that has a maximum borrowing capacity of $1.0 billion and contains an uncommitted accordion feature that could increase the capacity to $1.5 billion, subject to certain conditions and availability of additional bank commitments. the revolving credit facility also provides for the issuance of letters of credit that reduce the available borrowing capacity under the revolving credit facility, with a sublimit of $500.0 million at december 31, 2020. the interest rate on borrowings under the revolving credit facility may be based on either the london interbank offered rate ("libor") or a base rate plus an applicable margin, as defined therein. in the event that libor is no longer widely available, the agreement contemplates transitioning to an alternative widely available market rate agreeable between the parties. as a precautionary measure during the initial phase of the covid-19 pandemic, we made the decision in march 2020 to draw $700.0 million under the revolving credit facility. in june 2020, we repaid the full outstanding balance of $700.0 million. we had no borrowings outstanding and $249.7 million and $262.8 million of letters of credit issued under the revolving credit facility at december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
the revolving credit facility contains financial covenants that require us to maintain a minimum tangible net worth, a minimum interest coverage ratio, and a maximum debt-to-capitalization ratio (as each term is defined in the revolving credit facility). as of december 31, 2020, we were in compliance with all covenants. outstanding balances under the revolving credit facility are guaranteed by certain of our wholly-owned subsidiaries. our available and unused borrowings under the revolving credit facility, net of outstanding letters of credit, amounted to $750.3 million and $737.2 million as of december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
financial services debt pulte mortgage provides mortgage financing for the majority of our home closings by utilizing its own funds and funds made available pursuant to credit agreements with third parties. pulte mortgage uses these resources to finance its lending activities until the loans are sold in the secondary market, which generally occurs within 30 days.
pulte mortgage maintains a master repurchase agreement with third party lenders (the "repurchase agreement") that matures in july 2021. the maximum aggregate commitment was $420.0 million during the seasonally high borrowing period from december 28, 2020 through january 15, 2021. at all other times, the maximum aggregate commitment ranges from $230.0 million to $375.0 million. the purpose of the changes in capacity during the term of the agreement is to lower associated fees during seasonally lower volume periods of mortgage origination activity. borrowings under the repurchase agreement are secured by residential mortgage loans available-for-sale. the repurchase agreement contains various affirmative and negative covenants applicable to pulte mortgage, including quantitative thresholds related to net worth, net income, and liquidity. pulte mortgage had $411.8 million and $326.6 million outstanding under the repurchase agreement at december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, and was in compliance with its covenants and requirements as of such dates.
share repurchase program we repurchased 4.5 million and 8.4 million shares in 2020 and 2019, respectively, for a total of $170.7 million and $274.3 million in 2020 and 2019, respectively, under this program. in 2018, our board of directors authorized a $500.0 million share repurchase program and approved an increase of $500.0 million in may 2019. the repurchase of shares was suspended in march 2020 as a response to the covid-19 pandemic and was reinstated in october 2020. at december 31, 2020, we had remaining authorization to repurchase $354.9 million of common shares.
cash flows operating activities our net cash provided by operating activities in 2020 was $1.8 billion, compared with net cash provided by operating activities of $1.1 billion in 2019. generally, the primary drivers of our cash flow from operations are profitability and changes in inventory levels and residential mortgage loans available-for-sale, each of which experiences seasonal fluctuations. our positive cash flow from operations for 2020 was primarily due to our net income of $1.4 billion, which included various non-cash items, including land-related charges of $20.3 million and $137.6 million of deferred income tax expense. these factors were partially offset by a $56.7 million increase in residential mortgage loans available-for-sale.
our positive cash flow from operations for 2019 was primarily due to our net income of $1.0 billion, which included non-cash land-related charges of $27.1 million and $105.4 million of deferred income tax expense. these factors were partially offset by a net increase in inventories of $237.7 million and a $48.3 million increase in residential mortgage loans available-for-sale.
investing activities net cash used in investing activities totaled $107.9 million in 2020, compared with $224.7 million in 2019. the 2020 cash outflows primarily reflect our acquisition of icg in january 2020 for $83.3 million, as well as capital expenditures of $58.4 million related to our ongoing investment in new communities and certain information technology applications. the use of cash in investing activities in 2019 was primarily due to our acquisition of american west in april 2019 for $163.7 million as well as $58.1 million of capital expenditures.
financing activities net cash used in financing activities was $295.6 million in 2020 compared with $733.6 million during 2019. the net cash used in financing activities for 2020 resulted primarily from the repurchase of 4.5 million common shares for $170.7 million under our repurchase authorization, repayments of debt of $65.3 million, and cash dividends of $130.2 million.
net cash used in financing activities for 2019 resulted primarily from the repurchase of 8.4 million common shares for $274.3 million under our repurchase authorization, repayments of debt of $310.0 million, and cash dividends of $122.4 million.
inflation we, and the homebuilding industry in general, may be adversely affected during periods of inflation because of higher land and construction costs. inflation may also increase our financing costs. in addition, higher mortgage interest rates affect the affordability of our products to prospective homebuyers. while we attempt to pass on to our customers increases in our costs through increased sales prices, market forces may limit our ability to do so. if we are unable to raise sales prices enough to compensate for higher costs, or if mortgage interest rates increase significantly, our revenues, gross margins, and net income could be adversely affected.
seasonality although significant changes in market conditions have impacted our seasonal patterns in the past and could do so again, we historically experience variability in our quarterly results from operations due to the seasonal nature of the homebuilding industry. we generally experience increases in revenues and cash flow from operations during the fourth quarter based on the timing of home closings. this seasonal activity increases our working capital requirements in our third and fourth quarters to support our home production and loan origination volumes. as a result of the seasonality of our operations, our quarterly results of operations are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the full year. additionally, given the disruption in economic activity caused by the covid-19 pandemic, our quarterly results in 2020 are not necessarily indicative of results that may be achieved in the future.
contractual obligations and commercial commitments the following table summarizes our payments under contractual obligations as of december 31, 2020:
($000's omitted)
(a)represents principal and interest payments related to our senior notes and limited recourse collateralized financing arrangements.
(b)we do not have any payments due in connection with capital lease or long-term purchase obligations.
we are currently under examination by various taxing jurisdictions and anticipate finalizing the examinations with certain jurisdictions within the next twelve months. the final outcome of these examinations is not yet determinable. the statute of limitations for our major tax jurisdictions remains open for examination for tax years 2016 to 2020. at december 31, 2020, we had $30.9 million of gross unrecognized tax benefits and $2.8 million of related accrued interest and penalties, which are excluded from the above table.
we are subject to certain obligations associated with entering into contracts (including land option contracts) for the purchase, development, and sale of real estate in the routine conduct of our business. option contracts for the purchase of land enable us to defer acquiring portions of properties owned by third parties and unconsolidated entities until we have determined whether to exercise our option, which may serve to reduce our financial risks associated with long-term land holdings. at december 31, 2020, we had $291.9 million of deposits and pre-acquisition costs, of which $16.2 million is refundable, relating to option agreements to acquire 88,989 lots with a remaining purchase price of $3.8 billion. we expect to acquire the majority of such land within the next three years.
the following table summarizes our other commercial commitments as of december 31, 2020:
amount of commitment expiration by period
($000's omitted)
2021                                             2022-2023               2024-2025                     after 2025                                total other commercial commitments:
revolving credit facility (a)                            $-                      $1,000,000                     $-                            $-                               $1,000,000
total commercial commitments (c)                   $420,000                      $1,000,000                     $-                            $-                               $1,420,000
(a)the $1.0 billion in 2022-2023 represents the capacity of our revolving credit facility, under which no borrowings were outstanding, and $249.7 million of letters of credit were issued at december 31, 2020.
(b)represents the capacity of the repurchase agreement, of which $411.8 million was outstanding at december 31, 2020. the capacity of $420.0 million was effective through january 15, 2021 after which it ranges from $230.0 million to $375.0 million until its expiration in july 2021.
supplemental guarantor financial information as of december 31, 2020 pultegroup, inc. had outstanding $2.7 billion principal amount of unsecured senior notes due at dates from march 2021 through february 2035 and no amounts outstanding on its revolving credit facility.
all of our unsecured senior notes and the revolving credit facility are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on a joint and several basis, by certain subsidiaries of pultegroup, inc. ("guarantors" or "guarantor subsidiaries"). each of the guarantor subsidiaries is 100% owned, directly or indirectly, by pultegroup, inc. our subsidiaries associated with our financial services operations and certain other subsidiaries do not guarantee the unsecured senior notes or the revolving credit facility (collectively, "non-guarantor subsidiaries"). the guarantees are senior unsecured obligations of each guarantor and rank equal with all existing and future senior debt of such guarantor and senior to all subordinated debt of such guarantor. the guarantees are effectively subordinated to any secured debt of such guarantor to the extent of the value of the assets securing such debt.
a court could void or subordinate any guarantor's guarantee under the fraudulent conveyance laws if existing or future creditors of any such guarantor were successful in establishing that such guarantor:
(a) incurred the guarantee with the intent of hindering, delaying or defrauding creditors; or
(b) received less than reasonably equivalent value or fair consideration in return for incurring the guarantee and, in the case of and any one of the following is also true at the time thereof:
•the incurrence of the guarantee left such guarantor with an unreasonably small amount of capital or assets to carry on its business;
•such guarantor intended to, or believed that it would, incur debts beyond its ability to pay as they mature;
•such guarantor was a defendant in an action for money damages, or had a judgment for money damages docketed against it, if the judgment is unsatisfied after final judgment.
the measures of insolvency for purposes of determining whether a fraudulent conveyance occurred would vary depending upon the laws of the relevant jurisdiction and upon the valuation assumptions and methodology applied by the court. however, in general, a court would deem a company insolvent if:
•the sum of its debts, including contingent and unliquidated liabilities, was greater than the fair saleable value of all of its assets;
•the present fair saleable value of its assets was less than the amount that would be required to pay its probable liability on its existing debts, including contingent liabilities, as they become absolute and mature; or
•it could not pay its debts as they became due.
the guarantees of the senior notes contain a provision to limit each guarantor's liability to the maximum amount that it could incur without causing the incurrence of obligations under its guarantee to be a fraudulent transfer. however, under recent case law, this provision may not be effective to protect such guarantee from being voided under fraudulent transfer law or otherwise determined to be unenforceable. if a court were to find that the incurrence of a guarantee was a fraudulent transfer or conveyance, the court could void the payment obligations under that guarantee, could subordinate that guarantee to presently existing and future indebtedness of the guarantor or could require the holders of the senior notes to repay any amounts received with respect to that guarantee. in the event of a finding that a fraudulent transfer or conveyance occurred, you may not receive any repayment on the senior notes.
finally, as a court of equity, a bankruptcy court may subordinate the claims in respect of the guarantees to other claims against us under the principle of equitable subordination if the court determines that (1) the holder of senior notes engaged in some type of inequitable conduct, (2) the inequitable conduct resulted in injury to our other creditors or conferred an unfair advantage upon the holders of senior notes and (3) equitable subordination is not inconsistent with the provisions of the bankruptcy code.
on the basis of historical financial information, operating history and other factors, we believe that each of the guarantors, after giving effect to the issuance of the guarantees when such guarantees were issued, was not insolvent, did not have unreasonably small capital for the business in which it engaged and did not and has not incurred debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature. we cannot assure you, however, as to what standard a court would apply in making these determinations or that a court would agree with our conclusions in this regard.
the following tables present summarized financial information for pultegroup, inc. and the guarantor subsidiaries on a combined basis after intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated among pultegroup, inc. and the guarantor subsidiaries, as well as their investment in and equity in earnings from the non-guarantor subsidiaries ($000's omitted):
pultegroup, inc. and guarantor subsidiaries summarized balance sheet data assets                                                       december 31, 2020
total assets                                              11,028,911
liabilities accounts payable, customer deposits,                                $2,101,427
accrued and other liabilities notes payable                                              2,752,302
total liabilities                                          4,948,275
for the year ended summarized statement of operations data                      december 31, 2020
income before income taxes                                  1,510,185
off-balance sheet arrangements we use letters of credit and surety bonds to guarantee our performance under various contracts, principally in connection with the development of our homebuilding projects. the expiration dates of the letter of credit contracts coincide with the expected completion date of the related homebuilding projects. if the obligations related to a project are ongoing, annual extensions of the letters of credit are typically granted on a year-to-year basis. at december 31, 2020, we had outstanding letters of credit of $249.7 million. our surety bonds generally do not have stated expiration dates; rather, we are released from the bonds as the contractual performance is completed. these bonds, which approximated $1.5 billion at december 31, 2020, are typically outstanding over a period of approximately three to five years. because significant construction and development work has been performed related to the applicable projects but has not yet received final acceptance by the respective counterparties, the aggregate amount of surety bonds outstanding is in excess of the projected cost of the remaining work to be performed.
in the ordinary course of business, we enter into land option agreements in order to procure land for the construction of houses in the future. at december 31, 2020, these agreements had an aggregate remaining purchase price of $3.8 billion. pursuant to these land option agreements, we provide a deposit to the seller as consideration for the right to purchase land at different times in the future, usually at predetermined prices.
critical accounting policies and estimates the accompanying consolidated financial statements were prepared in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles. when more than one accounting principle, or the method of its application, is generally accepted, we select the principle or method that is appropriate in our specific circumstances (see note 1 to our consolidated financial statements). application of these accounting principles requires us to make estimates about the future resolution of existing uncertainties; as a result, actual results could differ from these estimates. in preparing these consolidated financial statements, we have made our best estimates and judgments of the amounts and disclosures included in the consolidated financial statements, giving due regard to materiality.
revenue recognition home sale revenues - home sale revenues and related profit are generally recognized when title to and possession of the home are transferred to the buyer at the home closing date. little to no estimation is involved in recognizing such revenues.
land sale and other revenues - we periodically elect to sell parcels of land to third parties in the event such assets no longer fit into our strategic operating plans or are zoned for commercial or other development. land sales are generally outright sales of specified land parcels with cash consideration due on the closing date, which is generally when performance obligations are satisfied. revenues related to our construction services operations are generally recognized as materials are delivered and installation services are provided.
financial services revenues - loan origination fees, commitment fees, and direct loan origination costs are recognized as incurred. expected gains and losses from the sale of residential mortgage loans and their related servicing rights are included in the measurement of written loan commitments that are accounted for at fair value through financial services revenues at the time of commitment. the determination of fair value for certain of these financial instruments requires the use of estimates and management judgment. subsequent changes in the fair value of these loans are reflected in financial services revenues as they occur. interest income is accrued from the date a mortgage loan is originated until the loan is sold. mortgage servicing fees represent fees earned for servicing loans for various investors. servicing fees are based on a contractual percentage of the outstanding principal balance, or a contracted set fee in the case of certain sub-servicing arrangements, and are credited to income when related mortgage payments are received or the sub-servicing fees are earned.
revenues associated with our title operations are recognized as closing services are rendered and title insurance policies are issued, both of which generally occur as each home is closed. insurance brokerage commissions relate to commissions on home and other insurance policies placed with third party carriers through various agency channels. our performance obligations for policy renewal commissions are considered satisfied upon issuance of the initial policy, and related contract assets for estimated future renewal commissions are included in other assets and totaled $38.5 million at december 31, 2020. due to uncertainties in the estimation process and the long duration of renewal policies, which can extend years into the future, actual results could differ from such estimates.
inventory and cost of revenues inventory is stated at cost unless the carrying value is determined to not be recoverable, in which case the affected inventory is written down to fair value. cost includes land acquisition, land development, and home construction costs, including interest, real estate taxes, and certain direct and indirect overhead costs related to development and construction. for those communities for which construction and development activities have been idled, applicable interest and real estate taxes are expensed as incurred. land acquisition and development costs are allocated to individual lots using an average lot cost determined based on the total expected land acquisition and development costs and the total expected home closings for the community. the specific identification method is used to accumulate home construction costs.
we capitalize interest cost into homebuilding inventories. each layer of capitalized interest is amortized over a period that approximates the average life of communities under development. interest expense is allocated over the period based on the timing of home closings.
cost of revenues includes the construction cost, average lot cost, estimated warranty costs, and closing costs applicable to the home. sales commissions are classified within selling, general, and administrative expenses. the construction cost of the home includes amounts paid through the closing date of the home, plus an accrual for costs incurred but not yet paid, based on an analysis of budgeted construction costs. this accrual is reviewed for accuracy based on actual payments made after closing compared with the amount accrued, and adjustments are made if needed. total community land acquisition and development costs are based on an analysis of budgeted costs compared with actual costs incurred to date and estimates to complete. the development cycles for our communities range from under one year to in excess of ten years for certain master planned communities. adjustments to estimated total land acquisition and development costs for the community affect the amounts costed for the community's remaining lots.
we test inventory for impairment when events and circumstances indicate that the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by the community may be less than its carrying amount. such indicators include gross margins or sales paces significantly below expectations, construction costs or land development costs significantly in excess of budgeted amounts, significant delays or changes in the planned development for the community, and other known qualitative factors. communities that demonstrate potential impairment indicators are tested for impairment by comparing the expected undiscounted cash flows for the community to its carrying value. for those communities whose carrying values exceed the expected undiscounted cash flows, we determine the fair value of the community and impairment charges are recorded if the fair value of the community's inventory is less than its carrying value.
we generally determine the fair value of each community using a combination of discounted cash flow models and market comparable transactions, where available. these estimated cash flows are significantly impacted by estimates related to expected average selling prices, expected sales paces, expected land development and construction timelines, and anticipated land development, construction, and overhead costs. the assumptions used in the discounted cash flow models are specific to each community. due to uncertainties in the estimation process, the significant volatility in demand for new housing, the long life cycles of many communities, and potential changes in our strategy related to certain communities, actual results could differ significantly from such estimates.
generally, a community must have projected gross margin percentages in the mid-single digits or lower to potentially fail the undiscounted cash flow step and proceed to the fair value step. our overall gross margin realized during 2020 and our average gross margin in backlog at december 31, 2020 both exceeded 20%, and we have only a small minority of communities with gross margins below 10%. however, in the event of an extended economic slowdown that leads to moderate or significant decreases in the price of new homes in certain geographic or buyer submarkets, we could have a larger number of communities that begin to approach these levels such that more detailed impairment analyses would be necessary, and the resulting impairments could be material. additionally, we have $291.9 million of deposits and pre-acquisition costs at december 31, 2020 related to option agreements to acquire additional land. in the event of an extended economic slowdown, we could elect to cancel a large portion of such land option agreements, which would generally result in the write-off of the related deposits and pre-acquisition costs.
residential mortgage loans available-for-sale in accordance with accounting standards codification ("asc") 825, "financial instruments" ("asc 825"), we use the fair value option for our residential mortgage loans available-for-sale. election of the fair value option for residential mortgage loans available-for-sale allows a better offset of the changes in fair values of the loans and the derivative instruments used to economically hedge them without having to apply complex hedge accounting provisions. changes in the fair value of these loans are reflected in revenues as they occur.
allowance for warranties home purchasers are provided with a limited warranty against certain building defects, including a one-year comprehensive limited warranty and coverage for certain other aspects of the home's construction and operating systems for periods of up to (and in limited instances exceeding) 10 years. we estimate the costs to be incurred under these warranties and record a liability in the amount of such costs at the time revenue is recognized. factors that affect our warranty liability include the number of homes sold, historical and anticipated rates of warranty claims, and the projected cost of claims. we periodically assess the adequacy of our recorded warranty liability for each geographic market in which we operate and adjust the amounts as necessary. actual warranty costs in the future could differ from our estimates.
income taxes we evaluate our deferred tax assets each period to determine if a valuation allowance is required based on whether it is "more likely than not" that some portion of the deferred tax assets would not be realized. the ultimate realization of these deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of sufficient taxable income during future periods.  we conduct our evaluation by considering all available positive and negative evidence. this evaluation considers, among other factors, historical operating results, forecasts of future profitability, the duration of statutory carryforward periods, and the outlooks for the u.s. housing industry and broader economy. the accounting for deferred taxes is based upon estimates of future results. differences between estimated and actual results could result in changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets that could have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations or financial position. changes in existing tax laws could also affect actual tax results and the realization of deferred tax assets over time.
unrecognized tax benefits represent the difference between tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return and the benefits recognized for financial statement purposes. we follow the provisions of asc 740, "income taxes" ("asc 740"), which prescribes a minimum recognition threshold a tax position is required to meet before being recognized in the financial statements. significant judgment is required to evaluate uncertain tax positions. our evaluations of tax positions consider a variety of factors, including relevant facts and circumstances, applicable tax law, correspondence with taxing authorities, and effective settlements of audit issues. changes in the recognition or measurement of uncertain tax positions could result in material increases or decreases in income tax expense (benefit) in the period in which the change is made. interest and penalties related to income taxes and unrecognized tax benefits are recognized as a component of income tax expense (benefit).
self-insured risks at any point in time, we are managing over 1,000 individual claims related to general liability, property, errors and omission, workers compensation, and other business insurance coverage. we reserve for costs associated with such claims (including expected claims management expenses) on an undiscounted basis at the time product revenue is recognized for each home closing and periodically evaluate the recorded liabilities based on actuarial analyses of our historical claims. the actuarial analyses calculate estimates of the ultimate cost of all unpaid losses, including estimates for incurred but not reported losses ("ibnr"). ibnr represents losses related to claims incurred but not yet reported plus development on reported claims.
our recorded reserves for all such claims totaled $641.8 million and $709.8 million at december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, the vast majority of which relate to general liability claims. the recorded reserves include loss estimates related to both (i) existing claims and related claim expenses and (ii) ibnr and related claim expenses. liabilities related to ibnr and related claim expenses represented approximately 68% of the total general liability reserves at both december 31, 2020 and 2019. the actuarial analyses that determine the ibnr portion of reserves consider a variety of factors, including the frequency and severity of losses, which are based on our historical claims experience supplemented by industry data. the actuarial analyses of the reserves also consider historical third-party recovery rates and claims management expenses. because of the inherent uncertainty in estimating future losses related to these claims, actual costs could differ significantly from estimated costs. based on the actuarial analyses performed, we believe the range of reasonably possible losses related to these claims is $550 million to $750 million. while this range represents our best estimate of our ultimate liability related to these claims, due to a variety of factors, including those factors described above, there can be no assurance that the ultimate costs realized by us will fall within this range.
volatility in both national and local housing market conditions can affect the frequency and cost of construction defect claims. additionally, ibnr estimates comprise the majority of our liability and are subject to a high degree of uncertainty due to a variety of factors, including changes in claims reporting and resolution patterns, third party recoveries, insurance industry practices, the regulatory environment, and legal precedent. state regulations vary, but construction defect claims are reported and resolved over an extended period often exceeding ten years. changes in the frequency and timing of reported claims and estimates of specific claim values can impact the underlying inputs and trends utilized in the actuarial analyses, which could have a material impact on the recorded reserves. additionally, the amount of insurance coverage available for each policy period also impacts our recorded reserves. because of the inherent uncertainty in estimating future losses and the timing of such losses related to these claims, actual costs could differ significantly from estimated costs.
adjustments to reserves are recorded in the period in which the change in estimate occurs. during 2020 and 2019, we reduced general liability reserves by $93.4 million and $49.4 million, respectively, as a result of changes in estimates resulting from actual claim experience observed being less than anticipated in previous actuarial projections. the changes in actuarial estimates were driven by changes in actual claims experience that, in turn, impacted actuarial estimates for potential future claims. these changes in actuarial estimates did not involve any changes in actuarial methodology but did impact the development of estimates for future periods, which resulted in adjustments to the ibnr portion of our recorded liabilities. there were no material adjustments to individual claims. rather, the adjustments reflect an overall lower level of losses related to construction defect claims in recent years as compared with our previous experience. we attribute this favorable experience to a variety of factors, including improved construction techniques, rising home values, and increased participation from our subcontractors in resolving claims.
in certain instances, we have the ability to recover a portion of our costs under various insurance policies or from subcontractors or other third parties. estimates of such amounts are recorded when recovery is considered probable. our receivables from insurance carriers totaled $69.5 million and $118.4 million at december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. the insurance receivables relate to costs incurred or to be incurred to perform corrective repairs, settle claims with customers, and other costs related to the continued progression of both known and anticipated future construction defect claims that we believe to be insured related to previously closed homes. we believe collection of these insurance receivables is probable based on various factors, including the legal merits of our positions after review by legal counsel, favorable legal rulings received to date, the credit quality of our carriers, and our long history of collecting significant amounts of insurance reimbursements under similar insurance policies related to similar claims, including significant amounts funded by the above carriers under different policies.
while the outcome of these matters cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not believe that the resolution of such matters will have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows.