item 1a. risk factors the risk factors set forth below and elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k are important factors that could cause actual results to differ from expected or historical results. it is not possible to predict or identify all such risks. there may be additional risks that we consider not to be material, or which are not known, and any of these risks could have the effects set forth below. the ordering of the risk factors set forth below is not intended to reflect any company indication of priority or likelihood. see item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations for a cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements.
covid-19 and financial risks the covid-19 pandemic has had, and will continue to have, a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. the global spread of covid-19 and the unprecedented responses by governments and other authorities to control and contain the disease, has caused significant disruptions, created new risks, and exacerbated existing risks to our business.
we have been, and will continue to be, negatively impacted by the covid-19 pandemic, including impacts that resulted from actions taken in response to the outbreak. examples of these include, but are not limited to: travel bans and cruising advisories and the resulting temporary suspension of our global brands' operations, which is expected to continue through at least april 30, 2021, for most of our cruise operations; restrictions on the movement and gathering of people; social distancing measures; shelter-in-place/stay-at-home orders; and disruptions to businesses in our supply chain. in addition to the imposed restrictions affecting our business, the extent, duration, and magnitude of the covid-19 pandemic's effect on the economy and consumer demand for cruising and travel is still rapidly fluctuating and difficult to predict. as such, these impacts may persist for an extended period of time or even become more pronounced, even after we are permitted to and/or begin to resume operations.
• operations: due to the global public health circumstances, we have decided to extend the suspension of sailings of our global brands' fleet through at least april 30, 2021, for most of our cruise operations. it is uncertain as to whether we will need to suspend additional sailings and to what extent, and upon the conclusion of such suspensions, we expect a gradual return to normal sailings. the suspension of sailings and the expected reduction in demand for future cruising once we resume sailing has led to a significant decline in our revenues and cash inflows, which has required us to take cost and capital expenditure containment actions. consequently, we have reduced and furloughed our workforce, with approximately 23% of our u.s. shoreside employee base being impacted and, except for the minimum safe manning shipboard crew required to operate the ships during the suspension of operations, our shipboard crew were notified that their contracts would end early and they would be notified about new assignments when operations resume in the future. as a result of these actions, we may be challenged in rebuilding our workforce which could further delay our return to service. in addition, we have reduced our planned capital spending through 2021, which may negatively impact our execution of planned growth strategies, particularly as it relates to investments in our ships, technology, and our expansion of land-based developments. furthermore, we have taken actions to monitor and mitigate changes in our supply chain, and port destination availability, which may strain relationships with our vendors and port partners. on september 21, 2020, the hsp submitted its report on recommendations to the cdc, which includes more than 70 detailed recommendations to protect the public health and safety of guests, crew and the communities where cruise ships call. on october 30, 2020, the cdc issued the conditional order, which replaced the "no sail" order that expired on october 31, 2020. while the conditional order represents an important step in our return to service, many uncertainties remain as to the specifics and timing of implementation, administration and costs of the requirements of the conditional order, some of which may be significant. further, the conditional order contemplates that the cdc may issue additional requirements through technical instructions or orders as needed and that the phases required to resume operations will be further determined based on public health considerations, including the trajectory of the pandemic and the ability of the company and other cruise ship operators to successfully employ measures that mitigate the risk of covid-19. in addition, the conditional order contains requirements that could negatively impact our results of operations, such as: laboratory testing of crew members and guests; simulated voyages; and the certification process, including implementing the required testing protocols, the prohibition on itineraries longer than seven days, and the demonstration at each port where a ship intends to dock of approval with u.s. port and local health authorities, which requires medical care agreements addressing evacuation to onshore hospitals, housing agreements with onshore facilities for isolation and quarantine of covid-19 cases, and port agreements to limit the number of cruise ships at any single port. our ability to meet the requirements under the conditional order will determine the timing and implementation of our plans to return to service which we expect to be gradual. we are currently reviewing and assessing the uncertainties relating to the conditional order's requirements and are in dialogue with the cdc. based on our assessment of these conditions or for other reasons, we may determine it necessary to extend our voluntary suspension of our global brands' cruise sailings which currently extends through at least april 30, 2021, for most of our cruise operations. it is difficult to predict our ability to meet the requirements of the conditional order and the costs associated with compliance, some of which could be significant.
if we are unable to satisfy the requirements of the conditional order our operations may be negatively impacted and we could be exposed to reputational and legal risks. due to the unprecedented and uncertain nature of the covid-19 pandemic and cdc or department of state guidance, it is difficult to predict the impact of further disruptions and their magnitude. the impact of further disruptions may depend on how they coincide with the timing of when we seek to resume sailing. in addition, we have never previously experienced a complete cessation of our cruising operations, and as a consequence, our ability to predict the impact of such a cessation on our brands and future prospects is limited and such impact is uncertain.
•results of operations: our suspensions of sailings have materially impacted the results of our operations. we have incurred and will continue to incur significant costs associated with cancellations as we accommodate passengers with refunds and future cruise credits; as well as continuing to assist our crew with their return home, food, housing, and medical needs. in addition, although cruise operations are currently suspended, we have incurred and will likely continue to incur significant overhead costs associated with layup of our fleet and enhanced covid-19 related sanitation procedures. as we cannot control adverse media coverage and we cannot predict exactly when we will resume sailing operations, we are experiencing and may continue to experience weak demand for cruising for an indeterminable length of time and we cannot predict when we will return to pre-outbreak demand or fare pricing or if we will return to such levels in the foreseeable future. in turn, these negative impacts to our financial performance have resulted and may continue to result in impairments of our long-lived and intangible assets, which has influenced our decision making relating to early disposal, sale or retirement of assets. for the twelve months ended december 31, 2020, we incurred impairment charges and credit losses of $1.6 billion related to the impairment of goodwill and trademarks and trade names attributable to our silversea cruises reporting unit, and long-lived assets as well as credit losses on mostly receivables related to our sale of property and equipment. following the resumption of operations, our global brands and our partner brands may be subject to the continued impact of the covid-19 pandemic. our partner brands, tui cruises and hapag-lloyd cruises, resumed limited cruise operations outside of the u.s. in july 2020 with cruises of short durations, with reduced occupancies and with limited or no ports of call. additionally, any future profitability will be impacted by increased debt service costs as a result of our liquidity actions.
•liquidity: the suspension of our sailings and the reduction in demand for future cruising has adversely impacted our liquidity as we have experienced a significant increase in refunds of customer deposits while cash inflows from new or existing bookings on future sailings has reduced sharply. as a result, we have taken actions to increase our liquidity through a combination of capital and operating expense reductions and financing activities. during the year ended december 31, 2020, we executed and amended various financing arrangements, which have resulted in $10.2 billion of incremental liquidity, including:
◦a $0.6 billion increase in the capacity available under our revolving credit facilities;
◦additional liquidity of $6.7 billion through the issuance of new debt, net of repayments, and the securing of a one-year $700 million commitment for a 364-day term loan facility;
◦£300.0 million, or $409.9 million, based on exchange rates as of december 31, 2020, of available and issued liquidity under an unsecured government commercial paper program with the bank of england;
◦the deferral of $0.9 billion of existing debt amortization under our export-credit backed ship debt facilities through april 2021; and
◦the issuance of 22.6 million shares of common stock for approximately $1.6 billion we also agreed with certain of our lenders that we will not pay dividends or engage in stock repurchases until the end of the third quarter of 2022. thereafter, in the event we declare a dividend or engage in stock repurchases we will need to repay the amounts deferred under our export credit facilities. on august 24, 2020, moody's downgraded our senior unsecured rating from ba2 to b2, and on august 31, 2020, s&p global downgraded our senior unsecured rating from bb to b+. on august 24, 2020, moody's also downgraded the silversea notes from baa3 to ba2 and on august 31, 2020, s&p downgraded silversea cruises' notes from bbb- to bb and, as a result, certain covenants of the indenture governing the silversea notes have been reinstated. these downgrades reduce our ability to incur secured indebtedness by reducing the amount of indebtedness that we are permitted to secure, and may negatively impact our access to, and cost of debt financing. on february 25, 2021, s&p global further downgraded our senior unsecured rating from b+ to b, and downgraded our $3.32 billion senior secured notes and silversea notes from bb to bb-. this downgrade has no further impact on the terms of the notes. as of december 31, 2020, we obtained an interim debt service deferral and financial covenant holiday under certain of our export-credit backed loan facilities to generate a cumulative $0.9 billion of incremental liquidity during the 12 month period ended april 2021 which is to be repaid over a period of four years after the 12-month deferral period. during the first quarter of 2021, we amended our export credit facilities to defer $0.8 billion of amortization payments due under these export facilities. the deferred amounts will be repayable semi-annually over a five-year period starting in april 2022. our ability to raise additional financing, whether or not secured, could be limited if our credit rating is further downgraded, and/or if we fail to comply with applicable covenants governing our outstanding indebtedness, and/or if overall financial market conditions worsen. additionally, due to the complexity of the pandemic's impact to the economy and uncertainty of its duration, we cannot guarantee that assumptions used to project our liquidity needs will be correct, which may result in the need for additional financing and/or may result in the inability to satisfy covenants required by our current credit facilities. if we continue to raise additional funds through equity or convertible debt issuances, our shareholders could experience dilution of their ownership interest, and these securities could have rights, preferences, and privileges that are superior to that of holders of our ordinary shares. if we raise additional funds by issuing debt, we may be subject to additional limitations on our operations due to restrictive covenants, which may be more restrictive than the covenants in our existing debt agreements, and we may be required to further encumber our assets. also, as a result of our additional debt issuances, we will require a significant amount of cash to service our debt and sustain operations. our ability to generate cash depends on factors beyond our control and we may be unable to repay or repurchase debt at maturity. if adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms, or at all, we may be unable to fund our operations, or respond to competitive pressures, any of which could negatively affect our business. there is no guarantee that financing will be available in the future or that such financing will be available with similar terms or terms that are commercially acceptable to us. further, if any government agrees to provide us with disaster relief assistance, or other assistance due to the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic, and we determine it is beneficial to seek such government assistance, it may impose restrictions on executive compensation, share buybacks, dividends, prepayment of debt and other restrictions until the aid is repaid or redeemed in full, which could significantly limit our corporate activities and adversely impact our business and operations. we cannot assure you that any more such disaster relief would be available to us.
we may not be able to obtain sufficient financing or capital for our needs or may not be able to do so on terms that are acceptable or consistent with our expectations.
to fund our capital expenditures (including new ship orders), operations and scheduled debt payments, we have historically relied on a combination of cash flows provided by operations, drawdowns under available credit facilities, the incurrence of additional indebtedness and the sale of equity or debt securities in private or public securities markets. any circumstance or event which leads to a decrease in consumer cruise spending, such as worsening global economic conditions or significant incidents impacting the cruise industry, including the covid-19 pandemic, negatively affects our operating cash flows and currently, we have no cash flows from operations. in the case of the covid-19 pandemic and the resulting suspension of our operations, these circumstances have also resulted in credit rating downgrades. see "-adverse worldwide economic or other conditions could result in prolonged reduction in the demand for cruises and passenger spending, adversely impacting our operating results, cash flows and financial condition including potentially impairing the value of our goodwill, ships, trademarks and other assets and potentially affecting other critical accounting estimates where the change may be material to our operating results" and "-incidents on ships, at port facilities, land destinations and/or affecting the cruise vacation industry in general, and the associated negative media coverage and publicity, could affect our reputation and impact our sales and results of operations" for more information.
our ability to access additional funding as and when needed, our ability to timely refinance and/or replace our outstanding debt securities and credit facilities on acceptable terms and our cost of funding will depend upon numerous factors including, but not limited to, the strength of the financial markets, our recovery and financial performance, the recovery and performance of our industry in general and the size, scope and timing of our financial needs. in addition, even where financing commitments have been secured, significant disruptions in the capital and credit markets could cause our banking and other counterparties to breach their contractual obligations to us or could cause the conditions to the availability of such funding not to be satisfied. this could include failures of banks or other financial service companies to fund required borrowings under our loan agreements or to pay us amounts that may become due or return collateral that is refundable under our derivative contracts for hedging of fuel prices, interest rates and foreign currencies or other agreements. if any of the foregoing occurs for a prolonged period of time it will have a long-term negative impact on our cash flows and our ability to meet our obligations cannot be guaranteed.
our substantial debt could adversely affect our financial condition.
we have a substantial amount of debt and significant debt service obligations. as of december 31, 2020, we had total debt of $18.9 billion. our substantial debt could have important negative consequences for us. for example, our substantial debt could require us to dedicate a large portion of our cash flow from operations to service debt and fund repayments on our debt, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes; increase our vulnerability to adverse general economic or industry conditions; limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business or the industry in which we operate; place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; make us more vulnerable to downturns in our business, the economy or the industry in which we operate, including the current downturn related to covid-19; limit our ability to raise additional debt or equity capital in the future to satisfy our requirements relating to working capital, capital expenditures, development projects, strategic initiatives or other purposes; restrict us from making strategic acquisitions, introducing new technologies or exploiting business opportunities; limit or restrict our ability to obtain and maintain performance bonds to cover our financial responsibility requirements in various jurisdictions for non-performance of guest travel, casualty and personal injury; make it difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our debt; and increase our exposure to the risk of increased interest rates as certain of our borrowings are (and may be in the future) at a variable rate of interest.
despite our leverage, we may incur more debt, which could adversely affect our business.
we may incur substantial additional debt in the future. except for the restrictions under the indentures governing our secured notes (as defined below) and our 9.125% senior guaranteed notes due 2023 (the "unsecured notes") and certain of our other debt instruments, including our unsecured bank and export credit facilities, we are not restricted under the terms of our debt instruments from incurring additional debt. although the indentures governing the secured notes, the unsecured notes, and certain of our other debt instruments, including our unsecured bank and export credit facilities, contain restrictions on the incurrence of additional debt, these restrictions are subject to a number of significant qualifications and exceptions, and under certain circumstances the amount of debt that could be incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. our debt instruments do not and will not prevent us from incurring liabilities that do not constitute "indebtedness" as defined therein. in the event that we execute and borrow under the $700m liquidity facility, the credit agreement that would govern the $700m liquidity facility would impose substantially similar restrictions (including the related qualifications and exceptions) as are set forth in the indenture governing the unsecured notes. if new debt is added to our existing debt levels, the related risks that we now face would increase. as of december 31, 2020, we have commitments for approximately $11.6 billion of debt to finance the purchase of 11 ships on order by our royal caribbean international, celebrity cruises and silversea cruises brands, 10 of which are guaranteed by the export credit agencies in the countries in which the ships are being built. the ultimate size of each facility will depend on the final contract price (including change orders and owner's supply) as well as fluctuations in the eur/usd exchange rate.
the terms of existing debt financing gives, and any future preferred equity or debt financing may give, holders of any preferred securities or debt securities rights that are senior to rights of our common shareholders or impose more stringent operating restrictions on our company.
the holders of our existing debt have rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of holders of our common stock in the event of liquidation. if we incur additional debt or raise equity through the issuance of preferred stock or convertible securities, the terms of the debt or the preferred stock issued may give the holders rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of holders of our common stock, particularly in the event of liquidation. the terms of the debt may also impose additional and more stringent restrictions on our operations. if we raise funds through the issuance of additional equity, the ownership percentage of our existing shareholders would be diluted. debt or equity financing may not be available to us on acceptable terms.
we will require a significant amount of cash to service our debt and sustain our operations. our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control, and we may not be able to generate cash required to service our debt.
our ability to make scheduled payments on our debt service obligations or refinance our debt depends on our future operating and financial performance and ability to generate cash. this will be affected by our ability to successfully implement our business strategy, as well as general economic, financial, competitive, regulatory and other factors beyond our control, such as the disruption caused by the covid-19 pandemic. if we cannot generate sufficient cash to meet our debt service obligations or fund our other business needs, we may, among other things, need to refinance all or a portion of our debt, obtain additional financing, delay planned capital expenditures or sell assets. we cannot assure you that we will be able to generate sufficient cash through any of the foregoing. if we are not able to refinance any of our debt, obtain additional financing or sell assets on commercially reasonable terms or at all, we may not be able to satisfy our obligations with respect to our debt.
we are subject to restrictive debt covenants that may limit our ability to finance future operations and capital needs and to pursue business opportunities and activities. in addition, if we fail to comply with any of these restrictions, it could have a material adverse effect on us.
certain of our debt instruments, including our indentures and our unsecured bank and export credit facilities, limit our flexibility in operating our business. for example, certain of our loan agreements and indentures restrict or limit our and our subsidiaries' ability to, among other things: incur or guarantee additional indebtedness; pay dividends or distributions on, or redeem or repurchase capital stock and make other restricted payments; make investments; consummate certain asset sales; engage in certain transactions with affiliates; grant or assume certain liens; and consolidate, merge or transfer all or substantially all of our assets. both our export credit facilities and our non-export credit facilities contain covenants that require us, among other things, to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio of at least 1.25x and limit our net debt-to-capital ratio to no more than 62.5%. refer to note 9. debt to our consolidated financial statements under item 1. financial statements for further discussion on our covenants and existing waivers.
on august 24, 2020, moody's downgraded the silversea notes from baa3 to ba2 and on august 31, 2020, s&p global downgraded silversea cruises' notes from bbb- to bb and as a result, certain covenants of the indenture governing the silversea notes have been reinstated, the application of which had been previously suspended unless and until any such downgrade occurred. the reinstated covenants include, among other things, limitations on the ability of silversea cruises and its restricted subsidiaries to incur indebtedness, enter into transactions with affiliates (including royal caribbean and its subsidiaries that are not restricted subsidiaries of silversea cruises) and pay dividends and make other distributions from silversea cruises to royal caribbean, each of which may limit our ability to obtain funding and may decrease our operational and financial flexibility, including the ability to make upstream payments from silversea cruises and to provide funding support to silversea cruises. on february 25, 2021, s&p global further downgraded the silversea cruises' notes from bb to bb-, which had no further impact with respect to the silversea cruises' notes. the silversea notes are guaranteed by the company on a senior unsecured basis. any event of default or acceleration of the indebtedness under the silversea notes could cause the borrowings under other of our debt instruments that contain cross-default provisions to be accelerated or become payable on demand.
all of these limitations are subject to significant exceptions and qualifications. despite these exceptions and qualifications, we cannot assure you that the operating and financial restrictions and covenants in certain of our debt instruments will not adversely affect our ability to finance our future operations or capital needs or engage in other business activities that may be in our interest. any future indebtedness may include similar or other restrictive terms. in addition, our ability to comply with these covenants, and restrictions may be affected by events beyond our control. these include prevailing economic, financial and industry conditions. if we breach any of these covenants or restrictions, we could be in default under such indebtedness and certain of our other debt instruments and the relevant debt holders or lenders could elect to declare the debt, together with accrued and unpaid interest and other fees, if any, immediately due and payable and proceed against any collateral securing that debt. if the debt under certain of our debt instruments that we enter into were to be accelerated, our liquid assets may be insufficient to repay in full such indebtedness. borrowings under other debt instruments that contain cross-default provisions also may be accelerated or become payable on demand. in these circumstances, our assets may not be sufficient to repay in full that indebtedness and our other indebtedness then outstanding.
in addition, our ability to maintain our credit facilities may also be impacted by changes in our ownership base. more specifically, we may be required to prepay our bank financing facilities if any person acquires ownership of more than 50% of our common stock or, subject to certain exceptions, during any 24-month period, a majority of our board of directors is no longer comprised of individuals who were members of our board of directors on the first day of such period. our public debt securities also contain change of control provisions that would be triggered by a third-party acquisition of greater than 50% of our common stock coupled with a ratings downgrade, which would require us to offer to repurchase our public debt securities in the event of such change of control.
in 2020, we issued an aggregate principal amount of $1.725 billion in convertible notes. the notes are convertible into shares of our common stock, cash, or a combination of common stock and cash, at our election. the initial conversion rate per $1,000 principal amount of the convertible notes is 13.8672 and 12.1212 shares of our common stock for our june and october 2020 issuances of convertible notes, respectively, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately $72.11 and $82.50 per share, respectively, subject to adjustment in certain circumstances. in connection with certain corporate events or if we issue a notice of tax redemption, we will, under certain circumstances, increase the conversion rate for holders of the convertible notes who convert their convertible notes in connection with such corporate event or whose convertible notes are called for tax redemption and who convert their convertible notes during the relevant redemption period. prior to march 15 and august 15, 2023, the june and october convertible notes, respectively, will be convertible at the option of holders during certain periods only upon satisfaction of certain conditions. beyond those dates, the convertible notes will be convertible at any time until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding their maturity date. if we elect to settle conversions of our convertible notes, if any, in shares of our common stock or a combination of common stock and cash, conversions of our convertible notes may result in significant dilution to our shareholders.
we do not expect to pay cash dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future due to our agreement with certain of our lenders not to pay dividends until the end of the third quarter 2022. in addition, in the event we thereafter declare a dividend, we will need to repay our debt deferral. payment of dividends would, in any case, depend upon our profitability at the time, cash available for those dividends, and other factors as our board of directors may consider relevant.
in addition, on july 27, 2017, the united kingdom's financial conduct authority, which regulates the london interbank offered rate ("libor"), announced that it will no longer persuade or compel banks to submit libor rates after 2021. also in 2017, the alternative reference rates committee, a steering committee comprised of, among other entities, large u.s. financial institutions, selected the secured overnight financing rate ("sofr") as the rate recommended to replace u.s. dollar libor ("usd libor"). sofr measures the cost of borrowing cash overnight, backed by u.s. treasury securities. sofr is observed and backward-looking, which stands in contrast with libor under the current methodology, which is an estimated forward-looking rate and relies, to some degree, on the expert judgment of submitting panel members. on december 4, 2020, ice benchmark administration, the administrator of libor, released a consultation disclosing its intent to cease publication of one-week and two-month usd libor after december 31, 2021, but continue to publish the remaining tenors of usd libor for an additional 18 months, through june 30, 2023. these remaining tenors of usd libor-overnight, one-month, three-month, six-month and 12-months-encompass the tenors referenced in our borrowings and interest rate swaps. u.s. regulators continue to encourage banks to cease entering into new contracts that use usd libor as a reference rate by december 31, 2021. however, uncertainty remains as many market participants await the development of term sofr products, i.e., forward-looking rates, and benchmark providers are developing indices that might co-exist with sofr. if libor ceases to exist, the level of interest payments on the portion of our indebtedness that bears interest at variable rates would be affected, which may materially impact the amount of our interest payments under such debt. further, if we, the agent or the lenders holding a majority of the outstanding loans or commitments under such indebtedness determine that a libor rate is no longer available, that a specific date has been announced after which a libor rate will no longer be made available, or that syndicated loans are being executed or amended to adopt a replacement rate, then the terms of such indebtedness will allow us and the applicable agent to amend such indebtedness to implement a replacement rate, subject to the negative consent of the lenders holding a majority of the outstanding loans or commitments. such replacement rate will give due consideration to any evolving or then-existing conventions for similar credit facilities, which may result in different than expected interest payments.
macroeconomic, business, market and operational risks adverse worldwide economic or other conditions could reduce the demand for cruises and passenger spending, adversely impacting our operating results, cash flows and financial condition including impairing the value of our goodwill, ships, trademarks and other assets and potentially affecting other critical accounting estimates where the change may be material to our operating results.
in addition to health and safety concerns, demand for cruises is affected by international, national, and local economic conditions. weak or uncertain economic conditions may impact consumer confidence and pose a risk as vacationers postpone or reduce discretionary spending. this, in turn, may result in cruise booking slowdowns, decreased cruise prices and lower onboard revenues, even after the covid-19 pandemic has ended and/or related health and safety concerns are reduced. given the global nature of our business, we are exposed to many different economies and our business could be hurt by challenging conditions in any of our markets. any significant deterioration of international, national, or local economic conditions, including those resulting from geopolitical events and/or international disputes and the current economic and employment impact of the covid-19 pandemic in countries where many of our customers reside could result in a prolonged period of booking slowdowns, depressed cruise prices and/or reduced onboard revenues, even after the covid-19 pandemic has ended and/or related health and safety concerns are reduced. additionally, the continued impact of covid-19 on the financial markets is complicated and we cannot predict its effect on geopolitical events and/or international trade policies as countries attempt to mitigate the impact of the pandemic and as they re-open their economies or re-implement lockdown measures. additionally, uncertainties resulting from the united kingdom's recent exit from the european union may impact our business.
our operating costs could increase due to market forces and economic or geopolitical factors beyond our control.
our operating costs, including fuel, food, payroll and benefits, airfare, taxes, insurance, and security costs, are all subject to increases due to market forces and economic or geopolitical conditions or other factors beyond our control, including as a result of rerouting itineraries due to ports closing or not accepting passengers in connection with the covid-19 pandemic. increases in these operating costs could adversely affect our future profitability when an economic recovery begins.
any further impairment of our goodwill, long-lived assets, equity investments and notes receivable could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results.
we evaluate goodwill for impairment on an annual basis, or more frequently when circumstances indicate that the carrying value of a reporting unit may not be recoverable. a challenging operating environment, such as is currently being experienced under the impact of covid-19, impacts affecting consumer demand or spending, the deterioration of general macroeconomic conditions, or other factors could result in a change to the future cash flows we expect to derive from our operations. reductions of cash flows used in the valuation analyses may result in the recording of an impairment charge to a reporting unit's goodwill. during the twelve months ended december 31, 2020, we recognized a silversea cruises' goodwill impairment loss of $576.2 million. see note 5. goodwill to our consolidated financial statements under item 1. financial statements for further information.
price increases for commercial airline service for our guests or major changes or reduction in commercial airline service and/or availability could adversely impact the demand for cruises and undermine our ability to provide reasonably priced vacation packages to our guests.
many of our guests depend on scheduled commercial airline services to transport them to or from the ports where our cruises embark or disembark. increases in the price of airfare would increase the overall price of the cruise vacation to our guests, which may adversely impact demand for our cruises. in addition, changes in the availability and/or regulations governing commercial airline services, including those resulting from the covid-19 pandemic, have adversely affected and could continue to adversely affect our guests' ability to obtain air travel, as well as our ability to transfer our guests to or from our cruise ships, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
fears of terrorist attacks, war, and other hostilities could have a negative impact on our results of operations.
events such as terrorist attacks, war (or war-like conditions), conflicts (domestic or cross-border), civil unrest and other hostilities, including an escalation in the frequency or severity of incidents, and the resulting political instability, travel restrictions and advisories, and concerns over safety and security aspects of traveling or the fear of any of the foregoing have had, and could have in the future, a significant adverse impact on demand and pricing in the travel and vacation industry. in view of our global operations, we are susceptible to a wide range of adverse events. these events could also result in additional security measures taken by local authorities which may potentially impact access to ports and/or destinations.
disease outbreaks and increased concern related to illness when travelling to, from, and on our ships could cause a drop in demand for cruises, guest cancellations, travel restrictions, an unavailability of ports and/or destinations, cruise cancellations, ship redeployments and an inability to source our crew, provisions or supplies from certain places. due to the complex and evolving nature of the covid-19 pandemic we cannot predict the duration of the effect of the current pandemic, and the magnitude is dependent on the development of future events and responses from governments, other authorities, and individual consumers. our industry, including our passengers and crew, may be subject to enhanced health and safety requirements in the future which may be costly and take a significant amount of time to implement across our fleet and we may be subject to concerns that cruises are susceptible to the spread of infectious diseases such as covid-19. for example, local governments may establish their own set of rules for self-quarantines and/or require proof of individuals health status prior to or upon visiting. these effects may extend beyond any resolution of the current covid-19 pandemic through the development of a vaccine or effective therapeutic treatment, and the impact of any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. in addition, the new operating protocols we are developing and any other health protocol we may develop or that may be required by law in the future in response to covid-19 or other infectious diseases may be costly to implement and less effective than we expected in reducing the risk of infection and spread of such disease on our cruise ships, which will negatively impact our operations and expose us to reputational and legal risks.
incidents on ships, at port facilities, land destinations and/or affecting the cruise vacation industry in general, and the associated negative media coverage and publicity, could affect our reputation and impact our sales and results of operations.
the ownership and/or operation of cruise ships, private destinations, port facilities and shore excursions involves the risk of accidents, illnesses, mechanical failures, environmental incidents and other incidents which may bring into question safety, health, security and vacation satisfaction and can negatively impact our sales, operations and reputation. incidents involving cruise ships, and, in particular the safety, health and security of guests and crew and the media coverage thereof, including those related to the covid-19 pandemic, have impacted and could continue to impact demand for our cruises and pricing in the industry. in particular, we cannot predict the impact on our financial performance and our cash flows required for cash refunds of deposits as a result of the pause in our global fleet cruise operations, which may be prolonged, and the public's concern regarding the health and safety of travel, especially by cruise ship, and related decreases in demand for travel and cruising. moreover, our ability to attract and retain guests and crew depends, in part, upon the perception and reputation of our company and our brands and the public's concerns regarding the health and safety of travel generally, as well as regarding the cruising industry and our ships specifically. our reputation and our business could also be damaged by continued or additional negative publicity regarding the cruise industry in general, including publicity regarding the spread of contagious disease such as covid-19, over-tourism in key ports and destinations and the potentially adverse environmental impacts of cruising. the considerable expansion in the use of social and digital media over recent years has compounded the potential scope and reach of any negative publicity. in addition, incidents involving cruise ships may result in additional costs to our business, increasing government or other regulatory oversight and, in certain cases, potential litigation.
natural disasters (e.g. earthquakes, volcanos, wild fires), weather and/or climate events (including hurricanes and typhoons) could impact our source markets and operations resulting in travel restrictions, guest cancellations, an inability to source our crew or our provisions and supplies from certain places. we are often forced to alter itineraries and occasionally cancel a cruise or a series of cruises or to redeploy our ships due to these types of events, which could have an adverse effect on our sales, operating costs and profitability in the current and future periods. increases in the frequency, severity or duration of these types of events could exacerbate their impact and cause further disruption to our operations or make certain destinations less desirable or unavailable impacting our revenues and profitability further. any of the foregoing could have an adverse impact on our results of operations and on industry performance.
we rely on shipyards, their subcontractors and our suppliers to effectively construct our new ships and to repair, maintain, and upgrade our existing ships on a timely basis and in a cost effective manner; and there are a limited number of shipyards with the capability and capacity to build, repair, maintain and/or upgrade our ships. as such, any disruptions effecting the newbuild or fleet modernization supply chain will adversely impact our business as there are limited substitutes.
the covid-19 pandemic has led to suspensions and/or slowdowns of work at certain shipyards, which impacts our ability to construct new ships when and as planned, our ability to timely and cost-effectively procure new capacity, and our ability to execute scheduled drydocks and/or fleet modernizations. the effects of the covid-19 pandemic on the shipyards, their subcontractors, and our suppliers have resulted in delays in our previously scheduled ship deliveries, which are currently under discussion with the shipyards. variations from our plan could have a significant negative impact on our business operations and financial condition.
building, repairing, maintaining and/or upgrading a ship is sophisticated work that involves significant risks. in addition, the prices of labor and/or various commodities that are used in the construction of ships can be subject to volatile price changes, including the impact of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. shipyards, their subcontractors, and/or our suppliers may encounter financial, technical or design problems when doing these jobs. if materialized, these problems could impact the timely delivery or costs of new ships or the ability of shipyards to repair and upgrade our fleet in accordance with our needs or expectations. in addition, delays, mechanical faults and/or unforeseen incidents may result in cancellation of cruises, or, in more severe situations, delays of new ship orders, or necessitate unscheduled drydocks. such events could result in lost revenue, increased operating expenses, or both, and thus adversely affect our results of operations.
an increase in capacity worldwide or excess capacity in a particular market could adversely impact our cruise sales and/or pricing.
although our ships can be redeployed, cruise sales and/or pricing may be impacted by the introduction of new ships into the marketplace, reductions in cruise capacity, overall market growth and deployment decisions of ourselves and our competitors. as of december 31, 2020, a total of 105 new ships with approximately 217,600 berths were on order for delivery through 2027 in the cruise industry, including 15 ships currently scheduled to be delivered to us. the further net growth in capacity from these new ships and future orders, without an increase in the cruise industry's demand and/or share of the vacation market, could depress cruise prices and impede our ability to achieve yield improvement. additionally, due to our global suspension of operations and the suspension of operations by other cruise operators, cruise prices and yield improvement are further at risk depending on how, when, and where global operations resume.
in addition, to the extent that we or our competitors deploy ships to a particular itinerary/region and the resulting capacity in that region exceeds the demand, we may lower pricing and profitability may be lower than anticipated. this risk exists in emerging cruise markets, where capacity has grown rapidly over the past few years and in mature markets where excess capacity is typically redeployed. any of the foregoing could have an adverse impact on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, including potentially impairing the value of our ships and other assets.
unavailability of ports of call may adversely affect our results of operations.
we believe that port destinations are a major reason why guests choose to go on a particular cruise or on a cruise vacation. the availability of ports and destinations is affected by a number of factors, including industry demand and competition for key ports and destinations, existing capacity constraints, constraints related to the size of certain ships, security, financial limitations on port development, exclusivity arrangements that ports may have with our competitors, geopolitical developments and local governmental regulations; and in light of the covid-19 pandemic, port availability could also be subject to immediate change depending on local and/or onboard disease outbreaks or other government restrictions as well as limited availability when sailing resumes. in addition, higher fuel costs may adversely impact the destinations we choose to call upon on certain of our itineraries as they become too costly to include.
increased demand and competition for key ports of call or destinations, limitations on the availability or feasibility of use of specific ports of call and/or constraints on the availability of shore excursions and other service providers at such ports or destinations could adversely affect our results of operations.
we may lose business to competitors throughout the vacation market.
we operate in the vacation market and cruising is one of many alternatives for people choosing a vacation. we therefore risk losing business not only to other cruise lines, but also to other vacation operators, which provide other leisure options, including hotels, resorts, internet-based alternative lodging sites and package holidays and tours.
we face significant competition from other cruise lines on the basis of cruise pricing, travel agent preference and also in terms of the nature of ships, services and destinations that we offer to guests. our principal competitors within the cruise vacation industry include carnival corporation & plc, which owns, among others, aida cruises, carnival cruise line, costa cruises, cunard line, holland america line, p&o cruises, princess cruises and seabourn; disney cruise line; msc cruises; and norwegian cruise line holdings ltd, which owns norwegian cruise line, oceania cruises and regent seven seas cruises. our revenues are sensitive to the actions of other cruise lines in many areas including pricing, scheduling, capacity and promotions, which can have a substantial adverse impact not only on our revenues, but on overall industry revenues.
in the event that we do not effectively market or differentiate our cruise brands from our competitors or otherwise compete effectively with other vacation alternatives and new or existing cruise companies, our results of operations and financial position could be adversely affected.
if we are unable to appropriately balance our cost management and capital allocation strategies with our goal of satisfying guest expectations, it may adversely impact our business success.
our goals call for us to provide high quality products and deliver high quality services. there can be no assurance that we can successfully balance these goals with our cost management and capital allocation strategies. our business also requires us to make capital allocation decisions across a broad scope of investment options with varying return profiles and time horizons for value realization. these include significant capital investment decisions such as ordering new ships, upgrading our existing fleet, enhancing our technology and/or data capabilities, and expanding our portfolio of land-based assets, based on expected market preferences, competition and projected demand. there can be no assurance that our strategies will be successful, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. for example, our ownership and operation of older tonnage, in particular during the business disruption caused by covid-19, has resulted in impaired asset values due to expected returns that we will not be able to recover.
we opportunistically seek to grow our business through, among other things, expansion into new destinations or source markets and establishment of new ventures complementary to our current offerings. these attempts to expand our business increase the complexity of our business, require significant levels of investment and can strain our management, personnel, operations and systems. in addition, we have been unable to execute our attempts to expand our business as a result of the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic, as described elsewhere herein. there can be no assurance that these business expansion efforts will develop as anticipated or that we will succeed, and if we do not, we may be unable to recover our investment, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
risks associated with our development and operation of key land-based destination projects may adversely impact our business or results of operations.
we have invested, either directly or indirectly through joint ventures and partnerships, in a growing portfolio of key land-based projects including port and terminal facilities, private destinations and multi-brand destination projects. these investments can increase our exposure to certain key risks depending on the scope, location, and the ownership and management structure of these projects. these risks include susceptibility to weather events, exposure to local political/regulatory developments and policies, logistical challenges and human resource and labor risks; in addition to location-specific safety, environmental, and health risks, including challenges posed by the covid-19 pandemic and its effects locally where we have these projects and relationships.
we rely on travel agencies to generate the majority of bookings for our ships. accordingly, we must ensure that our commission rates and incentive structures remain competitive. if we fail to offer competitive compensation packages or fail to maintain our relationships, these agencies may be incentivized to sell cruises offered by our competitors to our detriment, which could adversely impact our operating results. our reliance on third-party sellers is particularly pronounced in certain markets. in addition, the travel agent industry is sensitive to economic conditions that impact discretionary income of consumers. significant disruptions, such as those caused by the covid-19 pandemic, or contractions in the industry could reduce the number of travel agencies available for us to market and sell our cruises, which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. additionally, the strength of our recovery from suspended operations could be delayed if we are not aligned and partnered with key travel agencies.
business activities that involve our co-investments with third parties may subject us to additional risks.
partnerships, joint ventures and other business structures involving our co-investments with third parties generally include some form of shared control over the operations of the business and create additional risks, including the event that other investors in such ventures become bankrupt or otherwise lack the financial resources to meet their obligations, or could have or develop business interests, policies or objectives that are inconsistent with ours. in addition to financial risks, our co-investment activities have also presented managerial and operational risks and expose us to reputational or legal concerns. these or other issues related to our co-investments with third parties could adversely impact our operations or liquidity. due to the covid-19 pandemic, pullmantur s.a. filed for reorganization under the terms of the spanish insolvency laws. in addition, with the exception of limited sailings outside of the u.s. starting in july 2020, tui cruises and hapag-lloyd cruises have, for the most part, suspended sailings and their operations, results of operations and liquidity have been and will continue to be adversely materially impacted. the company may be required to continue to provide funding for these affiliated entities and it is unclear when and to what extent these entities will fully resume operations and our ability to provide such funding will be limited by the level and terms of our outstanding indebtedness. further, due to the arrangements we have in place with our partners in these ventures, we are limited in our ability to control the strategy of these ventures if and when they resume operations, or their use of capital and other key factors to their results of operation which could adversely affect our investments and impact our results of operations.
past or pending business acquisitions or potential acquisitions that we may decide to pursue in the future carry inherent risks which could adversely impact our financial performance and condition.
the company, from time to time, has engaged in acquisitions (e.g., our silversea cruises acquisition) and may pursue acquisitions in the future, which are subject to, among other factors, the company's ability to identify attractive business opportunities and to negotiate favorable terms for such opportunities. accordingly, the company cannot make any assurances that potential acquisitions will be completed timely or at all, or that if completed, we would realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisition. acquisitions also carry inherent risks such as, among others: (1) the potential delay or failure of our efforts to successfully integrate business processes and realizing expected synergies; (2) difficulty in aligning procedures, controls and/or policies; and (3) future unknown liabilities and costs that may be associated with an acquisition. in addition, acquisitions may also adversely impact our liquidity and/or debt levels, and the recognized value of goodwill and other intangible assets can be negatively affected by unforeseen events and/or circumstances, which may result in an impairment charge. any of the foregoing events could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations.
we rely on supply chain vendors and third-party service providers who are integral to the operations of our businesses. these vendors and service providers are also affected by covid-19 and may be unable or unwilling to deliver on their commitments or may act in ways that could harm our business.
we rely on supply chain vendors to deliver key products to the operations of our businesses around the world. any event impacting a vendor's ability to deliver goods of the expected quality at the location and time needed could negatively impact our ability to deliver our cruise experience. events impacting our supply chain could be caused by factors beyond the control of our suppliers or us, including inclement weather, natural disasters, increased demand, problems in production or distribution and/or disruptions in third-party logistics or transportation systems, including those caused by the covid-19 pandemic. any such interruptions to our supply chain could increase our costs and could limit the availability of products critical to our operations.
in order to achieve cost and operational efficiencies, we outsource to third-party vendors certain services that are integral to the operations of our global businesses, such as our onboard concessionaires, certain of our call center operations and operation of a large part of our information technology systems, which are also affected by the covid-19 pandemic. we are subject to the risk that certain decisions are subject to the control of our third-party service providers and that these decisions may adversely affect our activities. a failure to adequately monitor a third-party service provider's compliance with a service level agreement or regulatory or legal requirements could result in significant economic and reputational harm to us. there is also a risk the confidentiality, privacy and/or security of data held by third parties or communicated over third-party networks or platforms could become compromised.
the potential unavailability of insurance coverage, an inability to obtain insurance coverage at commercially reasonable rates or our failure to have coverage in sufficient amounts to cover our incurred losses may adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations.
we seek to maintain appropriate insurance coverage at commercially reasonable rates. we normally insure based on the cost of an asset rather than replacement value and we also elect to self-insure, co-insure, or use deductibles in certain circumstances for certain risks such as loss of use of a ship or other business interruption. the limits of insurance coverage we purchase are based on the availability of the coverage, evaluation of our risk profile and cost of coverage. we do not carry business interruption insurance and accordingly we have no insurance coverage for loss of revenues or earnings from our ships or other operations. accordingly, we are not protected against all risks and we cannot be certain that our coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred which could result in an unexpected decrease in our revenue and results of operations in the event of an incident.
we are members of four protection and indemnity ("p&i") clubs, which are part of a worldwide group of 13 p&i clubs, known as the international group of p&i clubs (the "ig"). p&i coverage provided by the clubs is on a mutual basis and we are subject to additional premium calls in the event of a catastrophic loss incurred by any member of the 13 p&i clubs, whereby the reinsurance limits purchased by the ig are exhausted. we are also subject to additional premium calls based on investment and underwriting shortfalls experienced by our own individual insurers. certain liabilities, costs, and expenses associated with covid-19 cases identified on or traced to our vessels are eligible for insurance coverage under our participation in these p&i clubs.
we cannot be certain that insurance and reinsurance coverage will be available to us and at commercially reasonable rates in the future or at all or, if available, that it will be sufficient to cover potential claims. additionally, if we or other insureds sustain significant losses, the result may be higher insurance premiums, cancellation of coverage, or the inability to obtain coverage. the covid-19 pandemic, for example, depending on its on-going scope, and duration and the associated insurance claims volumes driven by the pandemic, may potentially impact the insurance markets we rely on for coverage and could adversely impact both the coverage options available to us in the future as well as the premium costs we are required to pay for those coverages. such events could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations.
our principal executive office and principal shoreside operations are located in florida, and we have shoreside offices throughout the world. actual or threatened natural disasters (e.g., hurricanes/typhoons, earthquakes, tornadoes, fires or floods), municipal lockdowns, curfews, quarantines, or similar events in these locations may have a material impact on our business continuity, reputation and results of operations. for instance, all company shoreside operations are working remotely due to the covid-19 pandemic, which has posed increased technological risks. in addition, substantial or repeated information system failures, computer viruses or cyber attacks impacting our shoreside or shipboard operations could adversely impact our business. we do not generally carry business interruption insurance for our shoreside or shipboard operations or our information systems. as such, any losses or damages incurred by us could have an adverse impact on our results of operations.
provisions of our articles of incorporation, by-laws and liberian law could inhibit others from acquiring us, prevent a change of control, and may prevent efforts by our shareholders to change our management.
certain provisions of our articles of incorporation and by-laws and liberian law may inhibit third parties from effectuating a change of control of the company without approval from our board of directors which could result in the entrenchment of current management. these include provisions in our articles of incorporation that prevent third parties, other than a. wilhelmsen as and cruise associates and their permitted transferees, from acquiring beneficial ownership of more than 4.9% of our outstanding shares without the consent of our board of directors.
changes in u.s. foreign policy could result in the imposition of travel restrictions or travel bans on u.s. persons to certain countries or result in the imposition of u.s. travel advisories, warnings, rules, regulations or legislation that could expose us to penalties or claims of monetary damages. the timing and scope of these changes are unpredictable, and they could cause us to cancel scheduled sailings, possibly on short notice, or could result in possible litigation against us. this, in turn, could decrease our revenue, increase our operating costs and otherwise impair our profitability. for instance, in june 2019, the u.s. government announced that cruise ships would no longer be allowed to travel between the u.s. and cuba. this required us to change our high yielding cuba sailings on short notice, which impacted our earnings. moreover, in may 2019, the u.s. government activated title iii of the cuban liberty and solidarity (libertad) act of 1996, popularly known as the helms-burton act. this allowed certain individuals whose property was confiscated by the cuban government to sue in u.s. courts anyone who "traffics" in the property in question. the activation of title iii has resulted in litigation against us and others in the tourism industry.
additionally, in the first quarter of 2020, the u.s. department of state, along with other governments, including canada, issued travel advisories warning against cruise travel as a result of the covid-19 pandemic and subsequently imposed restrictions on those entering the u.s. and many nations imposed strict temporary restrictions on international travel. this, combined with other factors, ultimately lead to the company voluntarily suspending the sailings of our fleet globally and may limit or slow our ability to resume operations in the near term. in addition to the loss of revenues, our financial condition is affected by refund requests, future cruise credit issuances, and other costs associated with returning passengers and crew home safely. furthermore, many countries have adopted restrictions against u.s. travelers and we currently cannot predict when those restrictions will be eased.
certain ports and destinations are facing a surge of both cruise and non-cruise tourism which, in certain cases, has fueled anti-tourism sentiments and related countermeasures to limit the volume of tourists allowed in these destinations. in certain destinations, countermeasures to limit the volume of tourists are being contemplated and/or put into effect, including proposed limits on cruise ships and cruise passengers. potential restrictions in ports and destinations such as venice, barcelona or key west, could limit the itinerary and destination options we can offer our passengers going forward. some environmental groups have also generated negative publicity about the environmental impact of the cruise vacation industry and are advocating for more stringent regulation of ship emissions at berth and at sea. these anti-tourism sentiments and growing environmental scrutiny of the cruise industry and any related countermeasures could adversely impact our operations and financial results and subject us to increasing compliance costs.
environmental, labor, health and safety, financial responsibility and other maritime regulations could affect operations and increase operating costs.
the u.s. and various state and foreign government or regulatory agencies have enacted or may enact environmental regulations or policies, such as requiring the use of low sulfur fuels (e.g. imo 2020), that could increase our direct cost to operate in certain markets, increase our cost for fuel, limit the supply of compliant fuel, cause us to incur significant expenses to purchase and/or develop new equipment and adversely impact the cruise vacation industry. while we have taken and expect to continue to take a number of actions to mitigate the potential impact of certain of these regulations, there can be no assurances that these efforts will be successful over the long term.
there is increasing global regulatory focus on climate change, greenhouse gas and other emissions. these regulatory efforts, both internationally and in the u.s. are still developing, and we cannot yet determine what the final regulatory programs or their impact will be in any jurisdiction where we do business. however, such climate change-related regulatory activity in the future may adversely affect our business and financial results by requiring us to reduce our emissions, purchase allowances or otherwise pay for our emissions. such activity may also impact us by increasing our operating costs, including fuel costs.
in addition, we are subject to various international, national, state and local laws, regulations and treaties that govern, among other things, discharge from our ships, safety standards applicable to our ships, treatment of disabled persons, health and sanitary standards applicable to our guests, security standards on board our ships and at the ship/port interface areas, and financial responsibilities to our guests. these issues are, and we believe will continue to be, an area of focus by the relevant authorities throughout the world. this could result in the enactment of more stringent regulation of cruise ships that could subject us to increasing compliance costs in the future.
we and a number of our subsidiaries are foreign corporations that derive income from a u.s. trade or business and/or from sources within the u.s. in connection with the year end audit, each year, faegre drinker biddle & reath llp, our u.s. tax counsel, delivers to us an opinion, based on certain representations and assumptions set forth in it, to the effect that this income, to the extent derived from or incidental to the international operation of a ship or ships, is excluded from gross income for u.s. federal income tax purposes pursuant to section 883 of the internal revenue code. we believe that most of our income (including that of our subsidiaries) is derived from or incidental to the international operation of ships.
our ability to rely on section 883 could be challenged or could change in the future. provisions of the internal revenue code, including section 883, are subject to legislative change at any time. moreover, changes could occur in the future with respect to the identity, residence or holdings of our direct or indirect shareholders, trading volume or trading frequency of our shares, or relevant foreign tax laws of liberia or bahamas, such that they no longer qualify as equivalent exemption jurisdictions, that could affect our eligibility for the section 883 exemption. accordingly, there can be no assurance that we will continue to be exempt from u.s. income tax on u.s. source shipping income in the future. if we were not entitled to the benefit of section 883, we and our subsidiaries would be subject to u.s. taxation on a portion of the income derived from or incidental to the international operation of our ships, which would reduce our net income.
additionally, portions of our business are operated by companies that are within the united kingdom tonnage tax regime. further, some of our operations are conducted in jurisdictions where we rely on tax treaties to provide exemption from taxation. to the extent the united kingdom tonnage tax laws change or we do not continue to meet the applicable qualification requirements or if tax treaties are changed or revoked, we may be required to pay higher income tax in these jurisdictions, adversely impacting our results of operations.
as budgetary constraints continue to adversely impact the jurisdictions in which we operate, increases in income tax regulations, tax audits or tax reform affecting our operations may be imposed.
our corporate affairs are governed by our articles of incorporation and by-laws and by the business corporation act of liberia. the provisions of the business corporation act of liberia resemble provisions of the corporation laws of a number of states in the u.s. however, there are very few judicial cases in liberia interpreting the business corporation act of liberia. while the business corporation act of liberia provides that it is to be applied and construed to make the laws of liberia, with respect of the subject matter of the business corporation act of liberia, uniform with the laws of the state of delaware and other states with substantially similar legislative provisions, there have been few liberian court cases interpreting the business corporation act of liberia and we cannot predict whether liberian courts would reach the same conclusions as united states courts. the right of shareholders to bring a derivative action in liberian courts may be more limited than in u.s. jurisdictions. there may also be practical difficulties for shareholders attempting to bring suit in liberia and liberian courts may or may not recognize and enforce foreign judgments. thus, our public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests with respect to actions by management, directors or controlling shareholders than would shareholders of a corporation incorporated in a u.s. jurisdiction.
we operate our business globally, which exposes us to a number of risks, including increased exposure to a wider range of regional and local economic conditions, volatile local political conditions, potential changes in duties and taxes, including changing and/or uncertain interpretations of existing tax laws and regulations, required compliance with additional laws and policies affecting cruising, vacation or maritime businesses or governing the operations of foreign-based companies, currency fluctuations, interest rate movements, difficulties in operating under local business environments, port quality and availability in certain regions, u.s. and global anti-bribery laws or regulations, imposition of trade barriers and restrictions on repatriation of earnings.
our future growth strategies increasingly depend on the growth and sustained profitability of international markets. factors that will be critical to our success in these markets include our ability to continue to raise awareness of our products and our ability to adapt our offerings to best suit rapidly evolving consumer demands. this risk is further heightened by the covid-19 pandemic, as authorities in many of these markets have implemented numerous measures to contain the spread and impact of covid-19, such as travel bans and restrictions, shelter-in-place/stay-at-home orders, and other limitations on business activity, including business closures. in addition, these measures could change unpredictably and/or could be scaled up or down in response to evolving intensity or resurgence of covid-19 in or around these markets. the execution of our planned growth strategies is dependent on meeting the governmental and regulatory measures and policies in each of these markets. our ability to realize our future growth strategy is highly dependent on our ability to satisfy country-specific policies and requirements in order to return to service, as well as meeting the needs of region specific consumer preferences as services come back online. these factors may cause us to reevaluate some of our international business strategies.
operating globally also exposes us to numerous and sometimes conflicting legal, regulatory and tax requirements. in many parts of the world, including countries in which we operate, practices in the local business communities might not conform to international business standards. these legal and regulatory requirements and standards may change in response to the covid-19 pandemic, and there may be greater uncertainty as to the interpretation and enforcement of applicable laws and regulations, including those introduced in response to the covid-19 pandemic. we cannot guarantee consistent interpretation, application, and enforcement of rules and regulations put in place in response to the covid-19 pandemic, which could place limits on our operations or increase our costs, as well as negatively impact our future growth strategies in our key growth markets. we must adhere to policies designed to promote legal and regulatory compliance as well as applicable laws and regulations. however, we might not be successful in ensuring that our employees, agents, representatives and other third parties with whom we associate throughout the world properly adhere to them. in addition, we may be exposed to the risk of penalties and other liabilities if we fail to comply with all applicable legal and regulatory requirements introduced in response to the covid-19 pandemic, which may be subject to frequent and rapid change. failure by us, our employees or any of these third parties to adhere to our policies or applicable laws or regulations could result in penalties, sanctions, damage to our reputation and related costs, which in turn could negatively affect our results of operations and cash flows.
as a global operator, our business also may be impacted by changes in u.s. policy or priorities in areas such as trade, immigration (including any continuation of any of the immigration policies put in place by the u.s. government in response to the covid-19 pandemic) and/or environmental or labor regulations, among others. depending on the nature and scope of any such changes, they could impact our domestic and international business operations. any such changes, and any international response to them, could potentially introduce new barriers to passenger or crew travel and/or cross border transactions, impact our guest experience and/or increase our operating costs.
if we are unable to address these risks adequately, our financial position and results of operations could be adversely affected, including impairing the value of our ships and other assets.
we are exposed to market risk attributable to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, fuel prices and interest rates. significant changes in any of the foregoing could have a material impact on our financial results, net of the impact of our hedging activities and natural offsets. our operating results have been and will continue to be impacted, often significantly, by changes in each of these factors. the value of our earnings in foreign currencies is adversely impacted by a strong u.s. dollar. in addition, any significant increase in fuel prices could materially and adversely affect our business as fuel prices not only impact our fuel costs, but also some of our other expenses, such as crew travel, freight, and commodity prices. mandatory fuel restrictions, may also create uncertainty related to the price and availability of certain fuel types potentially impacting operating costs and the value of our related hedging instruments. also, a significant increase in interest rates could materially impact the cost of our floating rate debt.
the loss of key personnel, our inability to recruit or retain qualified personnel, or disruptions among our shipboard personnel due to strained employee relations could adversely affect our results of operations.
our success depends, in large part, on the skills and contributions of key executives and other employees, and on our ability to recruit, develop and retain high quality personnel as well as having adequate succession plans and back-up operating plans for when critical executives are unable to serve. as demand for qualified personnel in the industry grows, we must continue to effectively recruit, train, motivate and retain our employees, both shoreside and on our ships, in order to effectively compete in our industry, maintain our current business and support our projected global growth. in addition, we may experience difficulties in recruiting and retaining qualified personnel if we reduce the levels of fixed or variable compensation that we offer (including equity compensation impacted by the trading price of our equity), whether in response to the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic or otherwise.
as of december 31, 2020, approximately 89% of our shipboard employees were covered by collective bargaining agreements. a dispute under our collective bargaining agreements could result in a work stoppage of those employees covered by the agreements. we may not be able to satisfactorily renegotiate these collective bargaining agreements when they expire. in addition, existing collective bargaining agreements may not prevent a strike or work stoppage on our ships. we may also be subject to or affected by work stoppages unrelated to our business or collective bargaining agreements. any such work stoppages or potential work stoppages could have a material adverse effect on our financial results, as could a loss of key employees, our inability to recruit or retain qualified personnel or disruptions among our personnel.
if we are unable to keep pace with developments in technology or technological obsolescence, including technology in response to the covid-19 pandemic, our operations or competitive position could become impaired.
our business continues to demand the use of sophisticated technology and systems. these technologies and systems require significant investment and must be proven, refined, updated, upgraded and/or replaced with more advanced systems in order to continue to meet our customers' demands and expectations. if we are unable to do so in a timely manner or within reasonable cost parameters or if we are unable to appropriately and timely train our employees to operate any of these new systems, our business could suffer. we also may not achieve the benefits that we anticipate from any new technology or system, which could result in higher than anticipated costs or impair our operating results.
in response to the covid-19 pandemic, there has been a search for technology to accurately detect, either directly or indirectly, whether an individual is or has been infected with the virus or has been exposed to someone who is or might be infected. while this technology is in the early stages, as this technology continues to develop we may be faced with decisions regarding what technology to adopt for testing our passengers and employees, and what safety procedures to adopt for future sailings. we may be unable to obtain appropriate technology in a timely manner or at all or we may incur significant costs in doing so. a failure to adopt the appropriate technology, a failure or obsolescence in the technology that we do adopt, or a failure in our safety procedures could adversely affect our results of operations.
we are exposed to cyber security attacks and data breaches, including the risks and costs associated with protecting our systems and maintaining integrity and security of our business information, as well as personal data of our guests, employees and business partners.
we are subject to cyber security attacks. these cyber attacks can vary in scope and intent from attacks with the objective of compromising our systems, networks and communications for economic gain to attacks with the objective of disrupting, disabling or otherwise compromising our maritime and/or shoreside operations. the attacks can encompass a wide range of methods and intent, including phishing attacks, illegitimate requests for payment, theft of intellectual property, theft of confidential or non-public information, installation of malware, installation of ransomware and theft of personal or business information. the breadth and scope of these attacks, as well as the techniques and sophistication used to conduct these attacks, have grown over time.
a successful cyber security attack may target us directly, or it may be the result of a third party's inadequate care. in either scenario, the company may suffer damage to its systems and data that could interrupt our operations, adversely impact our reputation and brand and expose us to increased risks of governmental investigation, litigation, fines and other liability, any of which could adversely affect our business. furthermore, responding to such an attack and mitigating the risk of future attacks could result in additional operating and capital costs in systems technology, personnel, monitoring and other investments.
in addition, we are also subject to various risks associated with the collection, handling, storage and transmission of sensitive information. in the course of doing business, we collect large volumes of employee, customer and other third-party data, including personally identifiable information and individual credit data, for various business purposes. we are subject to federal, state and international laws (including the european union general data protection regulation), as well as industry standards, relating to the collection, use, retention, security and transfer of personally identifiable information and individual credit data. in many cases, these laws apply not only to third-party transactions, but also to transfers of information between the company and its subsidiaries, and among the company, its subsidiaries and other parties with which the company has commercial relations. several jurisdictions have passed laws in this area, and other jurisdictions are considering imposing additional restrictions. these laws continue to develop and may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. complying with emerging and changing international requirements has caused, and may cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices. if we fail to comply with the various applicable data collection and privacy laws, we could be exposed to fines, penalties, restrictions, litigation or other expenses, and our business could be adversely impacted.
while we continue to evolve our cyber security practices in line with our business' reliance on technology and the changing external threat landscape, and we invest time, effort and financial resources to secure our systems, networks and communications, our security measures cannot provide absolute assurance that we will be successful in preventing or responding to all cyber security attacks. there can be no assurance that any breach or incident will not have a material impact on our operations and financial results.
any breach, theft, loss, or fraudulent use of guest, employee, third-party or company data, could adversely impact our reputation and brand and our ability to retain or attract new customers, and expose us to risks of data loss, business disruption, governmental investigation, litigation and other liability, any of which could adversely affect our business. significant capital investments and other expenditures could be required to remedy the problem and prevent future breaches, including costs associated with additional security technologies, personnel, experts and credit monitoring services for those whose data has been breached. further, if we or our vendors experience significant data security breaches or fail to detect and appropriately respond to significant data security breaches, we could be exposed to government enforcement actions and private litigation.
litigation, enforcement actions, fines or penalties could adversely impact our financial condition or results of operations and/or damage our reputation.
our business is subject to various u.s. and international laws and regulations that could lead to enforcement actions, fines, civil or criminal penalties or the assertion of litigation claims and damages. in addition, improper conduct by our employees, agents or joint venture partners could damage our reputation and/or lead to litigation or legal proceedings that could result in civil or criminal penalties, including substantial monetary fines. in certain circumstances it may not be economical to defend against such matters and/or our legal strategy may not ultimately result in us prevailing in a matter. such events could lead to an adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations. in addition, we have experienced, and may continue to experience, increases in litigation pertaining to the covid-19 crisis, including potential claims for non-refundable cash deposits. we cannot predict the quantum or outcome of any such proceedings and the impact that they will have on our financial results, but any such impact may be material. while some of these claims are covered by insurance, we cannot be certain that all of them will be, which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations cautionary note concerning forward-looking statements the discussion under this caption "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" and elsewhere in this document, includes "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. all statements other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding our expectations for the first quarter and full year of 2021, business and industry prospects or future results of operations or financial position, made in this annual report on form 10-k are forward-looking. words such as "anticipate," "believe," "could," "estimate," "expect," "goal," "intend," "may," "plan," "project," "seek," "should," "will," "driving" and similar expressions are intended to further identify any of these forward-looking statements. forward-looking statements reflect management's current expectations but they are based on judgments and are inherently uncertain. furthermore, they are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from the future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied in those forward-looking statements. examples of these risks, uncertainties and other factors include, but are not limited to, those discussed in this annual report on form 10-k and, in particular, the risks discussed under the caption "risk factors" in part i, item 1a herein.
overview the discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is organized to present the following:
•a review of our critical accounting policies and of our financial presentation, including discussion of certain operational and financial metrics we utilize to assist us in managing our business;
•a discussion of our liquidity and capital resources, including our future capital and contractual commitments and potential funding sources.
a discussion of our results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the year ended december 31, 2018 is included in part ii. item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019, filed with the sec on february 25, 2020, as updated by our current report on form 8-k dated may 13, 2020, and is incorporated by reference into this form 10-k.
critical accounting policies our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("gaap"). (refer to note 1. general and note 2. summary of significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data). certain of our accounting policies are deemed "critical," as they require management's highest degree of judgment, estimates and assumptions. we have discussed these accounting policies and estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors. we believe our most critical accounting policies are as follows:
liquidity and covid-19
the effects of covid-19 have had and continue to have a material negative impact on our operations, financial results and liquidity. the full extent of the impact will be determined by the length of time covid-19 influences our industry and our eventual gradual return to service. given the ongoing effects of covid-19 on our operations and global bookings, we have identified the estimation of our future liquidity requirements as a critical accounting policy.
the estimation of our future liquidity requirements includes numerous assumptions that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. the principal assumptions used to estimate our future liquidity requirements during our out-of-service period consist of:
•expected incremental expenses for the resumption of cruise operations, for the maintenance of additional public health protocols and procedures for additional regulations.
the assumptions used to estimate our liquidity requirements are frequently and continuously evaluated because of the unprecedented non-operational environment we are experiencing due to covid-19. in addition, the magnitude, duration and speed of the global pandemic continues to be uncertain. as a result, we have made reasonable estimates and judgments of the impact of covid-19 on our liquidity within our financial statements and there may be changes to those estimates in future periods.
we have taken and will continue to take actions to improve our liquidity, including:
•reduction of capital expenditures;
•amending credit agreements to defer payments and covenant requirements, as well as extend maturity dates;
•raising capital through debt and stock issuances; and
ship accounting ships represent our most significant assets and are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. depreciation of ships is generally computed net of a 10%-15% projected residual value, using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the asset, which is generally 30-35 years. the 30-35 year useful life and 10%-15% residual value is the weighted-average of all major components of a ship. our useful life and residual value estimates take into consideration the impact of anticipated technological changes, long-term cruise and vacation market conditions and historical useful lives of similarly-built ships. in addition, we take into consideration our estimates of the weighted-average useful lives of the ships' major component systems, such as hull, superstructure, main electric, engines and cabins. we employ a cost allocation methodology at the component level, in order to support the estimated weighted-average useful lives and residual values, as well as to determine the net cost basis of assets being replaced. given the very large and complex nature of our ships, our accounting estimates related to ships and determinations of ship improvement costs to be capitalized require considerable judgment and are inherently uncertain. we do not have cost segregation studies performed to specifically componentize our ship systems. however, we estimate the costs, useful lives and residual values of component systems based principally on general and technical information known about major ship component systems and their lives, as well as our knowledge of the cruise vacation industry. we do not identify and track depreciation by ship component systems, but instead utilize these estimates to determine the net cost basis of assets replaced or refurbished. improvement costs that we believe add value to our ships are capitalized as additions to the ship and depreciated over the shorter of the improvements' estimated useful lives or that of the associated ship. the estimated cost and accumulated depreciation of replaced or refurbished ship components are written off and any resulting losses are recognized within cruise operating expenses in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).
we periodically review estimated useful lives and residual values for ongoing reasonableness, considering long term views on our intended use of each class of ships and the planned level of improvements to maintain and enhance vessels within those classes. in the event a factor is identified that may trigger a change in the estimated useful lives and residual values of our ships, a review of the estimate is completed. in the fourth quarter of 2019, we completed a modernization of the oasis of the seas under our ship upgrade program. the level of capital investment, as well as planned investment levels in the other ships within the oasis class, triggered a review of the estimated useful lives and residual values of the oasis-class ships. following a review of the estimate, considering the intended use of the vessel and assessment of the estimated lives of component assets forming the oasis class ships, we concluded a change to the estimated lives and residual values of oasis class ships was required. effective fourth quarter of 2019, we revised the estimated useful lives and residual values of the oasis-class ships from 30 years with a 15% residual value to 35 years with a 10% residual value. the change in the estimated useful lives and residual values was accounted for prospectively as a change in accounting estimate. for further information regarding this change in accounting estimate, refer to note 2. summary of significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
we use the deferral method to account for drydocking costs. under the deferral method, drydocking costs incurred are deferred and charged to expense on a straight-line basis over the period to the next scheduled drydock, which we estimate to be a period of thirty to sixty months based on the vessel's age as required by class. deferred drydock costs consist of the costs to drydock the vessel and other costs incurred in connection with the drydock which are necessary to maintain the vessel's class certification. class certification is necessary in order for our cruise ships to be flagged in a specific country, obtain liability insurance and legally operate as passenger cruise ships. the activities associated with those drydocking costs cannot be performed while the vessel is in service and, as such, are done during a drydock as a planned major maintenance activity. the significant deferred drydock costs consist of hauling and wharfage services provided by the drydock facility, hull inspection and related activities (e.g., scraping, pressure cleaning, bottom painting), maintenance to steering propulsion, thruster equipment and ballast tanks, port services such as tugs, pilotage and line handling, and freight associated with these items. we perform a detailed analysis of the various activities performed for each drydock and only defer those costs that are directly related to planned major maintenance activities necessary to maintain class. the costs deferred are related to activities not otherwise routinely periodically performed to maintain a vessel's designed and intended operating capability. repairs and maintenance activities are charged to expense as incurred.
we use judgment when estimating the period between drydocks, which can result in adjustments to the estimated amortization of drydock costs. if the vessel is disposed of before the next drydock, the remaining balance in deferred drydock is written-off to the gain or loss upon disposal of vessel in the period in which the sale takes place. we also use judgment when identifying costs incurred during a drydock which are necessary to maintain the vessel's class certification as compared to those costs attributable to repairs and maintenance which are expensed as incurred.
we believe we have made reasonable estimates for ship accounting purposes. however, should certain factors or circumstances cause us to revise our estimates of ship useful lives or projected residual values, depreciation expense could be materially higher or lower. if circumstances cause us to change our assumptions in making determinations as to whether ship improvements should be capitalized, the amounts we expense each year as repairs and maintenance costs could increase, partially offset by a decrease in depreciation expense. if we had reduced our estimated average ship useful life by one year, depreciation expense for 2020 would have increased by approximately $157.3 million. if our ships were estimated to have no residual value, depreciation expense for 2020 would have increased by approximately $345.3 million. we have evaluated our estimated ship useful lives and projected residual values in light of our current environment and determined that there are no changes to these estimates based on our return to service expectations.
business combinations on july 31, 2018, we acquired a 66.7% equity stake in silversea cruises for $1.02 billion in cash and contingent consideration. refer to note 3. business combination to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information on the acquisition.
on july 9, 2020, we acquired the remaining 33.3% interest in silversea cruises that we did not already own (the "noncontrolling interest") from heritage. as a result of the acquisition of the noncontrolling interest, silversea cruises is now a wholly owned cruise brand. as consideration for the noncontrolling interest, we issued to heritage 5.2 million shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of royal caribbean cruises ltd. pursuant to the agreement governing the acquisition, among other things, the parties terminated any existing obligation to issue heritage any contingent consideration, at fair value, in connection with our acquisition of a 66.7% interest in silversea cruises on july 31, 2018. the share purchase did not result in a change of control. the purchase was accounted for as an equity transaction and no gain or loss was recognized in earnings. refer to note 11. redeemable noncontrolling interest to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information regarding our acquisition of silversea cruises' noncontrolling interest.
we account for business combinations in accordance with asc 805, business combinations, by applying the acquisition method of accounting. the acquisition method of accounting requires that we record the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, and the noncontrolling interest, if any, at their respective fair values at the acquisition date. goodwill is recognized as the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired. significant estimates and assumptions are made by management to value such assets and liabilities based on third party valuations such as appraisals or internal valuations based on discounted cash flow analyses or other valuation techniques. although we believe that those estimates and assumptions are reasonable and appropriate, they are inherently uncertain and subject to change. if during the measurement period (not to exceed one year), additional information is obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date related to the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, we may adjust our estimates to account for subsequent adjustments to the provisional amounts recognized at the acquisition date, resulting in an offsetting adjustment to the goodwill associated with the business acquired.
uncertain tax positions and tax-related valuation allowances are initially established in connection with a business combination as of the acquisition date. our purchase price measurement period for the silversea cruises 2018 acquisition was closed during 2019.
any contingent consideration is estimated at fair value at the acquisition date. liability-classified contingent consideration is remeasured each reporting period, with changes in fair value recognized in earnings until the contingent consideration is settled.
valuation of goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets and long-lived assets we review goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at the reporting unit level annually or, when events or circumstances dictate, more frequently. the impairment review for goodwill consists of a qualitative assessment of whether it is more-likely than-not that a reporting unit's fair value is less than its carrying value, and if necessary, a goodwill impairment test. factors to consider when performing the qualitative assessment include general economic conditions, limitations on accessing capital, changes in forecasted operating results, changes in fuel prices and fluctuations in foreign exchange rates.
the goodwill impairment analysis consists of a comparison of the fair value of the reporting unit with its carrying value. we typically estimate the fair value of our reporting units using a probability-weighted discounted cash flow model, which may also include a combination of a market-based valuation approach. the estimation of fair value utilizing discounted expected future cash flows includes numerous uncertainties which require our significant judgment when making assumptions of expected revenues, operating costs, marketing, selling and administrative expenses, interest rates, ship additions and retirements as well as assumptions regarding the cruise vacation industry's competitive environment and general economic and business conditions, among other factors. the principal assumptions used in the discounted cash flow model for our 2020 impairment assessments were:
•the timing of our return to service, changes in market conditions and port or other restrictions;
•weighted average cost of capital (i.e., discount rate).
the discounted cash flow model uses the most current projected operating results for the upcoming fiscal year as a base. to that base, we add future years' cash flows based on multiple revenue and expense scenarios reflecting the impact of various return to service management assumptions beyond the base year on the reporting unit. we discount the projected cash flows using rates specific to the reporting unit based on its weighted-average cost of capital.
if the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, no write-down of goodwill is required. as amended by asu no. 2017-04, intangibles - goodwill and other (topic 350) - simplifying the test for goodwill impairment, if the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying value of its net assets, an impairment is recognized based on the amount by which the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, not to exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to such reporting unit.
the impairment review for indefinite-life intangible assets can be performed using a qualitative or quantitative impairment assessment. the quantitative assessment consists of a comparison of the fair value of the asset with its carrying value. we estimate the fair value of these assets using a discounted cash flow model and various valuation methods depending on the nature of the intangible asset, such as the relief-from-royalty method, for trademarks and trade names. the principal assumptions used in the discounted cash flow model for our 2020 impairment assessments were:
•weighted average cost of capital (i.e., discount rate).
if the carrying value exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. if the fair value exceeds its carrying value, the indefinite-life intangible asset is not considered impaired. other intangible assets assigned finite useful lives are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. refer to note 6. intangible assets to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplemental data for further information on indefinite-life intangible assets.
we review our ships and other long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate, based on estimated undiscounted future cash flows, that the carrying value of these assets may not be fully recoverable. we evaluate asset impairment at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. the lowest level for which we maintain identifiable cash flows that are independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities is at the ship level for our ships. if estimated future cash flows are less than the carrying value of an asset, an impairment charge is recognized to the extent its carrying value exceeds fair value. refer to note 7. property and equipment to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplemental data for further information on determination of fair value for long-lived assets.
we estimate fair value based on quoted market prices in active markets, if available. if active markets are not available, we base fair value on independent appraisals, sales price negotiations and projected future cash flows discounted at a rate estimated by management to be commensurate with the business risk. quoted market prices are often not available for individual reporting units and for indefinite-life intangible assets. accordingly, we estimate the fair value of a reporting unit and an indefinite-life intangible asset using an expected present value technique.
the outbreak of covid-19 has resulted in an unprecedented global response to contain the spread and control the resurgence of the disease. these global efforts have resulted in travel restrictions and created significant uncertainty regarding worldwide port closures and availability of ports and destinations generally. as part of the global containment effort, the company previously announced a voluntary suspension of its global brands' cruise operations through at least april 30, 2021, for most of our cruise operations.
as a result of the developments in 2020, we performed interim impairment evaluations, in addition to our annual impairment reviews, of certain of our goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets and long-lived assets in connection with the preparation of our 2020 quarterly and annual financial statements, as further discussed below.
royal caribbean international reporting unit we performed interim impairment evaluations of royal caribbean international's goodwill in connection with the preparation of our quarterly financial statements for the periods ended march 31, 2020 and june 30, 2020 due to the significant impact that covid-19 has had on our projected cash flows and triggering events identified in those quarters. our extended suspension of our operations and the possibility of further extensions created some uncertainty in forecasting the operating results and future cash flows used in our impairment analyses. as a result of the tests, we determined that the fair value of the royal caribbean international reporting unit exceeded its carrying value by approximately 30% and 8% as of march 31, 2020 and june 30, 2020, respectively, resulting in no impairment to the royal caribbean international goodwill in those periods. the fair value of the royal caribbean international reporting unit as of march 31, 2020 was determined using a discounted cash flow model and a probability-weighted discounted cash flow model in combination with a market based valuation approach for the june 30, 2020 and november 30, 2020 assessments. we did not perform interim impairment evaluation of royal caribbean international's goodwill during the quarter ended september 30, 2020 as no triggering events were identified.
during the fourth quarter of 2020, we performed our annual impairment review of goodwill for royal caribbean international's reporting unit. we did not perform a qualitative assessment but instead proceeded directly to the goodwill impairment test. as a result of the test, we determined the fair value of the royal caribbean international reporting unit exceeded its carrying value by approximately 14% resulting in no impairment to royal caribbean international's goodwill. as of december 31, 2020, the carrying value of goodwill attributable to our royal caribbean reporting unit was $296.6 million.
silversea cruises reporting unit we performed interim impairment evaluations of silversea cruises' goodwill and trade name in connection with the preparation of our financial statements for the quarter ended march 31, 2020. as a result of these analyses, we determined that the carrying value of the silversea cruises reporting unit exceeded its fair value. similarly, we determined that the carrying value of silversea cruises' trade name exceeded its fair value. accordingly, upon the completion of the impairment test, we recognized impairment charges of $576.2 million and $30.8 million for goodwill and the trade name, respectively, during the quarter ended march 31, 2020. we estimated the fair value of the silversea cruises reporting unit using a probability-weighted discounted cash flow model in combination with a market based valuation approach. we did not perform interim impairment evaluations of silversea cruises' reporting unit or trade names during the quarters ended june 30, 2020 and september 30, 2020 as no triggering events were identified.
during the fourth quarter of 2020, we performed our annual impairment review of silversea cruises' goodwill. we did not perform a qualitative assessment but instead proceeded directly to the goodwill impairment test. as a result of the test, we determined the fair value of the silversea cruises reporting unit exceeded its carrying value by approximately 12%, resulting in no impairment to silversea cruises' goodwill. as of december 31, 2020, the carrying value of goodwill attributable to our silversea cruises reporting unit was $508.6 million.
during the fourth quarter of 2020, we performed our annual impairment review of silversea cruises' trade name. as a result of the quantitative test, we determined that the fair value of the silversea cruises' trade name exceeded its carrying value by approximately 3%, resulting in no impairment to silversea cruises' trade name. we will continue to closely monitor the change in fair value of the silversea cruises' trade name. any further adverse developments due to covid-19 or other events affecting the projected cash flows for silversea cruises may lead to further impairment of the silversea cruises' trade name. as of december 31, 2020 and 2019, the carrying value of indefinite-life intangible assets was $321.5 million and $352.3 million, respectively, which primarily relates to the silversea cruises trade name.
long-lived assets events surrounding the covid-19 pandemic negatively impacted the expected undiscounted cash flows of certain of our long-lived assets. we evaluated these assets during the year ended 2020 pursuant to our long-lived asset impairment test which resulted in an impairment charge of $464.2 million during the year ended december 31, 2020, to write down certain ships operated by our global brands to their estimated fair values. the amount also includes impairment charges for ships that our global brands disposed of during 2020 as well as the three azamara ships.
during the year ended december 31, 2020, we also determined that certain construction in progress projects would be reduced in scope or would no longer be completed as a result of our capital cost containment measures in response to the covid-19 impact on our liquidity. this led to an impairment charge of $91.5 million of construction in progress assets reported in property and equipment, net.
in addition, during the year ended december 31, 2020, we identified that the undiscounted cash flows for certain right-of-use assets were less than their carrying values due to the negative impact of covid-19. we evaluated these assets pursuant to our long-lived asset impairment test, resulting in an impairment charge of $65.9 million to write down these assets to their estimated fair values during the year ended december 31, 2020.
the combined impairment charge of $1.5 billion primarily related to our goodwill, trademarks and trade names, vessels, construction in progress, and right-of-use assets were recognized in earnings during the year ended december 31, 2020 and is reported within impairment and credit losses within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). these impairment assessments and the resulting charges were determined based on management's current estimates and projections using information through the time of the issuance of these financial statements. the adverse impact that covid-19 will continue to have on our business, operating results, cash flows and overall financial condition is uncertain and may result in changes to the assumptions used in the impairment tests discussed above, which may result in additional impairments of our goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets and long-lived assets in the future. refer to risk factors in part 1, item 1a. for further discussion on risks related to the covid-19 pandemic.
derivative instruments we enter into various forward, swap and option contracts to manage our interest rate exposure and to limit our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and fuel prices. these instruments are recorded on the balance sheet at their fair value and the vast majority are designated as hedges. we also use non-derivative financial instruments designated as hedges of our net investment in our foreign operations and investments. although certain of our derivative financial instruments do not qualify or are not accounted for under hedge accounting, we do not hold or issue derivative financial instruments for trading or other speculative purposes. we account for derivative financial instruments in accordance with authoritative guidance. refer to note 2. summary of significant accounting policies and note 19. commitments and contingencies to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for more information on related authoritative guidance, the company's hedging programs and derivative financial instruments.
on a regular basis, we enter into foreign currency forward contracts, interest rate and fuel swaps and options with third-party institutions in over-the-counter markets. we estimate the fair value of our foreign currency forward contracts and interest rate swaps using expected future cash flows based on the instruments' contract terms and published forward prices for foreign currency exchange and interest rates. we value floors which are embedded within our interest rate swaps using standard option pricing models with inputs based on the options' contract terms, such as exercise price and maturity, and readily available market data, such as forward interest rates and interest rate volatility. we apply present value techniques and libor or euribor-based discount rates to convert the expected future cash flows to the current fair value of the instruments.
we adjust the valuation of our derivative financial instruments to incorporate credit risk.
we believe it is unlikely that materially different estimates for the fair value of our foreign currency forward contracts and interest rate and fuel swaps and options would be derived from other appropriate valuation models using similar assumptions, inputs or conditions suggested by actual historical experience.
future suspension of our operations or modifications to our itineraries may affect our expected forecasted fuel purchases which could result in further discontinuance of fuel swap cash flow hedge accounting and the reclassification of deferred gains or losses from accumulated other comprehensive loss into earnings.  refer to risk factors in part 1, item 1a. for further discussion on risks related to the covid-19 pandemic.
contingencies-litigation on an ongoing basis, we assess the potential liabilities related to any lawsuits or claims brought against us. while it is typically very difficult to determine the timing and ultimate outcome of such actions, we use our best judgment to determine if it is probable that we will incur an expense related to the settlement or final adjudication of such matters and whether a reasonable estimation of such probable loss, if any, can be made. in assessing probable losses, we take into consideration estimates of the amount of insurance recoveries, if any, which are recorded as assets when recoverability is probable. we accrue a liability when we believe a loss is probable and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. due to the inherent uncertainties related to the eventual outcome of litigation and potential insurance recoveries, it is possible that certain matters may be resolved for amounts materially different from any provisions or disclosures that we have previously made.
seasonality our revenues are seasonal based on demand for cruises. demand is strongest for cruises during the northern hemisphere's summer months and holidays. in order to mitigate the impact of the winter weather in the northern hemisphere and to capitalize on the summer season in the southern hemisphere, our brands have focused on deployment to the caribbean, asia and australia during that period.
financial presentation description of certain line items revenues our revenues are comprised of the following:
•onboard and other revenues, which consist primarily of revenues from the sale of goods and/or services onboard our ships not included in passenger ticket prices, cancellation fees, sales of vacation protection insurance, pre- and post-cruise tours and fees for operating certain port facilities. onboard and other revenues also include revenues we receive from independent third party concessionaires that pay us a percentage of their revenues in exchange for the right to provide selected goods and/or services onboard our ships, as well as revenues received for our bareboat charter, procurement and management related services we perform on behalf of our unconsolidated affiliates.
•commissions, transportation and other expenses, which consist of those costs directly associated with passenger ticket revenues, including travel agent commissions, air and other transportation expenses, port costs that vary with passenger head counts and related credit card fees;
•onboard and other expenses, which consist of the direct costs associated with onboard and other revenues, including the costs of products sold onboard our ships, vacation protection insurance premiums, costs associated with pre- and post-cruise tours and related credit card fees as well as the minimal costs associated with concession revenues, as the costs are mostly incurred by third-party concessionaires and costs incurred for the procurement and management related services we perform on behalf of our unconsolidated affiliates;
•payroll and related expenses, which consist of costs for shipboard personnel (costs associated with our shoreside personnel are included in marketing, selling and administrative expenses);
•other operating expenses, which consist primarily of operating costs such as repairs and maintenance, port costs that do not vary with passenger head counts, vessel related insurance, entertainment and gains and/or losses related to the sale of our ships, if any.
selected operational and financial metrics we utilize a variety of operational and financial metrics which are defined below to evaluate our performance and financial condition. as discussed in more detail herein, certain of these metrics are non-gaap financial measures. these non-gaap financial measures are provided along with the related gaap financial measures as we believe they provide useful information to investors as a supplement to our consolidated financial statements, which are prepared and presented in accordance with gaap. the presentation of non-gaap financial information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with gaap.
adjusted net (loss) income represents net (loss) income less net income attributable to noncontrolling interest excluding certain items that we believe adjusting for is meaningful when assessing our performance on a comparative basis. for the periods presented, these items included (i) asset impairment and credit losses recorded in 2020 as a result of the impact of covid-19; (ii) equity investment impairment charges recorded in the first quarter of 2020 as a result of the impact of covid-19; (iii) currency translation losses recognized in connection with the ships that were previously chartered to pullmantur; (iv) the estimated cash refund expected to be paid to pullmantur guests and other expenses incurred as part of the pullmantur s.a. reorganization; (v) restructuring charges incurred in relation to the reduction in our u.s. workforce and other initiatives expenses in 2020 and the reorganization of our international sales and marketing structure primarily in 2019; (vi) the amortization of non-cash debt discount on our convertible notes; (vii) loss on the extinguishment of debt; (viii) the amortization of the silversea cruises intangible assets resulting from the 2018 acquisition; (ix) the noncontrolling interest adjustment to exclude the impact of the contractual accretion requirements associated with the put option held by heritage cruise holding ltd. ("heritage"), prior to the july 2020 noncontrolling interest purchase; (x) the change in fair value in the silversea cruises contingent consideration; (xi) net insurance recoveries or costs related to the collapse of the drydock structure at the grand bahama shipyard involving oasis of the seas; (xii) transaction costs related to the 2018 silversea cruises acquisition; (xiii) the impairment loss and other costs related to the exit of our tour operations business; (xiv) the impairment loss related to skysea holding; and (xv) the impact of the change in accounting principle related to the recognition of stock-based compensation expense from the graded attribution method to the straight-line attribution method for time-based stock awards.
available passenger cruise days ("apcd") is our measurement of capacity and represents double occupancy per cabin multiplied by the number of cruise days for the period, which excludes canceled cruise days and drydock days. we use this measure to perform capacity and rate analysis to identify our main non-capacity drivers that cause our cruise revenue and expenses to vary.
occupancy, in accordance with cruise vacation industry practice, is calculated by dividing passenger cruise days by apcd. a percentage in excess of 100% indicates that three or more passengers occupied some cabins.
although discussed in prior periods, we did not report nor reconcile our gross yields, net revenues, net yields, gross cruise costs, net cruise costs and net cruise costs excluding fuel, as defined in our annual report on form 10-k for twelve months ended december 31, 2019. historically, we have utilized these financial metrics to measure relevant rate comparisons to other periods. however, our 2020 reduction in capacity and revenues and the shift in the nature of our running costs due to the suspension of our operations as a result of the covid-19 pandemic ("covid-19") do not allow for a meaningful comparison to the prior period metrics and as such these metrics have been excluded from this report.
the disruptions to our operations resulting from covid-19 have had, and continue to have, a material negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations. the outbreak of covid-19 has resulted in an unprecedented global response to contain the spread of the disease. these global efforts have resulted in travel restrictions and created significant uncertainty regarding worldwide port closures and availability of ports and destinations generally. as part of the global containment effort, we previously announced a voluntary suspension of our global brands' cruise operations beginning march 13, 2020, which has been extended through at least april 30, 2021, for most of our cruise operations.
we continue to work with government and health authorities across the globe to address the unique public health challenges posed by covid-19 and expect to re-start our global cruise operation in a phased manner. notably, we resumed limited cruise operations outside of the u.s. in july and september with tui cruises and hapag-lloyd, respectively, for a limited period. recently, we also received approval from the singaporean government to resume sailings out of singapore. as a result, quantum of the seas, a ship from the royal caribbean international fleet, resumed cruising from singapore in december 2020. these initial cruises are and will most likely continue to take place with reduced guest occupancy, modified itineraries and enhanced health protocols developed in collaboration with governments and health authorities.
cdc framework for conditional sailing order on and effective as of october 30, 2020, the u.s. centers for disease control and prevention ("cdc") issued a framework for conditional sailing order (the "conditional order") that will conditionally permit cruise ship passenger operations in u.s. waters under certain conditions and using a phased approach. the conditional order replaces the cdc's no sail order that expired on october 31, 2020 and will remain in effect until the earlier of (1) the expiration of the secretary of health and human services' declaration that covid-19 constitutes a public health emergency, (2) the rescission or modification by the cdc director of the conditional order based on specific public health or other considerations, or (3) november 1, 2021. see part i. item 1. business - regulation for further details on the conditional order.
we are working with both the cdc and the healthy sail panel ("hsp"), formed in june 2020 by us and norwegian cruise line holdings ltd. and composed of leading experts in relevant fields, including epidemiology, infectious diseases, public policy and regulation, engineering and general health safety, to prepare and develop our plan to meet the framework for the conditional order. while the conditional order represents an important step in our return to service, many uncertainties remain as to the specifics, timing and costs of administering and implementing the requirements of the conditional order, some of which may be significant. further, the conditional order contemplates that the cdc may issue additional requirements through technical instructions or orders as needed and that the phases described above will be further determined based on public health considerations, including the trajectory of the pandemic and the ability of cruise ship operators to successfully employ measures that mitigate the risk of covid-19. based on our assessment of these conditions or for other reasons, we may determine it necessary to further extend our voluntary suspension of our global brands' cruise sailings which currently extends through at least april 30, 2021, for most of our cruise operations.
update on bookings booking activity for the second half of 2021 is aligned with our anticipated resumption of cruises. pricing on these bookings is higher than 2019 both including and excluding the dilutive impact of future cruise credits (fccs). while the brands are still in the process of opening for sale the remainder of their 2022/2023 seasons, first and second quarter 2022 sailings have been open for some time. cumulative advance bookings for the first half of 2022 are within historical ranges and at higher prices. this was achieved with minimal sales and marketing spend, which we believe highlights a strong long-term demand for cruising.
since our last quarterly filing, approximately 75% of bookings made for 2021 are new and the rest are due to the redemption of fccs and our "lift & shift" program. we continue to provide guests who were booked on a suspended sailing with the option to request a refund, to receive an fcc, or to "lift and shift" their booking to the following year.
as of december 31, 2020, we had $1.8 billion in customer deposits of which approximately 50% are fccs and the rest are related to new bookings. approximately 53% of the guests booked on cancelled sailings since our suspension of operations have requested cash refunds.
update on recent liquidity actions and ongoing uses of cash as of december 31, 2020, we had liquidity of approximately $4.4 billion in the form of cash and cash equivalents of $3.7 billion and a $0.7 billion one-year commitment through august 12, 2021, for a 364-day term loan facility. as of december 31, 2020, our revolving credit facilities were fully utilized through a combination of amounts drawn and letters of credit issued under the facilities. given the current environment, we continue to prioritize and bolster liquidity through significant cost and capital expenditure reductions, cash conservation and additional financing sources, as described below, to ensure that we are well positioned for recovery.
•further reduced operating expenses as the company's ships transitioned during the year into various levels of layup;
•reduced and furloughed our workforce, with approximately 23% of our us shoreside employee base being impacted; and
•suspended travel for shoreside employees and instituted a hiring freeze across the organization.•
we may seek to further reduce our average monthly expenses under a further prolonged non-revenue scenario and during the restart of operations. this includes consideration of additional vessels heading to cold layup as well as further assessment of our shoreside workforce, including those coming back from furlough.
reduced capital expenditures since the start of february 2020, we have identified approximately $4.2 billion of total capital expenditure reductions or deferrals in 2020 and 2021. the reductions or deferrals of capital expenditures are comprised of the following:
•$1.4 billion of non-newbuild, discretionary capital expenditures; and
covid-19 has impacted shipyard operations which have and will continue to result in delays of our previously contracted ship deliveries. during 2021, the company expects the delivery of odyssey of the seas and silver dawn during the first and fourth quarters, respectively. as it relates to 2022, the company has two ship deliveries scheduled: wonder of the seas and celebrity beyond. the exact durations of the ship delivery delays are currently under discussion with the impacted shipyards.
debt maturities, new financings and other liquidity actions since the start of february 2020, we have taken several additional actions to further improve our liquidity position and manage cash flow. in particular, we:
•    increased the capacity under our unsecured revolving credit facilities by $0.6 billion, and fully drew on both facilities;
•    entered into a $2.35 billion 364-day senior secured loan agreement in march of 2020, which was repaid in may of 2020 with proceeds from the $3.32 billion senior secured notes ("secured notes") discussed below;
•    issued $3.32 billion in secured notes, of which $1.0 billion is due in 2023 and $2.32 billion is due in 2025. the previously mentioned $2.35 billion, 364-day senior secured loan was repaid in its entirety with a portion of the proceeds of these notes. the secured notes are unconditionally guaranteed by celebrity cruises holdings inc., celebrity cruises inc. and certain of our wholly-owned vessel-owning subsidiaries. $1.66 billion of the obligations under the secured notes and the related guarantees are secured by first priority security interests in collateral, which includes certain of our material intellectual property, a pledge of 100% of the equity interests of certain of our vessel-owning subsidiaries and mortgages on the 28 vessels owned by such subsidiaries;
•    secured deferrals of existing debt amortization under our export-credit backed debt facilities which increased the company's liquidity by an additional $1.5 billion;
•secured a commitment for a $700.0 million 364-day term loan facility available for draw any time prior to august 12, 2021;
•    agreed with certain of our lenders that we will not pay dividends or engage in stock repurchases until at least the end of the third quarter of 2022.
expected debt maturities for 2021 are $0.4 billion, assuming completion of a remaining $0.4 billion in ship principal amortization deferrals. we estimate our cash burn to be, on average, in the range of approximately $250 million to $290 million per month during a prolonged suspension of operations. this range includes all interest expenses, ongoing ship operating expenses, administrative expenses, hedging costs, expected necessary capital expenditures (net of committed financings in the case of newbuilds) and excludes changes in customer deposits, commissions, principal repayments, and fees and collateral postings related to financing and hedging activities.
as we return our fleet into service, we have incurred, as it relates to existing operations, and will incur incremental spend as we bring the ships out of their various levels of layup, return the crew to our vessels, take the necessary steps to ensure compliance with the recommended protocols and gear up our sales and marketing activities.
we continue to identify and evaluate further actions to enhance our liquidity and support our recovery. these include and are not limited to further reductions in capital expenditures, operating expenses and administrative costs and additional financings, and refinancings.
both our non-export credit agency facilities and our export credit agency ("eca") facilities contain covenants that require us, among other things, to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio of at least 1.25x and limit our net debt-to-capital ratio to no more than 62.5%, and under certain facilities, to maintain minimum shareholders' equity. during the course of 2020, we amended our export credit facilities, substantially all of our non-export credit facilities totaling an outstanding amount of $11.2 billion as of december 31, 2020, and our credit card processing agreements in order to waive the applicable financial covenants through and including the fourth quarter of 2021. the remainder of our credit facilities with financial covenants (totaling $130 million as of december 31, 2020) benefit from a financial covenant waiver through and including the first quarter of 2021. certain of these amended agreements impose a monthly-tested liquidity covenant. as of december 31, 2020, the minimum liquidity requirement was $350.0 million. pursuant to these amendments, we have also agreed that we will not pay cash dividends or effectuate share repurchases during the waiver period unless we are in compliance with the fixed charge coverage covenant as of the end of the most recently completed quarter for the duration of the waiver period.
during the first quarter of 2021, we amended $4.9 billion of our non-export credit facilities and certain of our credit card processing agreements to extend the waiver of the financial covenants through and including the third quarter of 2022 or, if earlier, that date falling after january 1, 2022 on which we elect to comply with the modified covenants. in addition, pursuant to the amendments, we have modified the manner in which such covenants are calculated (temporarily in certain cases and permanently in others) as well as the levels at which our net debt to capitalization covenant will be tested during the period commencing immediately following the end of the waiver period and continuing through the end of 2023. the amendments also increase the monthly-tested minimum liquidity covenant to $500 million for the duration of the waiver period (subject to reduction to $350 million, if we raise at least $500 million of additional capital). pursuant to these amendments, the restrictions on paying cash dividends and effectuating share repurchases were extended through and including the third quarter of 2022.
as of december 31, 2020, we were in compliance with the applicable minimum liquidity covenant and we estimate that we will be in compliance for at least the next twelve months. refer to note 9. debt for further information regarding our debt covenants.
during the first quarter of 2021, we also amended $6.2 billion of our export credit facilities to extend the waiver of the financial covenants through and including at least the end of the third quarter of 2022. these amendments also allow for the deferral of up to $1.1 billion of principal payments due between april 2021 and april 2022 subject to the satisfaction of various conditions precedent. as of february 19, 2021, the conditions precedent have been satisfied for 13 of the 15 amended facilities, which will allow us to defer $0.8 billion of amortization payments due during this period. there can be no assurances that the conditions precedent will be met for the remaining two facilities. the deferred amounts will be repayable semi-annually over a five-year period starting in april 2022. pursuant to these amendments, we have agreed to implement the same liquidity covenant that applies in our non-export credit facilities. the amendments also provide for mandatory prepayment of the deferred amounts upon the taking of certain actions. subject to a number of carve-outs, these include, but are not limited to, issuance of dividends, completion of share repurchases, issuances of debt other than for crisis and recovery purposes, the making of loans and the sale of assets other than at arm's length.
in addition, in the fourth quarter of 2020 and the first quarter of 2021, we entered into amendments to our drawn and undrawn eca facilities to provide for the issuance of guarantees in satisfaction of existing obligations under these facilities. following issuance, which in the case of the undrawn facilities, will occur once the debt is drawn, the guarantees will be released under certain circumstances as other debt is repaid or refinanced on an unsecured and unguaranteed basis. in connection with and following the issuance of the guarantees, the guarantor subsidiaries are restricted from issuing additional guarantees in favor of lenders, other than those lenders who are party to the eca facilities, and certain of the guarantor subsidiaries are restricted from incurring additional debt. in addition, the eca facilities will benefit from guarantees to be issued by intermediary parent companies of subsidiaries that take delivery of any new vessels subject to export-credit backed financing.
throughout the covid-19 pandemic, our focus has been on the safety and well-being of our guests and crew, the care of our fleet, and the strength of our liquidity position. we repatriated 46,998 crew members, moved our whole fleet into various level of lay-up and formed an expert panel with norwegian cruise line holdings, called the healthy sail panel ("hsp"), to develop a comprehensive set of enhanced health and safety protocols. based on the detailed scientific recommendations of the hsp we were able to successfully resume operations in singapore, with quantum of the seas, and in europe with tui cruises and hapag-lloyd.
since the suspension of our global cruise operation, we have taken aggressive actions to enhance our liquidity, preserve cash and obtain additional financing. during 2020, we raised approximately $9.3 billion of new capital through a combination of bond issuances, common stock public offerings and other loan facilities. we also reduced our steady-state monthly cruise operating expenses by approximately 80% and reduced the 2020 capital expenditures by $3.0 billion. in addition, in the second quarter of 2020 and the first quarter of 2021, we amended our export credit facilities to allow for the deferral of $1.5 billion of principal amortization through april 2022. we also amended over $11 billion of commercial bank and export credit facilities to provide covenant waivers through at least the third quarter of 2022. given the current environment, we continue to prioritize and bolster our liquidity, working to ensure we are well positioned for recovery. our average cash burn rate continues to be within the range of $250 million - $290 million per month during this prolonged suspension of operations, despite increased interest expenses from additional financing.
during the year ended december 31, 2020, we executed several measures to structurally reduce our cost base, realign our capital allocation and improve our scale and margins. besides working on reducing our g&a expenses and streamlining our procurement efforts, we successfully divested three of our oldest and less efficient ships, empress of the seas, majesty of the seas and celebrity xperience and are assisting in the reorganization in spanish courts of pullmantur cruceros. we also acquired the remaining share of silversea without impacting our liquidity and expanded our joint-venture with tui cruises to include hapag-lloyd cruises. despite disruptions in shipyard operations, we successfully took delivery of three new ships - celebrity apex, silver moon and silver origin. moreover, in january 2021, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell our azamara brand to sycamore partners in an all-cash transaction which is expected to close in the first quarter of 2021. the deal includes azamara's three-ship fleet and associated intellectual property. by reshaping our fleet's efficiency and the corporations' cost structure we are aligning our company to better support our operating leverage and earnings growth during our recovery.
as the pandemic persists, we will continue to search for further opportunities in our operations. as important, we are also focusing on our healthy return-to-service program, as well as returning to financial health.
we continue to work and collaborate with the hsp, epidemiological and policy experts, health authorities and various governments around the globe to ensure a healthy and safe return to cruising for guests, crew and the communities we visit. regarding the resumption of operations out of the u.s., we continue to prepare and develop our plan to meet the framework for conditional sailing order issued by the u.s. centers for disease control and prevention (cdc). overall, and due to the challenges posed by the pandemic, we expect to re-start our global cruise operation in a phased manner with reduced guest occupancy, modified itineraries and enhanced health and safety protocols.
results of operations in addition to the items discussed above under "executive overview," significant items for 2020 include:
•the effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates related to our passenger ticket and onboard and other revenue transactions, denominated in currencies other than the united states dollar, resulted in a decrease in total revenues of $22.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019.
•the effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates related to our cruise operating expenses, denominated in currencies other than the united states dollar, resulted in a decrease in total operating expenses of $11.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019.
•during the year ended december 31, 2020, as a result of the current and expected ongoing impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our operations and cash flows, we recorded total impairment and credit losses of $1.6 billion. the impairment charges related to our goodwill, trademarks and trade names, long-lived assets, including right-of-use assets, and credit losses related to our notes receivable.
•our consolidated results of operations include silversea cruises' results of operations on a three-month reporting lag from october 1, 2019 through september 30, 2020 for the twelve months ended december 31, 2020, from october 1, 2018 through september 30, 2019 in our consolidated results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2019 and from the date of acquisition of july 31, 2018 to september 30, 2018 in our consolidated results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2018. refer to note 1. general to our consolidated financial statements under item 1. financial statements for further information on this three-month reporting lag.
•during the year ended december 31, 2020, we executed and amended various financing arrangements, as summarized below. refer to note 9. debt and note 12. shareholders' equity, to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplemental data for further information on the following underlying financing transactions:
•a $0.6 billion increase in the capacity available under our revolving credit facilities;
•additional liquidity of $6.8 billion through the issuance of new debt, including convertible debt, net of repayments, and the securing of a one-year $700 million commitment for a 364-day term loan facility;
•£300.0 million, or $409.9 million, based on exchange rates as of december 31, 2020, of available and issued liquidity under an unsecured government commercial paper program with the bank of england;
•the deferral of $0.9 million of existing debt amortization under our export-credit backed ship debt facilities through april 2021, which will be paid over a period of four years after the deferral period; and
impairment and credit losses (1)                                                                                                                                       $1,566,380                              $-                              $-
equity investment impairment (2)                                                                                                                                           39,735                               -                               -
recognition of deferred currency translation adjustment loss on sale of assets (3)                                                                                         69,044                               -                               -
oasis of the seas incident, grand bahama's drydock write-off and other incidental expenses (6)                                                                            (1,938)                          35,239                               -
change in the fair value of contingent consideration and amortization of silversea cruises intangible assets related to silversea cruises acquisition (8)                (33,814)                          30,675                           2,046
restructuring charges and other initiatives expense (9)                                                                                                                    51,853                          13,707                               -
transaction and integration costs related to the silversea cruises acquisition (8)                                                                                              -                           2,048                          31,759
impairment and other costs related to exit of tour operations business (12)                                                                                                     -                               -                          11,255
(1)    represents asset impairment and credit losses recorded in 2020 as a result of the impact of covid-19.
(2)    represents equity investment asset impairment, primarily for our investment in grand bahama shipyard, recorded in the first quarter of 2020 as a result of the impact of covid-19.
(3)    represents currency translation losses recognized in connection with the ships sold in 2020 that were previously chartered to pullmantur. refer to note 8. other assets to our consolidated financial statements under item 1. financial statements and supplementary data for further information.
(6)    in 2020, amount includes net insurance recoveries related to the collapse of the drydock structure at the grand bahama shipyard involving oasis of the seas. in 2019, amount includes incidental costs, net of insurance recoveries, of $14.5 million related to the collapse of the drydock structure at the grand bahama shipyard involving oasis of the seas, which were reported primarily within other operating expenses in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended december 31, 2019; and $20.7 million regarding the grand bahama incident involving one of its drydocks, included in equity investment income within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended december 31, 2019. refer to note 8. other assets to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for information.
(7)    in 2020, represents the loss on the extinguishment of the $2.35 billion 364-day senior secured term loan. in 2019, represents the loss on the extinguishment of the $700 million 364-day loan related to the 2018 silversea cruises acquisition and the remaining balance of the unsecured term loan originally incurred in 2010 to purchase allure of the seas.
(8)    related to the 2018 silversea cruises acquisition. refer to note 1. general and note 11. redeemable noncontrolling interest to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for information on the silversea cruises acquisition.
(9)    represents restructuring charges incurred in relation to the reduction in our u.s. workforce and other initiatives expenses in 2020 and the reorganization of our international sales and marketing structure primarily in 2019. refer to note 20. restructuring charges to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information on the restructuring activities.
(10)    adjustment made to exclude the impact of the contractual accretion requirements associated with the put option held by silversea cruises group ltd.'s noncontrolling interest. refer to note 11. redeemable noncontrolling interest to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information on noncontrolling interest.
(12)    in 2014, we created a tour operations business that focused on developing, marketing and selling land based tours around the world through an e-commerce platform. during the second quarter of 2018, we decided to cease operations and exit this business. as a result, we incurred exit costs, primarily consisting of fixed asset impairment charges and severance expense.
(13)    in january 2018, we elected to change our accounting policy from the graded attribution method to the straight-line attribution method for time-based stock awards. refer to note 2. summary of significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information on our accounting policy.
impairment and credit losses                                              70.9   %                     -   %                     -   %
interest expense, net of interest capitalized                           (38.2)   %                 (3.7)   %                 (3.5)   %
equity investment (loss) income                                          (9.7)   %                   2.1   %                   2.2   %
(1)    we acquired silversea cruises on july 31, 2018 and report their results on a three-month reporting lag. as a result, 2020 figures include october 2019 through september 2020 silversea cruises amounts, 2019 figures include october 2018 through september 2019 silversea cruises amounts and 2018 figures include august and september 2018 silversea cruises amounts. refer to note 1. general and note 3. business combination to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information on the three-month reporting lag.
outlook on march 10, 2020, we withdrew our full-year 2020 guidance due to the heightened impact and uncertainty of changes in the magnitude, duration and geographic reach of covid-19. the magnitude, duration and speed of covid-19 and related disruptions remain uncertain. as a consequence, the company cannot reasonably estimate the impact of covid-19 on its business, financial condition or near or longer-term financial or operational results. the adverse impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our revenues, consolidated results of operations, cash flows and financial condition has been and will continue to be material in 2021. we expect to incur a net loss on both a us gaap and adjusted basis for our first quarter of 2021, the extent of which will depend on many factors including the timing and extent of our return to service. see recent developments: covid-19 - update on bookings for further indication of the booking environment for 2021 and 2022.
passenger ticket revenues comprised 68.1% of our 2020 total revenues. passenger ticket revenues decreased by $6.4 billion, or 80.9% from 2019. the decrease was primarily due to a 79.4% decrease in capacity driven by our cancelled sailings resulting from the suspension of our global fleet operations since mid-march 2020 in response to the covid-19 pandemic.
passenger ticket revenues also decreased by $15.7 million due to the unfavorable effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates related to our revenues in currencies other than the united states dollar.
the remaining 31.9% of 2020 total revenues was comprised of onboard and other revenues, which decreased $2.4 billion, or 77.2%. the decrease in onboard and other revenues was primarily due to the 79.4% decrease in capacity noted above.
additionally, onboard and other revenues includes, to a much lesser extent, the unfavorable effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates related to our onboard and other revenues denominated in currencies other than the united states dollar of $6.4 million.
cruise operating expenses total cruise operating expenses for 2020 decreased $3.3 billion, or 54.4%, to $2.8 billion in 2020 from $6.1 billion in 2019. the majority of the decrease was due to the 79.4% decrease in capacity noted above as a result of our cancelled sailings, including:
•the favorable effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates related to our expense transactions denominated in currencies other than the united states dollar of $11.2 million.
marketing, selling and administrative expenses marketing, selling and administrative expenses for 2020 decreased $359.6 million, or 23.1% to $1.2 billion from $1.6 billion in 2019. the decrease was primarily due to the reduction and deferral of global sales and marketing activities due to the suspension of our operations.
depreciation and amortization expenses depreciation and amortization expenses for 2020 increased $33.3 million, or 2.7%, to $1.3 billion. the increase was primarily due to the additions of celebrity apex and silver origin in the first and second quarters of 2020, respectively, and a full year of depreciation in 2020 for spectrum of the seas. additionally, the increase is also attributable to new shipboard additions in 2019 associated with our ship modernization projects and additions related to our shoreside projects.
impairment and credit losses for the year ended december 31, 2020, as a result of the current and expected ongoing impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our operations and cash flows, we recorded total impairment and credit losses of $1.6 billion, most of which was recorded during the three months ended march 31, 2020, related to the impairment of goodwill, intangibles, long-lived assets and credit losses related to the sale of our property and equipment.
interest expense, net of interest capitalized, increased $435.7 million, or 106.7%, to $844.2 million in 2020 from $408.5 million in 2019. the increase was primarily due to new debt issuances in 2020, a higher average balance on our revolver balances and a loss on extinguishment of the $2.35 billion senior secured term loan of $41.1 million.
equity investment (loss) income decreased $444.3 million, or 192.3%, to a loss of $213.3 million in 2020 from income of $231.0 million in 2019 mainly due to losses reported by our equity investments as a result of the adverse impact of covid-19 on their operations and earnings and a $39.7 million impairment charge of equity investments, recorded during the three months ended march 31, 2020, primarily for our investment in grand bahama shipyard.
other expense was $137.1 million in 2020 compared to $24.5 million in 2019. the increase in expense of $112.6 million includes recognition of a deferred currency translation adjustment loss of $69.0 million in the quarter ended june 30, 2020 related to the 2016 sale of our majority interest in the pullmantur brand. we recognized the deferred currency translation loss in 2020 as we no longer have significant involvement in pullmantur's operations. we also recognized $21.6 million of expense during the second quarter of 2020, approximating the estimated total cash refund expected to be paid to pullmantur guests and other expenses incurred as part of a settlement agreement with our joint venture partner as part of the brand's reorganization refer to note 8. other assets to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplemental data for further information on our investment in pullmantur. in addition, we recorded a net $92.0 million loss related to the change in fair value of mostly fuel swap derivative instruments with no hedge accounting. these expenses were partially offset by income of $45.1 million for the change in contingent consideration payable in 2020 to heritage, the former minority shareholder of silversea cruises, and a decrease of $47.6 million in net tax expense mostly attributable to the suspension in our operations.
a discussion of our results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the year ended december 31, 2018 is included in part ii. item 7 of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019, filed with the sec on february 25, 2020, as updated by our current report on form 8-k dated may 13, 2020, and is incorporated by reference into this form 10-k.
future application of accounting standards refer to note 2. summary of significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information on recent accounting pronouncements.
liquidity and capital resources sources and uses of cash as a result of the covid-19 impact on our business, including the suspension of global sailings, we have experienced a decrease in bookings and an increase in customer deposit refunds since the first quarter of 2020, which has significantly affected our liquidity and cash flow.
net cash (used in) provided by operating activities decreased $7.4 billion to cash used of $(3.7) billion for the twelve months ended december 31, 2020, compared to cash provided of $3.7 billion in 2019. the current disruptions to our business led to a decrease in collections from our guests as well as an increase of refunds to guests for cancelled sailings during the twelve months ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019.
net cash provided by operating activities increased $237.2 million to $3.7 billion in 2019 compared to $3.5 billion in 2018. the increase in cash provided by operating activities was primarily attributable to an increase in proceeds from customer deposits, an increase in cash receipts from onboard spending and a decrease in fuel costs in 2019 compared to 2018. additionally, dividends received from unconsolidated affiliates decreased by $92.9 million.
net cash used in investing activities decreased $0.9 billion to $2.2 billion in 2020 compared to $3.1 billion in 2019. the decrease in investing activities was primarily attributable to a decrease in capital expenditures of $1.1 billion.
net cash used in investing activities decreased $1.4 billion to $3.1 billion in 2019 compared to $4.5 billion in 2018. the decrease was primarily attributable to the $916.1 million of cash paid for the acquisition of silversea cruises, net of cash acquired, in 2018, which did not recur in 2019 and a decrease in capital expenditures of $635.4 million due mostly to the delivery of two more ships in 2018 compared to 2019, partially offset by higher fleet modernization costs in 2019 compared to 2018.
net cash provided by financing activities was $9.3 billion in 2020 compared to net cash used in financing activities of $0.7 billion in 2019. the change was primarily attributable to an increase in debt proceeds of $10.0 billion in 2020 compared to the same period in 2019, and $1.4 million in proceeds from common stock issuances on 2020. these proceeds were partially offset by net repayments of commercial paper of $1.1 billion during the twelve months ended december 31, 2020 compared to net borrowings of commercial paper of $0.6 billion during the same period in 2019.
net cash used by financing activities was $0.7 billion in 2019 compared to net cash provided in financing activities of $1.2 billion in 2018. the change was primarily attributable to a decrease in debt proceeds of $5.1 billion in 2019 compared to 2018 primarily due to a decrease in borrowings on our revolving credit facilities and less unsecured term loan borrowings resulting from less ship deliveries in 2019 and the financing of the acquisition of silversea cruises in 2018. this decrease in proceeds was partially offset by a decrease in repayments of debt of $2.9 billion and a decrease in stock repurchases of $475.5 million in 2019 compared to 2018.
future capital commitments capital expenditures our future capital commitments consist primarily of new ship orders. as of december 31, 2020, we have two oasis-class ships, one quantum-class ship, and three ships of a new generation, known as our icon-class, on order for our royal caribbean international brand with an aggregate capacity of approximately 32,400 berths. as of december 31, 2020, we have two edge-class ships on order for our celebrity cruises brand, with an aggregate capacity of approximately 6,500 berths. additionally, as of december 31, 2020, we have three ships on order for our silversea cruises brand with an aggregate capacity of approximately 1,750 berths. refer to item 1. business-operations for further information on our ships on order. for the 15 ships on order we have committed financing arrangements in place covering 80% of the cost of the ship, almost all of which include sovereign financing guarantees. additionally, we have an agreement in place with chantiers de l'atlantique to build an additional edge-class ship for delivery in 2025, which is contingent upon completion of conditions precedent and financing.
as of december 31, 2020, the aggregate cost of our ships on order, not including any ships on order by our partner brands and the silversea cruises ships that remain contingent upon final documentation and financing, was approximately $14.2 billion, of which we had deposited $684.8 million as of such date. approximately 66.3% of the aggregate cost was exposed to fluctuations in the euro exchange rate at december 31, 2020. refer to note 18. fair value measurements and derivative instruments and note 19. commitments and contingencies to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
decreased demand for cruising as a result of concerns regarding the covid-19 pandemic has had, and is expected to continue to have, a material impact on our cash flows, liquidity and financial position. in order to preserve liquidity throughout the covid-19 pandemic, we deferred a significant portion of our planned 2020 and 2021 capital expenditures. as of december 31, 2020, we anticipate overall full year capital expenditures, based on our existing ships on order, will be approximately $2.1 billion for 2021. these amounts do not include any ships on order by our partner brands.
payments due by period less than                          1-3                          3-5                      more than total                         1 year                        years                        years                        5 years operating activities:
investing activities:
financing activities:
capital lease obligations(7)                 213,365                       51,855                         21,335                       11,092                      129,083
(1)   we are obligated under noncancelable operating leases primarily for preferred berthing arrangements, real estate and shipboard equipment. amounts represent contractual obligations with initial terms in excess of one year.
(3)    amounts primarily represent future commitments with remaining terms in excess of one year to pay for our usage of certain port facilities, marine consumables, services and maintenance contracts. included in the 1-3 year figure is estimated cash collateral of $181.1 million that we are required to deliver on or before july 18, 2021 in connection with our port of miami terminal operating lease. see note 10. leases to our consolidated financial statements under item 1. financial statements for further information on the collateral requirement
(4)     amounts are based on contractual installment and delivery dates for our ships on order. included in these figures are $9.4 billion in final contractual installments, which have committed financing. covid-19 has impacted shipyard operations which have and will result in delays for our previously contracted ship deliveries. the exact duration of the ship delivery delays are currently under discussion with the impacted shipyards. amounts do not include potential obligations which remain subject to cancellation at our sole discretion or any agreements entered for ships on order that remain contingent upon completion of conditions precedent. additionally, amounts do not include activity related to silversea cruises, including ships placed on order, if any, during the three-month reporting lag period.
(5)   in june 2020, rcl cruises ltd., we established a commercial paper facility under the joint hm treasury and bank of england's covid corporate financing facility commercial paper program in an aggregate principal amount up to £300.0 million. refer to note 9. debt to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplemental data to our consolidated financial statements for further information.
(6) debt denominated in other currencies is calculated based on the applicable exchange rate at december 31, 2020. in addition, debt obligations presented above are net of debt issuance costs of $314.8 million as of december 31, 2020.
(7)      amounts represent capital lease obligations with initial terms in excess of one year.
(8)     amounts represent fees payable to sovereign guarantors in connection with certain of our export credit debt facilities and facility fees on our revolving credit facilities.
as a normal part of our business, depending on market conditions, pricing and our overall growth strategy, we continuously consider opportunities to enter into contracts for the building of additional ships. we may also consider the sale of ships or the purchase of existing ships. we continuously consider potential acquisitions and strategic alliances. if any of these were to occur, they would be financed through the incurrence of additional indebtedness, the issuance of additional shares of equity securities or through cash flows from operations.
off-balance sheet arrangements tui cruises has entered into various ship construction and credit agreements that include certain restrictions on each of our and tui ag's ability to reduce our current ownership interest in tui cruises below 37.55% through may 2033.
some of the contracts that we enter into include indemnification provisions that obligate us to make payments to the counterparty if certain events occur. these contingencies generally relate to changes in taxes, increased lender capital costs and other similar costs. the indemnification clauses are often standard contractual terms and are entered into in the normal course of business. there are no stated or notional amounts included in the indemnification clauses and we are not able to estimate the maximum potential amount of future payments, if any, under these indemnification clauses. we have not been required to make any payments under such indemnification clauses in the past and, under current circumstances, we do not believe an indemnification obligation is probable.
we have a residual value guarantee associated with our operating lease of a terminal at port of miami in miami, florida that approximates a percentage of cost of the asset as of the inception of the lease. we consider the possibility of incurring costs associated with the residual value guarantee to be remote. also in connection with the port of miami terminal operating lease, we are required to deliver on or before july 18, 2021, cash collateral in an amount equal to the lesser of our residual value guarantee or the aggregate balance of the lessors' terminal construction debt, estimated at $181.1 million as of december 31, 2020. the collateral is to be issued to an escrow agent and pledged to the benefit of the terminal construction debt lenders until all amounts due by us under the lease have been paid in full.
since the covid-19 pandemic began, our senior unsecured ratings from moody's and s&p have been downgraded and are currently b2 and b, respectively. these downgrades reduce our ability to incur secured indebtedness by reducing the amount of indebtedness that we are permitted to secure, and may negatively impact our access to, and cost of, debt financing. additionally, as a result of moody's downgrade of the silversea notes from baa3 to ba2 on august 31, 2020 and s&p's downgrade of silversea cruises' notes from bbb- to bb on august 31, 2020, certain covenants of the indenture governing the silversea notes have been reinstated. on february 25, 2021, s&p global further downgraded the silversea cruises notes from bb to bb-, which had no further impact with respect to the silversea cruises' notes.
the company also has agreements with its credit card processors relating to customer deposits received by the company for future voyages. these agreements allow the credit card processors to require, under certain circumstances, including breach of the financial covenants, the existence of other material adverse changes, excessive chargebacks, and other triggering events, the company to maintain a reserve that can be satisfied by posting collateral.
executed amendments are in place for the majority of these providers, waiving reserve requirements tied to breach of our financial covenants through at least march 31, 2022 or september 30, 2022 depending on the agreement, and as such, we do not anticipate any incremental collateral requirements for the processors covered by these waivers in the next 12 months. we have a $75.0 million held in reserve with a processor where the agreement was amended in the first quarter of 2021, such that future proceeds will be withheld in reserve, of which the maximum projected exposure is approximately $200.0 million. the amount and timing are dependent on future factors that are uncertain, such as the date we return to operations, volume and value of future deposits and whether we transfer our business to other processors. if we require additional waivers on the credit card processing agreements and are not able to obtain them, this could lead to the termination of these agreements or the trigger of reserve requirements.
certain of our surety agreements with third party providers for the benefit of certain agencies and associations that provide travel related bonds allow the surety to request collateral in the form of cash or letters of credit. as of december 31, 2020, we have posted collateral in the amount of approximately $91 million.
as of december 31, 2020, other than the items described above, we are not party to any other off-balance sheet arrangements, including guarantee contracts, retained or contingent interest, certain derivative instruments and variable interest entities, that either have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future material effect on our financial position.
funding needs and sources historically, we relied on a combination of cash flows provided by operations, draw-downs under our available credit facilities, the incurrence of additional debt and/or the refinancing of our existing debt and the issuance of additional shares of equity securities to fund our obligations. the impact of covid-19 resulted in our previously announced voluntary suspension of global brands' cruise operations from march 13, 2020, which has been extended through at least april 30, 2021, for most of our cruise operations. this suspension of operations has strained our sources of cash flow and liquidity, causing us to take actions resulting in reductions in our operating expenses, reductions in our capital expenses and new financings and other liquidity actions.
the company continues to identify and evaluate further actions to improve its liquidity. these include, and are not limited to, further reductions in capital expenditures, operating expenses and administrative costs and additional financings. see further discussion on these liquidity actions at recent developments : covid-19.
we have significant contractual obligations of which our debt service obligations and the capital expenditures associated with our ship purchases represent our largest funding needs. as of december 31, 2020, we had $11.6 billion of committed financing for our ships on order.
as of december 31, 2020, we had $3.9 billion in contractual obligations due through december 31, 2021, of which approximately $1.3 billion relates to debt maturities, $0.9 billion relates to interest on debt and $1.3 billion relates to progress payments on our ship orders and the final installments payable due upon the delivery of odyssey of the seas.
as of december 31, 2020, we had liquidity of $4.4 billion, consisting of cash and cash equivalents of $3.7 billion and a $0.7 billion one-year commitment for a 364-day term loan facility. as of december 31, 2020, our revolving credit facilities were fully utilized through a combination of amounts drawn and letters of credit issued under the facilities. in connection with our debt covenant waiver extensions, we agreed with certain of our lenders not to pay dividends or engage in stock repurchases. refer to note 12. shareholders' equity to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements for further information.
based on our assumptions and estimates and our financial condition, we believe that the liquidity resulting from the actions mentioned above will be sufficient to fund our liquidity requirements over at least the next twelve months from the issuance of these financial statements. however, there is no assurance that our assumptions and estimates are accurate due to possible unknown variables related to this unprecedented suspension of our operations and, as such, there is inherent uncertainty in our ability to predict future liquidity requirements. refer to note 1. general, management's plan and liquidity, to our consolidated financial statements under item 1. financial statements for further information.
under certain of our agreements, the contractual interest rate, facility fee and/or export credit agency fee vary with our debt rating. on august 24, 2020, moody's downgraded our senior unsecured rating from ba2 to b2, and on august 31, 2020, s&p global downgraded our senior unsecured rating from bb to b+, thereby increasing the contractual interest rate, facility fee and export credit agency fee across various facilities. on february 25, 2021, s&p global further downgraded our senior unsecured rating from b+ to b, which had no further financial impact.
if any person acquires ownership of more than 50% of our common stock or, subject to certain exceptions, during any 24-month period, a majority of our board of directors is no longer comprised of individuals who were members of our board of directors on the first day of such period, we may be obligated to prepay indebtedness outstanding under our credit facilities, which we may be unable to replace on similar terms. our public debt securities also contain change of control provisions that would be triggered by a third-party acquisition of greater than 50% of our common stock coupled with a ratings downgrade. if this were to occur, it would have an adverse impact on our liquidity and operations.
debt covenants both our export credit facilities and our non-export credit facilities contain covenants that require us, among other things, to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio of at least 1.25x and limit our net debt-to-capital ratio to no more than 62.5%, and under certain facilities, to maintain a minimum level of shareholders' equity.  the fixed charge coverage ratio is calculated by dividing net cash from operations for the past four quarters by the sum of dividend payments plus scheduled principal debt payments in excess of any new financings for the past four quarters. our minimum net worth and maximum net debt-to-capital calculations exclude the impact of accumulated other comprehensive loss on total shareholders' equity.
as of december 31, 2020, financial covenant testing on our export-credit and non-export credit facilities totaling $11.2 billion of, and our credit card processing agreements was waived through the fourth quarter of 2021 following amendments to the agreements during 2020.
during the first quarter of 2021, we further amended $4.9 billion of our non-export credit facilities and $6.2 billion of our export credit facilities, and certain credit card processing agreements, to extend the waiver of our financial covenants through and including at least the third quarter of 2022.
in addition, pursuant to the amendments for the non-export credit facilities, we have modified the manner in which such covenants are calculated, temporarily in certain cases and permanently in others, as well as the levels at which our net debt to capitalization covenant will be tested during the period commencing immediately following the end of the waiver period and continuing through the end of 2023.
the amendments impose a monthly-tested minimum liquidity covenant of $500.0 million for the duration of the waiver period, subject to reduction to $350.0 million if we raise at least $500.0 million of additional capital, which can be satisfied through previously undrawn facilities. in addition, the amendments to the non-export credit facilities place restrictions on paying cash dividends and effectuating share repurchases through the end of the third quarter of 2022, while the export credit facility amendments require us to prepay any deferred amounts if we elect to issue dividends or complete share repurchases. as of december 31, 2020, we were in compliance with the applicable minimum liquidity covenant and we estimate that we will be in compliance for at least the next twelve months.
in addition to the above, during 2020, we amended our port of miami terminal "a" operating lease agreement to increase the lien basket in line with our debt facilities. in the first quarter of 2021, we also amended this lease to obtain a financial covenant waiver through the end of the third quarter of 2022, on the same terms as apply to the non-export credit facilities. as of december 31, 2020, we were in compliance with the amended covenants under the lease agreement.
any further covenant waivers may lead to increased costs, increased interest rates, additional restrictive covenants and other available lender protections as may be agreed with our lenders. there can be no assurance that we would be able to obtain additional waivers in a timely manner, or on acceptable terms. if we require additional waivers and are not able to obtain them or repay the debt facilities, this would lead to an event of default and potential acceleration of amounts due under all of our outstanding debt and derivative contracts.
if we require additional waivers on the credit card processing agreements and are not able to obtain them, this could lead to the termination of these agreements or the trigger of reserve requirements.
during the second quarter of 2020, we agreed with certain of our lenders not to pay dividends or engage in common stock repurchases for so long as our debt covenant waivers are in effect. in addition, in the event we declare a dividend or engage in share repurchases, we will need to repay the amounts deferred under our export credit facilities as part of the principal amortization deferral provided in 2020 and the first quarter of 2021. accordingly, we did not declare any additional dividends during 2020.