item 1a. risk factors the following factors, among others, could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in forward-looking statements made in this annual report on form 10-k and presented elsewhere by our management from time to time. these factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, funds from operations, or ffo, and prospects, which we refer to herein as a material adverse effect on us or as materially and adversely affecting us, and you should carefully consider them. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or which are currently not believed to be material may also affect our actual results. we may update these factors in our future periodic reports.
summary of risk factors the following summarizes our material risk factors. however, this summary is not intended to be a comprehensive and complete list of all risk factors identified by the company. refer to the following pages of this section for additional details regarding these summarized risk factors and other additional risk factors identified by the company.
●   the ongoing novel coronavirus (covid-19) pandemic and governmental restrictions intended to prevent its spread, as well as other future epidemics, pandemics or public health crises, could have a significant negative impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and liquidity and our ability to access the capital markets, satisfy our debt service obligations and make distributions to our shareholders.
●   conditions that adversely affect the general retail environment could materially and adversely affect us.
●   we face a wide range of competition that could affect our ability to operate profitably, including e-commerce.
●   we may not be able to lease newly developed properties to or renew leases and relet space at existing properties with an appropriate mix of tenants, if at all.
●   our international activities may subject us to risks that are different from or greater than those associated with our domestic operations.
●   we face risks associated with the acquisition, development, redevelopment and expansion of properties.
●   the agreements that govern our indebtedness contain various covenants that impose restrictions on us that might affect our ability to operate freely.
●   disruption in the capital and credit markets may adversely affect our ability to access external financings for our growth and ongoing debt service requirements.
●   adverse changes in our credit ratings could affect our borrowing capacity and borrowing terms.
●   simon and certain subsidiaries of the operating partnership have elected to be taxed as reits in the united states. the failure to maintain simon's or the subsidiary reits' qualifications as reits or changes in applicable tax laws or regulations could result in adverse tax consequences.
●   if the operating partnership fails to qualify as a partnership for federal income tax purposes, we would cease to qualify as a reit and suffer other adverse consequences.
●   our ownership of trss is subject to certain restrictions, and we will be required to pay a 100% penalty tax on certain income or deductions if our transactions with our trss are not conducted on arm's-length terms.
●   we have limited control with respect to some properties that are partially owned or managed by third parties, which may adversely affect our ability to sell or refinance them.
risks relating to retail operations the ongoing novel coronavirus (covid-19) pandemic and governmental restrictions intended to prevent its spread, as well as other future epidemics, pandemics or public health crises, could have a significant negative impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and liquidity and our ability to access the capital markets, satisfy our debt service obligations and make distributions to our shareholders.
the covid-19 pandemic has already had a significant negative impact on economic and market conditions around the world in 2020, and, notwithstanding the fact that vaccines have started to be administered in the united states and elsewhere, the pandemic continues to adversely impact economic activity in retail real estate. the impact of the covid-19 pandemic continues to evolve and governments and other authorities, including where we own or hold interests in properties, have imposed measures intended to control its spread, including restrictions on freedom of movement, group gatherings and business operations such as travel bans, border closings, business closures, quarantines, stay-at-home, shelter-in-place orders, density limitations and social distancing measures. governments and other authorities are in varying stages of lifting or modifying some of these measures. however, governments and other authorities have already been forced to, and others may in the future, reinstitute these measures or impose new, more restrictive measures, if the risks, or the tenants' and consumers' perception of the risks, related to the covid-19 pandemic worsen at any time. although tenants and consumers have been adapting to the covid-19 pandemic, with tenants adding services like curbside pickup, and while consumer risk-tolerance is evolving, such adaptations and evolution may take time, and there is no guarantee that retail will return to pre-pandemic levels even once the pandemic subsides.
as of december 31, 2020, we owned or held an interest in 203 income-producing properties in the united states located in 37 states and puerto rico. we also own an 80% noncontrolling interest in trg, which has an interest in 24 regional, super-regional, and outlet malls in the u.s. and asia. internationally, as of december 31, 2020, we had ownership interests in 31 properties primarily located in asia, europe and canada and have one international outlet property under development. we have an interest in a european investee that has interests in ten designer outlet properties, as more fully described elsewhere in this annual report. as of december 31, 2020, we also owned a 22.4% equity stake in klépierre sa, or klépierre, a publicly traded, paris-based real estate company, which owns, or has an interest in, shopping centers located in 15 countries in europe.
demand for retail space and the profitability of our properties depends, in part, on the ability and willingness of tenants to enter into and perform obligations under leases. on march 18, 2020, after extensive discussions with federal, state and local officials and in recognition of the need to address the spread of covid-19, we closed all of our retail properties in the united states. we gradually reopened retail properties beginning may 1st in markets where local and state closure mandates had been lifted and retail restrictions had been eased. as of october 7th all of our domestic retail properties had reopened but we do not have certainty that additional closures in the future will not be required. in addition, a number of tenants have not re-opened at our properties and we do not have certainty that all of them will re-open. as of december 31, all of our domestic retail properties remained open. in addition, even after certain restrictions intended to prevent the spread of covid-19 are lifted or reduced, the willingness of customers to visit our properties is likely to be reduced and our tenants' businesses are likely to be adversely affected, based upon many factors, including whether the number of covid-19 transmissions is materially reduced, how quickly vaccinations which prevent or reduce the severity of covid-19 become readily available, or a cure or treatment is identified and becomes readily available. further, demand could remain reduced due to heightened sensitivity to risks associated with the transmission of covid-19 or other associated diseases. in addition, some of our properties are located at or within a close proximity to tourist destinations and these properties and our tenants' businesses are therefore heavily and adversely impacted by reductions in travel and tourism resulting from travel bans or restrictions and general public concern regarding the risk of travel.
during the period of closure of all of our retail properties, we have experienced a significant reduction in cash rent collections, which may continue for an indeterminate period. with respect to those tenants from whom we have not received payment, we have been engaged in discussions with substantially all of them. we have agreed to deferral or abatement arrangements with a number of our tenants, resulting in rent deferrals with tenants (the vast majority of which we expect to receive over the course of 2021) and rent abatement with tenants representing, in the aggregate, less than 16.0% of our u.s. portfolio gross contractual rents for the second, third and fourth quarters of 2020. discussions with our tenants are
ongoing and may result in further rent deferrals, lease restructures, abatements and/or lease terminations, as we deem appropriate on a case-by-case basis based on each tenant's unique financial and operating situation.
in connection with rent deferrals (or other accruals of unpaid rent), although we will not receive cash rent payments as scheduled, if we determine that rent payments are probable of collection, we will continue to recognize lease income on a straight-line basis over the lease term and associated tenant receivables, until the time of payment. however, if we determine that such deferred rent payments (or other accrued but unpaid rent payments) are not probable of collection, lease income will be recorded as the lesser of the amount that would be recognized on a straight-line basis or cash that has been received from the tenant, with any tenant receivable and deferred rent receivable balances charged as a direct write-off against rental income in the period of the change in our collectability determination. as a result, we may experience material impacts, including, but not limited to, changes in the ability to recognize revenue due to changes in the probability of collection and reductions in rental income associated with write-offs of tenant receivable and deferred rent receivable balances. in addition, any rent abatements we have granted, and may potentially grant in the future, will be accounted for as negative variable lease consideration in the period granted or agreed thereby reducing lease income.
the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and make distributions to our shareholders could depend on additional factors, including:
●   the financial condition and viability of our tenants, and their ability or willingness to pay rent in full;
●   state, local, federal and industry-initiated tenant relief efforts that may adversely affect landlords, including us, and their ability to collect rent and/or enforce remedies for the failure to pay rent;
●   the increased popularity and utilization of e-commerce;
●   our ability to renew leases or re-lease available space in our properties on favorable terms or at all, including as a result of a deterioration in the economic and market conditions in the markets in which we own properties or due to restrictions intended to prevent the spread of covid-19, including any additional government mandated closures of businesses that frustrate our leasing activities;
●   a severe and prolonged disruption and instability in the global financial markets, including the debt and equity capital markets, all of which have already been experienced and which may continue to affect our or our tenants' ability to access capital necessary to fund our or their respective business operations or repay, refinance or renew maturing liabilities on a timely basis, on attractive terms, or at all and may adversely affect the valuation of financial assets and liabilities, any of which could affect our and our tenants' ability to meet liquidity and capital expenditure requirements;
●   a refusal or failure of one or more lenders under our credit facility to fund their respective financing commitment to us may affect our ability to access capital necessary to fund our business operations and to meet our liquidity and capital expenditure requirements;
●   a reduction in the cash flows generated by our properties and the values of our properties that could result in impairments or limit our ability to dispose of them at attractive prices or obtain debt financing secured by our properties;
●   the complete or partial closure of one or more of our tenants' manufacturing facilities or distribution centers, temporary or long-term disruption in our tenants' supply chains from local and international suppliers and/or delays in the delivery of our tenants' inventory, any of which could reduce or eliminate our tenants' sales, cause the temporary closure of our tenants' businesses, and/or result in their bankruptcy or insolvency;
●   a negative impact on consumer discretionary spending caused by high unemployment levels, reduced economic activity or a severe or prolonged recession;
●   our and our tenants' ability to manage our respective businesses to the extent our and their management or personnel (including on-site employees) are impacted in significant numbers by the covid-19 pandemic or are otherwise not willing, available or allowed to conduct work, including any impact on our tenants' ability to deliver timely information to us that is necessary for us to make effective decisions; and
●   our and our tenants' ability to ensure business continuity in the event our or our tenants' continuity of operations plan is (i) not effective or improperly implemented or deployed or (ii) compromised due to increased cyber and remote access activity during the covid-19 pandemic.
conditions that adversely affect the general retail environment could materially and adversely affect us.
our concentration in the retail real estate market - our primary source of revenue is retail tenants - means that we could be materially and adversely affected by conditions that materially and adversely affect the retail environment generally, including, without limitation:
●   levels of consumer spending, changes in consumer confidence, income levels, and fluctuations in seasonal spending in the united states and internationally;
●   the creditworthiness of our retail tenants and the availability of new creditworthy tenants and the related impact on our occupancy levels and lease income;
●   local real estate conditions, such as an oversupply of, or reduction in demand for, retail space or retail goods, decreases in rental rates and declines in real estate values;
●   actual or perceived changes in national and international economic conditions, which can result from global events such as international trade disputes, a foreign debt crisis, foreign currency volatility, natural disasters, war, epidemics and pandemics, the fear of spread of contagious diseases, civil unrest and terrorism, as well as from domestic issues, such as government policies and regulations, tariffs, energy prices, market dynamics, rising interest rates, inflation and limited growth in consumer income;
●   changes in regional and local economies, which may be affected by increased rates of unemployment, increased foreclosures, higher taxes, decreased tourism, industry slowdowns, adverse weather conditions, and other factors;
●   increased operating costs and capital expenditures, whether from redevelopments, replacing tenants or otherwise;
●   the impact of the covid-19 pandemic, and restrictions intended to prevent its spread, which were implemented through a combination of state, local and federal orders and regulations that were put in place with unprecedented speed and with no opportunity for citizens to challenge their legality.
additionally, a portion of our lease income is derived from overage rents based on sales over a stated base amount that directly depend on the sales volume of our retail tenants. accordingly, declines in our tenants' sales performance could reduce the income produced by our properties.
our properties are typically anchored by department stores and other large nationally recognized tenants. certain of our anchors and other tenants have ceased their operations, downsized their brick-and-mortar presence or failed to comply with their contractual obligations to us and others, and such actions have become more prevalent during the covid-19 pandemic.
sustained adverse pressure on the results of department stores and other national retailers may have a similarly sustained adverse impact upon our own results. certain department stores and other national retailers have experienced, and may continue to experience for the foreseeable future (given uncertainty with respect to current and future macroeconomic conditions and consumer confidence levels), considerable decreases in customer traffic in their retail stores, increased competition from alternative retail options such as those accessible via the internet and other forms of pressure on their business models. as pressure on these department stores and other national retailers increases, especially due to the covid-19 pandemic, their ability to maintain their stores, meet their obligations both to us and to their external lenders and suppliers, withstand takeover attempts or avoid bankruptcy and/or liquidation may be impaired and result in closures of their stores or their seeking of a lease modification with us. any lease modification could be unfavorable to us as the lessor and could decrease current or future effective rents or expense recovery charges. certain other tenants are entitled to modify the economic or other terms of, or terminate, their existing leases with us in the event of such closures. additionally, corporate merger or consolidation activity among department stores and other national retailers typically results in the closure of duplicate or geographically overlapping store locations.
if a department store or large nationally recognized tenant were to close its stores at our properties, we may experience difficulty and delay and incur significant expense in re-tenanting the space, as well as in leasing spaces in areas adjacent to the vacant store, at attractive rates, or at all. additionally, department store or tenant closures may result in decreased customer traffic, which could lead to decreased sales at our properties. if the sales of stores operating in our properties were to decline significantly due to the closing of anchor stores or other national retailers, adverse economic conditions or other reasons, tenants may be unable to pay their minimum rents or expense recovery charges. in the event of any default by a tenant, we may not be able to fully recover, and/or may experience delays and costs in enforcing our rights as landlord to recover, amounts due to us under the terms of our leases with such parties.
bankruptcy filings by retailers can occur regularly in the course of our operations. in recent years, a number of companies in the retail industry, including certain of our tenants, have declared bankruptcy, and these numbers have increased in 2020 due to the covid-19 pandemic. if a tenant files for bankruptcy, the tenant may have the right to reject and terminate one or more of its leases with us, and we cannot be sure that it will affirm one or more of its leases and continue to make rental payments to us in a timely manner. a bankruptcy filing by, or relating to, one of our tenants would generally prohibit us from evicting this tenant, and bar all efforts by us to collect pre-bankruptcy debts from that tenant, or from their property, unless we receive an order permitting us to do so from the bankruptcy court. in addition, we cannot evict a tenant solely because of its bankruptcy. if a lease is assumed by the tenant in bankruptcy, all pre-bankruptcy balances due under the lease must be paid to us in full. if a lease is rejected, the unsecured claim we hold against a bankrupt tenant might be paid only to the extent that funds are available and only in the same percentage as is paid to all other holders of unsecured claims, and there are restrictions under bankruptcy laws that limit the amount of the claim we can make if a lease is rejected. as a result, it is likely that we would recover substantially less than the full value of any unsecured claims we hold. in addition, we may make lease modifications either pre- or post-bankruptcy for certain tenants undergoing significant financial distress in order for them to continue as a going concern. furthermore, we may be required to incur significant expense in re-tenanting the space formerly leased to the bankrupt tenant. we continually seek to re-lease vacant spaces resulting from tenant terminations. the bankruptcy of a tenant, particularly an anchor tenant or a national tenant with multiple locations, may require a substantial redevelopment of its space, the success of which cannot be assured, and may make the re-tenanting of its space difficult and costly. any such bankruptcies also make it more difficult to lease the remainder of the space at the affected property or properties. future tenant bankruptcies may strain our resources and impact our ability to successfully execute our re-leasing strategy and could materially and adversely affect us.
we face a wide range of competition that could affect our ability to operate profitably, including e-commerce.
our properties compete with other forms of retailing such as pure online retail websites as well as other retail properties such as single user freestanding discounters (costco, walmart and target). in addition, many of our tenants are omni-channel retailers who also distribute their products through online sales. our business currently is predominantly reliant on consumer demand for shopping at physical stores, and we could be materially and adversely affected if we are unsuccessful in adapting our business to evolving consumer purchasing habits. the increased popularity of digital and mobile technologies has accelerated the transition of a percentage of market share from shopping at physical stores to web-based shopping, and the ongoing covid-19 pandemic and restrictions intended to prevent its spread have significantly increased the utilization of e-commerce and may, particularly in certain market segments, accelerate the long-
term penetration of pure online retail which has been able to sell non-essential goods during the covid-19 pandemic. not only has the temporary closure of our retail properties and the restrictions put in place by state, local and federal officials caused consumers who otherwise would have purchased from retailers at our properties to increase their utilization of pure online retail websites, but consumers whose previous use of online retail was low or non-existent have recently turned to pure online retail as a necessity due to the inability to access our properties and the ability to purchase non-essential goods from these pure online retailers. although a brick-and-mortar presence may have a positive impact on retailers' online sales, the increased utilization of pure online shopping may lead to the closure of underperforming stores by retailers, which could impact our occupancy levels and the rates that tenants are willing to pay to lease our space.
certain of our properties have had vacant space available for prospective tenants, and those properties may continue to experience, and other properties may commence experiencing, such oversupply in the future. among other causes, (1) there has been an increased number of bankruptcies of anchor stores and other national retailers, as well as store closures, and (2) there has been lower demand from retail tenants for space, due to certain retailers increasing their use of e-commerce websites to distribute their merchandise, with each of (1) and (2) accelerating in 2020 as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. as a result of the increased bargaining power of creditworthy retail tenants, there is downward pressure on our rental rates and occupancy levels, and this increased bargaining power may also result in us having to increase our spend on tenant improvements and potentially make other lease modifications in order to attract or retain tenants, any of which, in the aggregate, could materially and adversely affect us.
we may not be able to lease newly developed properties to or renew leases and relet space at existing properties with an appropriate mix of tenants, if at all.
we may not be able to lease new properties to an appropriate mix of tenants that generates optimal customer traffic. also, when leases for our existing properties expire, the premises may not be relet or the terms of reletting, including the cost of allowances and concessions to tenants may be less favorable than the current lease terms. if we fail to identify and secure the right blend of tenants at our newly developed and existing properties, our properties may not appeal to the communities they serve. if we elect to pursue a "mixed use" redevelopment we expose ourselves to risks associated with each non-retail use (e.g. office, residential, hotel and entertainment), and the performance of our retail tenants in such properties may be negatively impacted by delays in opening and/or the performance of such non-retail uses. to the extent that our leasing goals are not achieved, we could be materially and adversely affected.
risks relating to real estate investments and operations our international activities may subject us to risks that are different from or greater than those associated with our domestic operations.
as of december 31, 2020, we held interests in consolidated and joint venture properties that operate in austria, canada, france, italy, germany, japan, malaysia, mexico, the netherlands, south korea, spain, thailand, and the united kingdom. we also have an equity stake in klépierre, a publicly traded european real estate company, which operates in 15 countries in europe. accordingly, our operating results and the value of our international operations may be impacted by any unhedged movements in the foreign currencies in which those operations transact and in which our net investment in those international operations is held. while we occasionally enter into hedging agreements to manage our exposure to changes in foreign exchange rates, these agreements may not eliminate foreign currency risk entirely.
we may pursue additional investment, ownership, development and redevelopment/expansion opportunities outside the united states. such international activities carry risks that are different from those we face with our domestic properties and operations. these risks include, but are not limited to:
●   changes in foreign political and economic environments, regionally, nationally, and locally;
●   challenges of complying with a wide variety of foreign laws, including corporate governance, operations, taxes and litigation;
●   changes in applicable laws and regulations in the united states that affect international operations;
●   labor discord, political or civil unrest, acts of terrorism, epidemics and pandemics, the fear of spread of contagious diseases, or the threat of international boycotts.
our international activities represented approximately 1.9% of consolidated net income and 9.1% of our net operating income, or noi, for the year ended december 31, 2020. to the extent that we expand our international activities, the above risks could increase in significance, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on us.
we face risks associated with the acquisition, development, redevelopment and expansion of properties.
we regularly acquire and develop new properties and redevelop and expand existing properties, and these activities are subject to various risks. we may not be successful in pursuing acquisition, development or redevelopment/expansion opportunities. in addition, newly acquired, developed or redeveloped/expanded properties may not perform as well as expected, impacting our anticipated return on investment. we are subject to other risks in connection with any acquisition, development and redevelopment/expansion activities, including the following:
●   acquisition or construction costs of a project may be higher than projected, potentially making the project unfeasible or unprofitable;
●   we may need the consent of third parties such as department stores, anchor tenants, mortgage lenders and joint venture partners, and those consents may be withheld.
if a development or redevelopment/expansion project is unsuccessful, either because it is not meeting our expectations when operational or was not completed according to the project planning, we could lose our investment in the project. further, if we guarantee the property's financing, our loss could exceed our investment in the project.
our properties represent a substantial portion of our total consolidated assets. these investments are relatively illiquid. as a result, our ability to sell one or more of our properties or investments in real estate in response to any changes in economic, industry, or other conditions may be limited. the real estate market is affected by many factors, such as general economic conditions, availability and terms of financing, interest rates and other factors, including supply and demand for space, that are beyond our control. if we want to sell a property, we cannot assure you that we will be able to dispose of it in the desired time period, or at all, or that the sales price of a property will be attractive at the relevant time or exceed the carrying value of our investment. moreover, if a property is mortgaged, we may not be able to obtain a release of the lien on that property without the payment of the associated debt and/or a substantial prepayment penalty, which
could restrict our ability to dispose of the property, even though the sale might otherwise be desirable.
as of december 31, 2020, our consolidated mortgages and unsecured indebtedness, excluding related premium, discount and debt issuance costs, totaled $26.8 billion. as a result of this indebtedness, we are required to use a substantial portion of our cash flows for debt service, including selected repayment at scheduled maturities, which limits our ability to use those cash flows to fund the growth of our business. we are also subject to the risks normally associated with debt financing, including the risk that our cash flows from operations will be insufficient to meet required debt service or that we will be able to refinance such indebtedness on acceptable terms, or at all. our debt service costs generally will not be reduced if developments at the applicable property, such as the entry of new competitors or the loss of major tenants, cause a reduction in the income from the property. our indebtedness could also have other adverse consequences on us, including reducing our access to capital or increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic, industry and market conditions. in addition, if a property is mortgaged to secure payment of indebtedness and income from such property is insufficient to pay that indebtedness, the property could be foreclosed upon by the mortgagee resulting in a loss of income and a decline in our total asset value. if any of the foregoing occurs, we could be materially and adversely affected.
the agreements that govern our indebtedness contain various covenants that impose restrictions on us that might affect our ability to operate freely.
we have a variety of unsecured debt, including the credit facilities, senior unsecured notes and commercial paper, and secured property level debt. certain of the agreements that govern our indebtedness contain covenants, including, among other things, limitations on our ability to incur secured and unsecured indebtedness, sell all or substantially all of our assets and engage in mergers and certain acquisitions. in addition, certain of the agreements that govern our indebtedness contain financial covenants that require us to maintain certain financial ratios, including certain coverage ratios. these covenants may restrict our ability to pursue certain business initiatives or certain transactions that might otherwise be advantageous to us. in addition, our ability to comply with these provisions might be affected by events beyond our control. failure to comply with any of our financing covenants could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could accelerate the related indebtedness as well as other of our indebtedness, which could have a material adverse effect on us.
disruption in the capital and credit markets may adversely affect our ability to access external financings for our growth and ongoing debt service requirements.
we depend on external financings, principally debt financings, to fund the growth of our business and to ensure that we can meet ongoing maturities of our outstanding debt. our access to financing depends on our credit ratings, the willingness of lending institutions and other debt investors to grant credit to us and conditions in the capital markets in general. an economic recession may cause extreme volatility and disruption in the capital and credit markets. we rely upon the credit facilities as sources of funding for numerous transactions. our access to these funds is dependent upon the ability of each of the participants to the credit facilities to meet their funding commitments to us. when markets are volatile, access to capital and credit markets could be disrupted over an extended period of time and one or more financial institutions may not have the available capital to meet their previous commitments to us. the failure of one or more participants to the credit facilities to meet their funding commitments to us could have a material adverse effect on us, including as a result of making it difficult to obtain the financing we may need for future growth and/or meeting our debt service requirements. we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain the financing we need for the future growth of our business or to meet our debt service requirements, or that a sufficient amount of financing will be available to us on favorable terms, or at all.
adverse changes in our credit ratings could affect our borrowing capacity and borrowing terms.
the operating partnership's outstanding senior unsecured notes, the credit facilities, the commercial paper program, and simon's preferred stock are periodically rated by nationally recognized credit rating agencies. the credit ratings are based on our operating performance, liquidity and leverage ratios, financial condition and prospects, and other factors viewed by the credit rating agencies as relevant to us and our industry and the economic outlook in general. our credit ratings can affect the amount of capital we can access, as well as the terms of any financing we obtain. since we depend primarily on debt financing to fund the growth of our business, an adverse change in our credit ratings, including actual changes and changes in outlook, or even the initiation of a review of our credit ratings that could result in an adverse change, could have a material adverse effect on us.
an increase in interest rates would increase our interest costs on variable rate debt and could adversely impact our ability to refinance existing debt on attractive terms, or at all; our hedging interest rate protection arrangements may not effectively limit our interest rate risk.
as of december 31, 2020, we had approximately $3.3 billion of outstanding consolidated indebtedness that bears interest at variable rates, and we may incur more variable rate indebtedness in the future. if interest rates increase, then so would the interest costs on our unhedged variable rate debt, which could adversely affect our cash flows and our ability to pay principal and interest on our debt and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. further, rising interest rates could limit our ability to refinance existing debt when it matures or significantly increase our future interest expense.
we selectively manage our exposure to interest rate risk by a combination of interest rate protection agreements to effectively fix or cap all or a portion of our variable rate debt. in addition, we refinance fixed rate debt at times when we believe rates and other terms are appropriate. our efforts to manage these exposures may not be successful.
our use of interest rate hedging arrangements to manage risk associated with interest rate volatility may expose us to additional risks, including a risk that a counterparty to a hedging arrangement may fail to honor its obligations or that we could be required to fund our contractual payment obligations under such arrangements in relatively large amounts or on short notice. developing an effective interest rate risk strategy is complex and no strategy can completely insulate us from risks associated with interest rate fluctuations. there can be no assurance that our hedging activities will have the desired beneficial impact on our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. termination of these hedging agreements typically involves costs, such as transaction fees or breakage costs.
as of december 31, 2020, approximately 11.0% or $2.9 billion of our debt outstanding was indexed to libor. in july 2017, the u.k. financial conduct authority (the "fca"), which regulates libor, announced its intention to stop compelling banks to submit rates for the calculation of libor after 2021. accordingly, there is considerable uncertainty regarding the publication of libor beyond 2021. the federal reserve board convened the alternative reference rates committee ("arrc") to identify a set of alternative reference rates for possible use as market benchmarks. based on the arrc's recommendation, the federal reserve bank of new york began publishing the secured overnight financing rate ("sofr") and two other alternative rates beginning in april 2018. since then, certain derivative products and debt securities tied to sofr have been introduced, and a number of industry groups are developing transition plans to sofr as the new market benchmark.
we are not able to predict whether libor will actually cease to be available after 2021 or whether sofr will become the market benchmark in its place. any changes announced or adopted by the fca or other authorities or institutions in the methods used for determining libor or the transition from libor to a successor benchmark may result in, among other things, a sudden or prolonged increase in libor, a delay in the publication of libor, higher interest obligations arising from such successor benchmark and changes in the rules or methodologies for determining libor in the overall debt capital markets, which may discourage market participants from continuing to administer or to participate in variable rate debt tied to libor or such successor benchmark. if libor as determined in accordance with the terms of our particular debt is no longer available, whether during or after 2021, the interest rates on such debt would be determined using various alternative methods, any of which may result in interest obligations which are more than or do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that would have been made on such debt if libor was available in its current form. as a result, there can be no assurance that any of the aforementioned developments or changes will not result in financial market disruptions, significant increases in benchmark interest rates, substantially higher financing costs or a shortage of available debt financing, any of which could have an adverse effect on us, which currently would be limited by our relatively low exposure to variable rate libor-based debt.
risks relating to income taxes simon and certain subsidiaries of the operating partnership have elected to be taxed as reits in the united states. the failure to maintain simon's or the subsidiary reits' qualifications as reits or changes in applicable tax laws or regulations could result in adverse tax consequences.
in the united states, simon and certain subsidiaries of the operating partnership have elected to be taxed as reits under sections 856 through 860 of the internal revenue code. we believe that simon and these subsidiaries, or the subsidiary reits, have been organized and have operated in a manner which allows them to qualify for taxation as reits under the internal revenue code. we intend to continue to operate in this manner. however, qualification and taxation as
reits depend upon the ability of simon and the subsidiary reits to satisfy several requirements (some of which are outside our control), including tests related to our annual operating results, asset diversification, distribution levels and diversity of stock ownership. the various reit qualification tests required by the internal revenue code are highly technical and complex. accordingly, there can be no assurance that simon or any of the subsidiary reits has operated in accordance with these requirements or will continue to operate in a manner so as to qualify or remain qualified as a reit.
if simon or any of the subsidiary reits fail to comply with those provisions, simon or any such subsidiary reit may be subject to monetary penalties or ultimately to possible disqualification as reits. if such events occur, and if available relief provisions do not apply:
●   simon or any such subsidiary reit could be subject to the federal alternative minimum tax for taxable years prior to 2018; and
●   unless entitled to relief under relevant statutory provisions, simon or any such subsidiary will also be disqualified from treatment as a reit for the four taxable years following the year during which qualification was lost.
any such corporate tax liability could be substantial and would reduce the amount of cash available for, among other things, our operations and distributions to stockholders. in addition, if simon fails to qualify as a reit, it will not be required to make distributions to our stockholders. moreover, a failure by any subsidiary of the operating partnership that has elected to be taxed as a reit to qualify as a reit would also cause simon to fail to qualify as a reit, and the same adverse consequences would apply to it and its stockholders. failure by simon or any of the subsidiary reits to qualify as a reit also could impair our ability to expand our business and raise capital, which could materially and adversely affect us.
additionally, we are subject to certain income-based taxes, both domestically and internationally, and other taxes, including state and local taxes, franchise taxes, and withholding taxes on dividends from certain of our international investments. we currently follow local tax laws and regulations in various domestic and international jurisdictions. should these laws or regulations change, the amount of taxes we pay may increase accordingly.
if the operating partnership fails to qualify as a partnership for federal income tax purposes, we would cease to qualify as a reit and suffer other adverse consequences.
we believe that the operating partnership is treated as a partnership for federal income tax purposes. as a partnership, the operating partnership is not subject to federal income tax on its income. instead, each of its partners, including us, is allocated, and may be required to pay tax with respect to, such partner's share of its income. we cannot assure you that the internal revenue service, or the irs, will not challenge the status of the operating partnership or any other subsidiary partnership or limited liability company in which we own an interest as a disregarded entity or partnership for federal income tax purposes, or that a court would not sustain such a challenge. if the irs were successful in treating the operating partnership or any such other subsidiary as an entity taxable as a corporation for federal income tax purposes, we would fail to meet the gross income tests and certain of the asset tests applicable to reits and, accordingly, we would likely cease to qualify as a reit. also, the failure of the operating partnership or any subsidiary partnerships or limited liability company to qualify as a disregarded entity or partnership for applicable income tax purposes could cause it to become subject to federal and state corporate income tax, which would reduce significantly the amount of cash available for debt service and for distribution to its partners or members, including us.
our ownership of trss is subject to certain restrictions, and we will be required to pay a 100% penalty tax on certain income or deductions if our transactions with our trss are not conducted on arm's-length terms.
we own securities in taxable reit subsidiaries, or trss, and may acquire securities in additional trss in the future. a trs is a corporation other than a reit in which a reit directly or indirectly holds stock, and that has made a joint election with such reit to be treated as a taxable reit subsidiary. if a trs owns more than 35% of the total voting power or value of the outstanding securities of another corporation, such other corporation will also be treated as a trs. other than some activities relating to lodging and health care facilities, a trs may generally engage in any business, including the provision of customary or non-customary services to tenants of its parent reit. a trs is subject to federal income tax as a regular c corporation. in addition, a 100% excise tax will be imposed on certain transactions between a trs and its parent reit that are not conducted on an arm's length basis.
a reit's ownership of securities of a trs is not subject to the 5% or 10% asset tests applicable to reits. not more than 25% of the value of simon's or any subsidiary reit's total assets may be represented by securities (including securities of trss), other than those securities includable in the 75% asset test, and not more than 20% of the value of our total assets or the assets of any subsidiary reit may be represented by securities of trss. we anticipate that the aggregate value of the stock and securities of any trs and other nonqualifying assets that simon or each such subsidiary reit owns will be less than 25% (or 20%, as applicable) of the value of simon's or such subsidiary's total assets, and we will monitor the value of these investments to ensure compliance with applicable ownership limitations. in addition, we intend to structure transactions with any trss that we own to ensure that they are entered into on arm's length terms to avoid incurring the 100% excise tax described above. there can be no assurance, however, that we will be able to comply with the above limitations or to avoid application of the 100% excise tax discussed above.
dividends payable by reits generally do not qualify for the reduced tax rates available for some dividends, which may negatively affect the value of our shares.
income from "qualified dividends" payable to u.s. stockholders that are individuals, trusts and estates are generally subject to tax at preferential rates, currently at a maximum federal rate of 20%. dividends payable by reits, however, generally are not eligible for the preferential tax rates applicable to qualified dividend income. under the tax cuts and jobs act, or the tcja, however, u.s. stockholders that are individuals, trusts and estates generally may deduct up to 20% of the ordinary dividends (e.g., dividends not designated as capital gain dividends or qualified dividend income) received from a reit for taxable years beginning after december 31, 2017 and before january 1, 2026. although this deduction reduces the effective tax rate applicable to certain dividends paid by reits (generally to 29.6% assuming the shareholder is subject to the 37% maximum rate), such tax rate is still higher than the tax rate applicable to corporate dividends that constitute qualified dividend income. accordingly, investors who are individuals, trusts and estates may perceive investments in reits to be relatively less attractive than investments in the stocks of non-reit corporations that pay dividends, which could materially and adversely affect the value of the shares of reits, including the per share trading price of our common stock.
the tax imposed on reits engaging in "prohibited transactions" may limit our ability to engage in transactions which would be treated as sales for u.s. federal income tax purposes.
a reit's net income from prohibited transactions is subject to a 100% penalty tax. in general, prohibited transactions are sales or other dispositions of property, other than foreclosure property, held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. although we do not intend to hold any properties that would be characterized as held for sale to customers in the ordinary course of our business, unless a sale or disposition qualifies under certain statutory safe harbors, such characterization is a factual determination and no guarantee can be given that the irs, would agree with our characterization of our properties or that we will always be able to make use of the available safe harbors.
reit distribution requirements could adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to execute our business plan.
in order for simon and the subsidiary reits to qualify to be taxed as reits, and assuming that certain other requirements are also satisfied, simon and each such subsidiary reit generally must distribute at least 90% of their respective reit taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding any net capital gains, to their respective equity holders each year. to this point, simon and each such subsidiary reit have historically distributed at least 100% of its taxable income and thereby avoided income tax altogether. to the extent that simon or any such subsidiary reit satisfies this distribution requirement and qualifies for taxation as a reit, but distributes less than 100% of its reit taxable income, simon or such subsidiary will be subject to u.s. federal corporate income tax on its undistributed net taxable income and could be subject to a 4% nondeductible excise tax if the actual amount that is distributed to equity holders in a calendar year is less than the minimum required distribution amount. we intend to make distributions to the equity holders of simon and the subsidiary reits to comply with the reit requirements of the internal revenue code.
from time to time, simon and the subsidiary reits might generate taxable income greater than their respective cash flow as a result of differences in timing between the recognition of taxable income and the actual receipt of cash or the effect of nondeductible capital expenditures, the creation of reserves, or required debt or amortization payments. if simon or the subsidiary reits do not have other funds available in these situations, simon or such subsidiaries could be required to access capital on unfavorable terms (the receipt of which cannot be assured), sell assets at disadvantageous prices, distribute amounts that would otherwise be invested in future acquisitions, capital expenditures or repayment of debt, or make taxable distributions of capital stock or debt securities to make distributions sufficient to enable them to pay out enough of their respective reit taxable income to satisfy the reit distribution requirement and avoid corporate income tax and the 4% excise tax in a particular year. these alternatives could increase costs or reduce our equity. further,
amounts distributed will not be available to fund the growth of our business. thus, compliance with the reit requirements may adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to execute our business plan.
complying with reit requirements might cause us to forgo otherwise attractive acquisition opportunities or liquidate otherwise attractive investments.
to qualify to be taxed as reits for u.s. federal income tax purposes, simon and the subsidiary reits must ensure that, at the end of each calendar quarter, at least 75% of the value of their respective assets consist of cash, cash items, government securities and "real estate assets" (as defined in the internal revenue code), including certain mortgage loans and securities. the remainder of their respective investments (other than government securities, qualified real estate assets and securities issued by a trs) generally cannot include more than 10% of the outstanding voting securities of any one issuer or more than 10% of the total value of the outstanding securities of any one issuer.
additionally, in general, no more than 5% of the value of simon's and the subsidiary reits' total assets (other than government securities, qualified real estate assets and securities issued by a trs) can consist of the securities of any one issuer, and no more than 20% of the value of their respective total assets can be represented by securities of one or more trss. if simon or any of the subsidiary reits fails to comply with these requirements at the end of any calendar quarter, simon or any such subsidiary reit must correct the failure within 30 days after the end of the calendar quarter or qualify for certain statutory relief provisions to avoid losing its reit qualification and suffering adverse tax consequences. as a result, we might be required to liquidate or forgo otherwise attractive investments. these actions could have the effect of reducing our income and amounts available for distribution to equity holders. moreover, if simon or the subsidiary reits are compelled to liquidate their investments to meet any of the asset, income or distribution tests, or to repay obligations to lenders, simon or such subsidiaries may be unable to comply with one or more of the requirements applicable to reits or may be subject to a 100% tax on any resulting gain if such sales constitute prohibited transactions.
in addition to the asset tests set forth above, to qualify to be taxed as reits, simon and the subsidiary reits must continually satisfy tests concerning, among other things, the sources of their respective income, the amounts they distribute to equity holders and the ownership of their respective shares. we might be unable to pursue investments that would be otherwise advantageous to us in order to satisfy the source-of-income or asset-diversification requirements for qualifying as reits. thus, compliance with the reit requirements may hinder our ability to make certain attractive investments.
partnership tax audit rules could have a material adverse effect on us.
the bipartisan budget act of 2015 changed the rules applicable to u.s. federal income tax audits of partnerships. under the rules, among other changes and subject to certain exceptions, any audit adjustment to items of income, gain, loss, deduction, or credit of a partnership (and any partner's distributive share thereof) is determined, and taxes, interest, or penalties attributable thereto could be assessed and collected, at the partnership level. absent available elections, it is possible that a partnership in which we directly or indirectly invest, could be required to pay additional taxes, interest and penalties as a result of an audit adjustment, and we, as a direct or indirect partner of these partnerships, could be required to bear the economic burden of those taxes, interest, and penalties even though simon and the subsidiary reits, as reits, may not otherwise have been required to pay additional corporate-level taxes had they owned the assets of the partnership directly. the partnership tax audit rules apply to the operating partnership and its subsidiaries that are classified as partnerships for u.s. federal income tax purposes. the changes created by these rules are sweeping and, accordingly, there can be no assurance that these rules will not have a material adverse effect on us.
legislative, administrative, regulatory or other actions affecting reits, including positions taken by the irs, could have a material adverse effect on us and our investors.
the rules dealing with u.s. federal income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process, and by the irs and the u.s. department of the treasury, or the treasury. changes to the tax laws or interpretations thereof by the irs and the treasury, with or without retroactive application, could materially and adversely affect us and our investors. new legislation (including the tcja, and any technical corrections legislation), treasury regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions could significantly and negatively affect the ability of simon and certain subsidiaries of the operating partnership to qualify to be taxed as reits and/or the u.s. federal income tax consequences to us and our investors of such qualification.
the tcja has significantly changed the u.s. federal income taxation of u.s. businesses and their owners, including reits and their stockholders. a change made by the tcja that could affect us and our stockholders is that it generally limits the deduction for net business interest expense in excess of 30% of a business's adjusted taxable income except for taxpayers that engage in certain real estate businesses and elect out of this rule (provided that such electing taxpayers must use an alternative depreciation system for certain property).
risks relating to joint ventures we have limited control with respect to some properties that are partially owned or managed by third parties, which may adversely affect our ability to sell or refinance them.
as of december 31, 2020, we owned interests in 101 income-producing properties with other parties. of those, 17 properties are included in our consolidated financial statements. we account for the other 84 properties, or the joint venture properties, as well as our investments in hbs global properties, or hbs, klépierre (a publicly traded, paris-based real estate company), and the taubman realty group, llc, or trg, as well as our retailer investments in authentic brands group, llc, or abg, forever 21, j.c. penney, rue gilt groupe, or rgg, and sparc group, using the equity method of accounting. we serve as general partner or property manager for 57 of these 84 joint venture properties; however, certain major decisions, such as approving the operating budget and selling, refinancing, and redeveloping the properties, require the consent of the other owners. of the joint venture properties for which we do not serve as general partner or property manager, 23 are in our international joint ventures. these international properties are managed locally by joint ventures in which we share control of the properties with our partner. the other owners have participating rights that we consider substantive for purposes of determining control over the joint venture properties' assets. the remaining joint venture properties, hbs, klépierre, trg, and our joint ventures with abg, forever 21, j.c. penney, rgg, and sparc group are managed by third parties.
these investments, and other future similar investments, could involve risks that would not be present were a third party not involved, including the possibility that partners or other owners might become bankrupt, suffer a deterioration in their creditworthiness, or fail to fund their share of required capital contributions. if one of our partners or other owners in these investments were to become bankrupt, we may be precluded from taking certain actions regarding our investments without prior court approval, which at a minimum may delay the actions we would or might want to take. additionally, partners or other owners could have economic or other business interests or goals that are inconsistent with our own business interests or goals, and could be in a position to take actions contrary to our policies or objectives.
these investments, and other future similar investments, also have the potential risk of creating impasses on decisions, such as a sale, financing or development, because neither we nor our partner or other owner has full control over the partnership or joint venture. disputes between us and partners or other owners might result in litigation or arbitration that could increase our expenses and prevent simon's officers and/or directors from focusing their time and efforts on our business. consequently, actions by, or disputes with, partners or other owners might result in subjecting properties owned by the partnership or joint venture to additional risk. in addition, we risk the possibility of being liable for the actions of our partners or other owners.
joint venture debt is the liability of the joint venture and is typically secured by a mortgage on the joint venture property, which is non-recourse to us. nevertheless, the joint venture's failure to satisfy its debt obligations could result in the loss of our investment therein. as of december 31, 2020, the operating partnership guaranteed joint venture-related mortgage indebtedness of $219.2 million. a default by a joint venture under its debt obligations would expose us to liability under a guaranty. we may elect to fund cash needs of a joint venture through equity contributions (generally on a basis proportionate to our ownership interests), advances or partner loans, although such fundings are not typically required contractually or otherwise.
risks relating to environmental matters as owners of real estate, we can face liabilities for environmental contamination, and our efforts to identify environmental liabilities may not be successful.
many of our properties contain, or at one time contained, asbestos containing materials or underground storage tanks (primarily related to auto service center establishments or emergency electrical generation equipment), and as a result we may be subject to regulatory action in connection with u.s. federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to hazardous or toxic substances. we may also be held liable to third parties for personal injury or property damage incurred by the parties in connection with any such substances. the costs of investigation, removal or remediation of hazardous or toxic substances, and related liabilities, may be substantial and could materially and adversely affect us. the presence of
hazardous or toxic substances, or the failure to remediate the related contamination, may also adversely affect our ability to sell, lease or redevelop a property or to borrow money using a property as collateral.
although we believe that our portfolio is in substantial compliance with u.s. federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations regarding hazardous or toxic substances, this belief is based on limited testing. nearly all of our properties have been subjected to phase i or similar environmental audits. these environmental audits have not revealed, nor are we aware of, any environmental liability that we believe is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on us. however, we cannot assure you that:
●   previous environmental studies with respect to the portfolio reveal all potential environmental liabilities;
●   any previous owner, occupant or tenant of a property did not create any material environmental condition not known to us;
●   the current environmental condition of the portfolio will not be affected by tenants and occupants, by the condition of nearby properties, or by other unrelated third parties; or
●   future uses or conditions (including, without limitation, changes in applicable environmental laws and regulations or the interpretation thereof) will not result in environmental liabilities.
we face risks associated with climate change.
due to changes in weather patterns caused by climate change, our properties in certain markets could experience increases in storm intensity and rising sea levels. over time, climate change could result in volatile or decreased demand for retail space at certain of our properties or, in extreme cases, our inability to operate the properties at all. climate change may also have indirect effects on our business by increasing the cost of (or making unavailable) insurance on favorable terms, or at all, increasing the cost of energy at our properties or requiring us to spend funds to repair and protect our properties against such risks. moreover, compliance with new laws or regulations related to climate change, including compliance with "green" building codes, may require us to make improvements to our existing properties or increase taxes and fees assessed on us or our properties.
we maintain insurance coverage with third-party carriers who provide a portion of the coverage for specific layers of potential losses, including commercial general liability, fire, flood, extended coverage and rental loss insurance on all of our properties in the united states. the initial portion of coverage not provided by third-party carriers is either insured through our wholly-owned captive insurance company or other financial arrangements controlled by us. a third party carrier has, in turn, agreed to provide, if required, evidence of coverage for this layer of losses under the terms and conditions of the carrier's policy. a similar policy either written through our captive insurance company or other financial arrangements controlled by us also provides initial coverage for property insurance and certain windstorm risks at the properties located in coastal windstorm locations.
there are some types of losses, including lease and other contract claims, which generally are not insured or are subject to large deductibles. if an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits occurs, we could lose all or a portion of the capital we have invested in a property, as well as the anticipated future revenue it could generate but may remain obligated for any mortgage debt or other financial obligation related to the property.
we currently maintain insurance coverage against acts of terrorism on all of our properties in the united states on an "all risk" basis in the amount of up to $1 billion. despite the existence of this insurance coverage, any threatened or actual terrorist attacks where we operate could materially and adversely affect us.
we face risks associated with security breaches through cyber‐attacks, cyber intrusions or otherwise, as well as other significant disruptions of our information technology (it) networks and related systems.
our it networks and related systems are essential to the operation of our business and our ability to perform day-to-day operations and, in some cases, may be critical to the operations of certain of our tenants. we face risks associated with security breaches, whether through cyber-attacks or cyber intrusions over the internet, malware, computer viruses, hardware or software corruption or failure or poor product or vendor/developer selection (including a failure of security controls incorporated into or applied to such hardware or software), service provider error or failure, intentional or unintentional actions by employees (including the failure to follow our security protocols) and other significant disruptions of our it networks and related systems. although we make efforts to maintain the security and integrity of these types of it networks and related systems, and we have implemented various measures to manage the risk of a security breach or disruption, there can be no assurance that our security efforts and measures will be effective or that attempted security breaches or disruptions would not be successful or damaging. even the most well protected information, networks, systems and facilities remain potentially vulnerable because the techniques used in such attempted security breaches evolve and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, and in some cases are designed not to be detected and, in fact, may not be detected. accordingly, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate security barriers or other preventative measures, and thus it is impossible for us to entirely mitigate this risk.
the risk of a security breach or significant disruption has generally increased due to our increased reliance on technology, a rise in the number, intensity, and sophistication of attempted attacks globally, and the remote working environment throughout the covid-19 pandemic. a breach or significant and extended disruption in the functioning of our systems, including our primary website, could damage our reputation and cause us to lose customers, tenants and revenues, generate third party claims, cause operational disruption, result in the unintended and/or unauthorized public disclosure or the misappropriation of proprietary, personal identifying and confidential information, and require us to incur significant expenses to address and remediate or otherwise resolve these kinds of issues. we may not be able to recover these expenses in whole or in any part from our service providers or responsible parties, or their or our insurers. additionally, cyber-attacks perpetrated against our tenants, including unauthorized access to customers' credit card data and other confidential information, could diminish consumer confidence and spending and materially and adversely affect us.
our success depends, in part, on our ability to attract and retain talented employees, and the loss of any one of our key personnel could adversely impact our business.
the success of our business depends, in part, on the leadership and performance of our executive management team and key employees, including our ceo, who operate without the existence of employment agreements. many of our senior executives have extensive experience and strong reputations in the real estate industry, which aid us in identifying opportunities and negotiating with tenants. our ability to attract, retain and motivate talented employees could significantly impact our future performance. competition for these individuals is intense, and we cannot assure you that we will retain our executive management team and other key employees or that we will be able to attract and retain other highly qualified individuals for these positions in the future. losing any one or more of these persons could adversely affect our business, diminish our opportunities and weaken our relationships with lenders, business partners, existing and prospective tenants and others, which could have a material adverse effect on us.
simon's charter contains a general restriction on the accumulation of shares in excess of 8% of its capital stock. the charter permits the members of the simon family and related persons to own up to 18% of simon's capital stock. ownership is determined by the lower of the number of outstanding shares, voting power or value controlled. simon's board of directors may, by majority vote, permit exceptions to those levels in circumstances where simon's board of directors determines that simon's ability to qualify as a reit will not be jeopardized. these restrictions on ownership may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction or a change in control that might otherwise be in the best interest of simon's stockholders or the operating partnership's unitholders or preferred unitholders. other provisions of simon's charter and by-laws could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control even if some of simon's stockholders or the operating partnership's unitholders or preferred unitholders deem such a change to be in their best interests. these include provisions preventing holders of simon's common stock from acting by written consent and requiring that up to four directors in the aggregate may be elected by holders of class b common stock. in addition, certain provisions of the operating partnership's partnership agreement could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control. these include a provision requiring the consent of a majority in interest of units in order for simon, as general partner of the operating partnership, to, among other matters, engage in a merger transaction or sell all or substantially all of its assets.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto that are included in this annual report on form 10-k.
overview simon property group, inc. is a delaware corporation that operates as a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust, or reit, under the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended, or the internal revenue code. reits will generally not be liable for u.s. federal corporate income taxes as long as they distribute not less than 100% of their reit taxable income. simon property group, l.p. is our majority-owned delaware partnership subsidiary that owns all of our real estate properties and other assets. in this discussion, unless stated otherwise or the context otherwise requires, references to "simon" mean simon property group, inc. and references to the "operating partnership" mean simon property group, l.p. references to "we," "us" and "our" mean collectively simon, the operating partnership and those entities/subsidiaries owned or controlled by simon and/or the operating partnership. according to the operating partnership's partnership agreement, the operating partnership is required to pay all expenses of simon.
we own, develop and manage premier shopping, dining, entertainment and mixed-use destinations, which consist primarily of malls, premium outlets®, and the mills®. as of december 31, 2020, we owned or held an interest in 203 income-producing properties in the united states, which consisted of 99 malls, 69 premium outlets, 14 mills, four lifestyle centers, and 17 other retail properties in 37 states and puerto rico. we also own an 80% noncontrolling interest in the taubman realty group, llc, or trg, which has an interest in 24 regional, super-regional, and outlet malls in the u.s. and asia. in addition, we have redevelopment and expansion projects, including the addition of anchors, big box tenants, and restaurants, underway at several properties in the united states, canada, europe and asia. internationally, as of december 31, 2020, we had ownership in 31 premium outlets and designer outlet properties primarily located in asia, europe, and canada. we also have four international outlet properties under development. as of december 31, 2020, we also owned a 22.4% equity stake in klépierre sa, or klépierre, a publicly traded, paris-based real estate company, which owns, or has an interest in, shopping centers located in 15 countries in europe.
we generate the majority of our lease income from retail, dining, entertainment, and other tenants including consideration received from:
●   variable lease consideration primarily based on tenants' sales, as well as reimbursements for real estate taxes, utilities, marketing and certain other items.
we invest in real estate properties to maximize total financial return which includes both operating cash flows and capital appreciation. we seek growth in earnings, funds from operations, or ffo, and cash flows by enhancing the profitability and operation of our properties and investments. we seek to accomplish this growth through the following:
●   attracting and retaining high quality tenants and utilizing economies of scale to reduce operating expenses,
●   expanding and re-tenanting existing highly productive locations at competitive rental rates,
●   selectively acquiring or increasing our interests in high quality real estate assets or portfolios of assets,
●   generating consumer traffic in our retail properties through marketing initiatives and strategic corporate alliances, and
we also grow by generating supplemental revenues from the following activities:
●   establishing our malls as leading market resource providers for retailers and other businesses and consumer-focused corporate alliances, including payment systems (such as handling fees relating to the sales of bank-issued prepaid cards), national marketing alliances, static and digital media initiatives, business development, sponsorship, and events,
●   offering property operating services to our tenants and others, including waste handling and facility services, and the provision of energy services,
●   generating interest income on cash deposits and investments in loans, including those made to related entities.
we focus on high quality real estate across the retail real estate spectrum. we expand or redevelop properties to enhance profitability and market share of existing assets when we believe the investment of our capital meets our risk-reward criteria. we selectively develop new properties in markets we believe are not adequately served by existing retail outlet properties.
we routinely review and evaluate acquisition opportunities based on their ability to enhance our portfolio. our international strategy includes partnering with established real estate companies and financing international investments with local currency to minimize foreign exchange risk.
to support our growth, we employ a three-fold capital strategy:
●   provide the capital necessary to fund growth,
●   maintain sufficient flexibility to access capital in many forms, both public and private, and
●   manage our overall financial structure in a fashion that preserves our investment grade credit ratings.
we consider ffo, net operating income, or noi, and portfolio noi to be key measures of operating performance that are not specifically defined by accounting principles generally accepted in the united states, or gaap. we use these measures internally to evaluate the operating performance of our portfolio and provide a basis for comparison with other real estate companies. reconciliations of these measures to the most comparable gaap measure are included below in this discussion.
on march 11, 2020, the world health organization declared the novel strain of coronavirus, or covid-19, a global pandemic and recommended containment and mitigation measures worldwide. the covid-19 pandemic has already had a significant negative impact on economic and market conditions around the world in 2020, and, notwithstanding the fact that vaccines have started to be administered in the united states and elsewhere, the pandemic continues to adversely impact economic activity in real estate. the impact of the covid-19 pandemic continues to evolve and governments and other authorities, including where we own or hold interests in properties, have imposed measures intended to control its spread, including restrictions on freedom of movement, group gatherings and business operations such as travel bans, border closings, business closures, quarantines, stay-at-home, shelter-in-place orders, capacity limitations and social distancing measures. governments and other authorities are in varying stages of lifting or modifying some of these measures, however certain governments and other authorities have already been forced to, and others may in the future, reinstate these measures or impose new, more restrictive measures, if the risks, or the tenants' and consumers' perception of the risks, related to the covid-19 pandemic worsen at any time. although tenants and consumers have been adapting to the covid-19 pandemic, with tenants adding services like curbside pickup, and while consumer risk-tolerance is evolving, such adaptations and evolution may take time, and there is no guarantee that retail will return to pre-pandemic levels even once the pandemic subsides. as a result of the covid-19 pandemic and these measures, the company may experience material impacts including changes in the ability to recognize revenue due to changes in our assessment of the probability of collection of lease income and asset impairment charges as a result of changing cash flows generated by our properties. due to certain restrictive governmental orders placed on us, our domestic portfolio lost approximately 13,500 shopping days during the year.
as of october 7, 2020, all of our domestic properties and certain of our retailer investments had reopened, but we do not have certainty that additional closures in the future will not be required.
as we developed and implemented our response to the impact of the covid-19 pandemic and restriction intended to prevent its spread on our business, our primary focus has been on the health and safety of our employees, our shoppers and the communities in which we serve. we implemented a series of actions to reduce costs and increase liquidity in light of the economic impacts of the pandemic, including:
results overview diluted earnings per share and diluted earnings per unit decreased $3.22 during 2020 to $3.59 as compared to $6.81 in 2019. the decrease in diluted earnings per share and diluted earnings per unit was primarily attributable to:
●   a lawsuit settled with our former insurance broker in 2019 related to the significant flood damage sustained at opry mills in may 2010 of $68.0 million, or $0.19 per diluted share/unit,
●   a gain in 2019 related to the disposition of our interest in a multi-family residential investment of $16.2 million, or $0.05 per diluted share/unit,
●   decreased consolidated lease income of $941.4 million, or $2.65 per diluted share/unit, comprised of decreased fixed lease income of $422.0 million and decreased variable lease income of $519.4 million, which was primarily due to covid-19 disruption,
●   decreased other income, excluding the two aforementioned 2019 transactions, of $106.1 million, or $0.30 per diluted share/unit, primarily related to decreased simon brand ventures and gift card revenues due to covid-19 disruption,
●   a net loss in 2020 of $115.0 million, or $0.32 per diluted share/unit, primarily related to impairment charges in 2020 related to klépierre, our investment in hbs, one consolidated property, and three joint venture properties, partially offset by gains from disposition activity in 2020, of $14.9 million, or $0.04 per diluted share/unit which was lower than 2019 net gains,
●   decreased income from unconsolidated entities of $224.5 million, or $0.63 per diluted share/unit, primarily due to unfavorable domestic and international operations and year-over-year operations from retailer investments of $7.5 million, or $0.02 per diluted share/unit, all of which were impacted by covid-19 disruption, and
●   an unrealized unfavorable change in fair value of equity instruments of $11.4 million, or $0.03 per diluted share/unit, partially offset by
●   decreased consolidated total operating expenses of $211.7 million, or $0.60 per diluted share/unit, which was primarily related to cost reduction efforts as a result of the covid-19 disruption,
●   a charge on early extinguishment of debt of $116.3 million, or $0.33 per diluted share/unit, in 2019, and
●   decreased tax expense of $34.7 million, or $0.10 per diluted share/unit.
portfolio noi decreased 17.1% in 2020 as compared to 2019. average base minimum rent for u.s. malls and premium outlets increased 2.2% to $55.80 psf as of december 31, 2020, from $54.59 psf as of december 31, 2019. leasing spreads in our u.s. malls and premium outlets decreased to an open/close leasing spread (based on total tenant payments - base minimum rent plus common area maintenance) of $4.41 psf ($60.08 openings compared to $64.49 closings) as of december 31, 2020, representing a 6.8% decrease. ending occupancy for our u.s. malls and premium outlets decreased 3.8% to 91.3% as of december 31, 2020, from 95.1% as of december 31, 2019, primarily due to 2020 tenant bankruptcy activity, partially offset by leasing activity.
our effective overall borrowing rate at december 31, 2020 on our consolidated indebtedness decreased 18 basis points to 2.98% as compared to 3.16% at december 31, 2019. this decrease was primarily due to a decrease in the effective overall borrowing rate on variable rate debt of 130 basis points (1.31% at december 31, 2020 as compared to 2.61% at december 31, 2019) partially offset by an increase in the effective overall borrowing rate on fixed rate debt of four basis points (3.50% at december 31, 2020 as compared to 3.46% at december 31, 2019). the weighted average years to maturity of our consolidated indebtedness was 7.3 years and 7.4 years at december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
our financing activity for the year ended december 31, 2020 included:
●   amending and replacing in its entirety the operating partnership's existing $4.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility, or credit facility, by entering into an unsecured credit facility comprised of (i) an amendment and extension of the credit facility and (ii) a $2.0 billion delayed-draw term loan facility, or term facility,
●   borrowing $3.1 billion under the credit facility and subsequently repaying $3.1 billion under the credit facility,
●   borrowing $875.0 million under the operating partnership's $3.5 billion unsecured revolving credit facility, or supplemental facility, and together with the credit facility and term facility, the facilities, and subsequently repaying $875.0 million,
●   borrowing $2.0 billion under the term facility,
●   completing, on july 9, 2020, the issuance by the operating partnership of the following senior unsecured notes: $500 million with a fixed interest rate of 3.50%, $750 million with a fixed interest rate 2.65%, and $750 million with a fixed interest rate of 3.80%, with maturity dates of september 2025 (the "2025 notes"), june 2030, and june 2050, respectively. the 2025 notes were issued as additional notes under an indenture pursuant to which the operating partnership previously issued $600 million principal amount of 3.50% senior notes due september 2025 on august 17, 2015. proceeds from the unsecured notes offering funded the optional redemption at par of senior unsecured notes in july and august 2020, as discussed below, and repaid a portion of the indebtedness under the facilities,
subsequent activity on january 21, 2021 the operating partnership completed the issuance of the following senior unsecured notes: $800 million with a fixed interest rate of 1.75%, and $700 million with a fixed interest rate of 2.20%, with maturity dates of january 2028 and 2031, respectively.
on january 27, 2021 the operating partnership completed the planned optional redemption of its $550 million 2.50% notes due on july 15, 2021, including the make-whole amount. further on february 2, 2021, the operating partnership repaid $750 million under the term facility.
united states portfolio data the portfolio data discussed in this overview includes the following key operating statistics: ending occupancy, and average base minimum rent per square foot. we include acquired properties in this data beginning in the year of acquisition and remove disposed properties in the year of disposition. for comparative information purposes, we separate the information related to the mills from our other u.s. operations. we also do not include any information for properties located outside the united states or properties included in trg.
●   properties we account for under the equity method of accounting as joint ventures, and
current leasing activities during 2020, we signed 460 new leases and 1,175 renewal leases (excluding mall anchors and majors, new development, redevelopment and leases with terms of one year or less) with a fixed minimum rent across our u.s. malls and premium outlets portfolio, comprising approximately 6.1 million square feet, of which 4.8 million square feet related to consolidated properties. during 2019, we signed 990 new leases and 1,281 renewal leases with a fixed minimum rent, comprising approximately 7.6 million square feet, of which 5.7 million square feet related to consolidated properties. the average annual initial base minimum rent for new leases was $53.97 per square foot in 2020 and $56.80 per square foot in 2019 with an average tenant allowance on new leases of $51.01 per square foot and $47.57 per square foot, respectively.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of financial statements in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles, or gaap, requires management to use judgment in the application of accounting policies, including making estimates and assumptions. we base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. these judgments affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. if our judgment or interpretation of the facts and circumstances relating to various transactions had been different, it is possible that different accounting policies would have been applied resulting in a different presentation of our financial statements. from time to time, we reevaluate our estimates and assumptions. in the event estimates or assumptions prove to be different from actual results, adjustments are made in subsequent periods to reflect more current information. below is a discussion of accounting policies that we consider critical in that they may require complex judgment in their application or require estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain. for a summary of our significant accounting policies, see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
●   we, as a lessor, retain substantially all of the risks and benefits of ownership of the investment properties and account for our leases as operating leases. we accrue fixed lease income on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases, when we believe substantially all lease income, including the related straight-line rent receivable, is probable of collection. our assessment of collectability incorporates available operational performance measures such as sales and the aging of billed amounts as well as other publicly available information with respect to our tenant's financial condition, liquidity and capital resources, including declines in such conditions due to, or amplified by, the covid-19 pandemic. when a tenant seeks to reorganize its operations through bankruptcy proceedings, we assess the collectability of receivable balances including, among other things, the timing of a tenant's bankruptcy filing and our expectations of the assumption by the tenant in bankruptcy proceeding of leases at the company's properties on substantially similar terms. in the event that we determine accrued receivables are not probable of collection, lease income will be recorded on a cash basis, with the corresponding tenant receivable and straight-line rent receivable charged as a direct write-off against lease income in the period of the change in our collectability determination.
●   we review investment properties for impairment on a property-by-property basis to identify and evaluate events or changes in circumstances which indicate that the carrying value of investment properties may not be recoverable. these circumstances include, but are not limited to, changes in a property's operational performance such as declining cash flows, occupancy or total sales per square foot, the company's intent and ability to hold the related asset, and, if applicable, the remaining time to maturity of underlying financing arrangements. we measure any impairment of investment property when the estimated undiscounted operating income before depreciation and amortization during the anticipated holding period plus its residual value is less than the carrying value of the property. to the extent impairment has occurred, we charge to income the excess of carrying value of the property over our estimate of its fair value. we also review our investments, including investments in unconsolidated entities, to identify and evaluate whether events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of our investments may not be recoverable. we will record an impairment charge if we determine the fair value of the investments are less than their carrying value and such impairment is other-than-temporary. our evaluation of changes in economic or operating conditions and whether an impairment is other-than-temporary may include developing estimates of fair value, forecasted cash flows or operating income before depreciation and amortization. we estimate undiscounted cash flows and fair value using observable and unobservable data such as operating income, hold periods, estimated capitalization and discount rates, or relevant market multiples, leasing prospects and local market information and whether certain impairments are other-than-temporary. changes in economic and operating conditions, including changes in the financial condition of our tenants, and changes to our intent and ability to hold the related asset, that occur subsequent to our review of recoverability of investment property and other investments could impact the assumptions used in that assessment and could result in future charges to earnings if assumptions regarding those investments differ from actual results.
●   to maintain simon's status as a reit, we must distribute at least 90% of reit taxable income in any given year and meet certain asset and income tests. we monitor our business and transactions that may potentially impact simon's reit status. in the unlikely event that we fail to maintain simon's reit status, and available relief provisions do not apply, we would be required to pay u.s. federal income taxes at regular corporate income tax rates during the period simon did not qualify as a reit. if simon lost its reit status, it could not elect to be taxed as a reit for four taxable years following the year during which qualification was lost unless its failure was due
to reasonable cause and certain other conditions were met. as a result, failing to maintain reit status would result in a significant increase in the income tax expense recorded and paid during those periods.
●   in the period of a significant acquisition of real estate, we make estimates as part of our valuation of the purchase price of asset acquisitions (including the components of excess investment in joint ventures) to the various components of the acquisition based upon the relative fair value of each component. the most significant components of our real estate valuations are typically the determination of relative fair value to the buildings as-if-vacant, land and market value of in-place leases. in the case of the fair value of buildings and fair value of land and other intangibles, our estimates of the values of these components will affect the amount of depreciation or amortization we record over the estimated useful life of the property acquired or the remaining lease term. in the case of the market value of in-place leases, we make our best estimates of the tenants' ability to pay rents based upon the tenants' operating performance at the property, including the competitive position of the property in its market as well as sales psf, rents psf, and overall occupancy cost for the tenants in place at the acquisition date. our assumptions affect the amount of future revenue that we will recognize over the remaining lease term for the acquired in-place leases.
results of operations in addition to the activity discussed above in the "results overview" section, the following acquisitions, dispositions, and openings of consolidated properties affected our consolidated results in the comparative periods:
in addition to the activities discussed above and in "results overview", the following acquisitions, dispositions, and openings of noncontrolling interests in joint venture properties affected our income from unconsolidated entities in the comparative periods:
●   on december 29, 2020, we completed the acquisition of an 80% ownership interest in trg, which is engaged in the ownership of 24 regional, super-regional, and outlet malls in the u.s. and asia.
●   on december 7, 2020, we and a group of co-investors acquired certain assets and liabilities of j.c. penney, a department store retailer, out of bankruptcy. our interest in the venture is 41.67%.
●   on february 19, 2020 we and a group of co-investors acquired certain assets and liabilities of forever 21, a retailer of apparel and accessories, out of bankruptcy. the interests were acquired through two separate joint ventures, a licensing venture and an operating venture. our interest in each of the retail operations venture and in the licensing venture is 37.5%.
●   in january 2020, we acquired additional interests of 5.05% and 1.37% in sparc group, formerly known as aeropostale and authentic brands groups, llc, or abg, respectively.
●   on october 16, 2019 we acquired a 45% interest in rue gilt groupe, or rgg, to create a new multi-platform venture dedicated to digital value shopping.
●   during 2018, we contributed our interest in the licensing venture of aéropostale for additional interests in authentic brands group llc, or abg. our original interest in abg was 5.4% and is currently 6.8%.
total other income decreased $190.2 million, primarily due to a $75.7 million decrease related to simon brand venture and gift card revenues, a $68.0 million decrease related to a gain on settlement with our former insurance broker in 2019, a $16.2 million gain on the 2019 sale of our interest in a multi-family residential property, a $10.9 million decrease in distributions from investments, a $9.1 million decrease in interest income and lower business interruption insurance proceeds received in connection with our two puerto rico properties as a result of hurricane damages of $5.2 million, partially offset by a $6.2 million gain on a partial sale and mark-to-market adjustment of our retained interest in a non-retail investment and a $4.1 million gain related to the sale of outparcels.
property operating expenses decreased $104.0 million primarily due to the closure of properties as a result of the covid-19 pandemic and governmental restrictions intended to prevent its spread and cost reduction efforts, as previously discussed.
repairs and maintenance expenses decreased $19.6 million primarily due to the closure of properties as a result of the covid-19 pandemic and governmental restrictions intended to prevent its spread and cost reduction efforts, as previously discussed.
advertising and promotion decreased $51.7 million primarily due to the closure of properties as a result of the covid-19 pandemic and governmental restrictions intended to prevent its spread and cost reduction efforts, as previously discussed.
income and other tax expense changed by $34.7 million primarily as a result of a higher tax benefit due to larger losses on our share of operating results in the retail operations venture of sparc group as compared to 2019, and reduced withholding and income taxes related to certain of our international investments, partially offset by tax expense from a bargain purchase gain recorded as a result of the acquisition of our interest in forever 21.
income from unconsolidated entities decreased $224.5 million primarily due to unfavorable year-over-year domestic and international property operations, as well as results of operations from our retailer investments, both of which were impacted by covid-19 disruption, partially offset by a $35.0 million pre-tax non-cash bargain purchase gain recorded as a result of the acquisition of our interest in forever 21 and a gain from the sale of a non-retail asset, of which our share
during 2020, we recorded $125.6 million of impairment charges related to one consolidated property, an other-than-temporary impairment on our equity investment in three joint venture properties, an other-than-temporary impairment to reduce our investment in hbs to its estimated fair value, and a $4.3 million loss, net, related to the impairment and disposition of certain assets by klépierre, partially offset by a $12.3 million gain on the disposal of our interest in one consolidated property, a $1.9 million excess gain on insurance proceeds related to our two properties in puerto rico and a $1.0 million gain related to the disposition of a shopping center by one of our joint venture investments. during 2019, we recorded net gains of $62.1 million primarily related to klépierre's disposition of certain shopping centers, offset by a $47.2 million impairment charge related to our investment in hbs.
total other income increased $27.9 million, primarily due to a $68.0 million increase related to a lawsuit settled with our former insurance broker in 2019 related to the significant flood damage sustained at opry mills in may 2010, a $16.2 million gain on the sale of our interest in a multi-family residential property, a $12.4 million increase in interest income, an $11.2 million increase in simon brand venture and gift card revenues, an increase of $10.4 million in land sales including gains as a result of land contributions for densification projects at two of our properties, and the impact of consolidated franchise and hotel revenues, partially offset by a $35.6 million non-cash gain recorded in 2018 associated with our contribution of our interest in the aéropostale licensing venture for additional interests in abg, a $26.7 million decrease in lease settlement income, a $23.9 million decrease in income related to distributions from an international investment received in 2018 and a $9.5 million decrease related to business interruption insurance proceeds received in connection with our two puerto rico properties as a result of hurricane damages.
depreciation and amortization expense increased $58.0 million, of which the property transactions accounted for $11.0 million. the comparable properties increased $47.0 million primarily as a result of an increase in tenant allowance write-offs in 2019 and the acceleration of depreciation on a property upon initiation of a major redevelopment.
home and regional office costs increased $53.4 million, primarily due to the suspension of leasing cost capitalization in 2019 as a result of the adoption of a new accounting pronouncement.
other expense increased $15.8 million primarily related to a $4.9 million unfavorable non-cash mark-to-market on certain of our non-real estate equity instruments, and the impact of consolidated franchise and hotel operational expenses.
income from unconsolidated entities decreased $30.9 million as a result of the sale of german assets within our hbs joint venture in 2018, and the impact from the consolidation of a property that was previously unconsolidated in the third quarter of 2018, partially offset by favorable results of operations from our international joint venture investments.
during 2019, we recorded net gains of $62.1 million primarily related to klépierre's disposition of certain shopping centers, offset by a $47.2 million impairment charge related to our investment in hbs. during 2018, we recorded net gains of $12.5 million related to property insurance recoveries of previously depreciated assets and $276.3 million primarily related to our disposition of two retail properties, as well as the disposal of our interest in the german department stores owned through our investment in hbs, as further discussed in note 6 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
liquidity and capital resources because we own long-lived income-producing assets, our financing strategy relies primarily on long-term fixed rate debt. floating rate debt comprised only 12.1% of our total consolidated debt at december 31, 2020. we also enter into interest rate protection agreements from time to time to manage our interest rate risk. we derive most of our liquidity from positive net cash flow from operations and distributions of capital from unconsolidated entities that totaled $2.6 billion in the aggregate during 2020. the facilities and the commercial paper program provide alternative sources of liquidity as our cash needs vary from time to time. borrowing capacity under these sources may be increased as discussed further below.
on december 31, 2020, we had an aggregate available borrowing capacity of approximately $6.7 billion under the facilities, net of outstanding borrowings of $2.1 billion, amounts outstanding under the commercial paper program of $623.0 million and letters of credit of $12.3 million. for the year ended december 31, 2020, the maximum aggregate outstanding balance under the facilities was $3.9 billion and the weighted average outstanding balance was $1.8 billion. the weighted average interest rate was 1.04% for the year ended december 31, 2020.
simon has historically had access to public equity markets and the operating partnership has historically had access to private and public, short and long-term unsecured debt markets and access to secured debt and private equity from institutional investors at the property level.
our business model and simon's status as a reit require us to regularly access the debt markets to raise funds for acquisition, development and redevelopment activity, and to refinance maturing debt. simon may also, from time to time, access the equity capital markets to accomplish our business objectives. we believe we have sufficient cash on hand and availability under the credit facility and the supplemental facility, or together the credit facilities, and the commercial paper program to address our debt maturities and capital needs through 2021.
cash flows our net cash flow from operating activities and distributions of capital from unconsolidated entities totaled $2.6 billion during 2020. in addition, we had net proceeds from our debt financing and repayment activities of $2.3 billion in 2020. these activities are further discussed below under "financing and debt." during 2020, we also:
●   funded the acquisition of the ventures which purchased certain assets of forever 21, acquired additional interests in sparc group and abg, funded the acquisition of the ventures which purchased certain assets of j.c. penney, and funded the acquisition of an 80% ownership interest in trg, the aggregate cash portion of which was $3.6 billion,
●   paid stockholder dividends and unitholder distributions totaling approximately $1.7 billion and preferred unit distributions totaling $5.3 million,
●   funded consolidated capital expenditures of $484.1 million (including development and other costs of $26.3 million, redevelopment and expansion costs of $399.3 million, and tenant costs and other operational capital expenditures of $58.5 million),
●   funded investments in unconsolidated entities of $191.4 million,
●   funded investments in equity instruments of $33.0 million,
●   received proceeds on the sale of equity instruments of $30.0 million,
●   funded the repurchase of $152.6 million of simon's common stock and redeemed units of the operating partnership for $16.1 million.
in general, we anticipate that cash generated from operations will be sufficient to meet operating expenses, monthly debt service, recurring capital expenditures, and dividends to stockholders and/or distributions to partners necessary to
maintain simon's reit qualification on a long-term basis. at this time, we do not expect the impact of covid-19 to impact our ability to fund these needs for the foreseeable future; however its ultimate impact is difficult to predict. in addition, we expect to be able to generate or obtain capital for nonrecurring capital expenditures, such as acquisitions, major building redevelopments and expansions, as well as for scheduled principal maturities on outstanding indebtedness, from the following, however a severe and prolonged disruption and instability in the global financial markets, including the debt and equity capital markets, may affect our ability to access necessary capital:
●   excess cash generated from operating performance and working capital reserves,
●   borrowings on the credit facilities and commercial paper program,
●   additional secured or unsecured debt financing, or
●   additional equity raised in the public or private markets.
we expect to generate positive cash flow from operations in 2021, and we consider these projected cash flows in our sources and uses of cash. these cash flows are principally derived from rents paid by our tenants. a significant deterioration in projected cash flows from operations, including one due to the impact of the covid-19 pandemic and restrictions intended to restrict its spread, could cause us to increase our reliance on available funds from the credit facilities and commercial paper program, further curtail planned capital expenditures, or seek other additional sources of financing.
financing and debt unsecured debt at december 31, 2020, our unsecured debt consisted of $17.1 billion of senior unsecured notes of the operating partnership, $125.0 million outstanding under the credit facility, $2.0 billion outstanding under the term facility, and $623.0 million outstanding under commercial paper program.
on march 16, 2020, the operating partnership replaced in its entirety its existing $4.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility by entering into an unsecured credit facility comprised of (i) an amendment and extension of the credit facility and (ii) the term facility. the credit facility and the term facility can be increased in the form of either additional commitments under the credit facility or incremental term loans under the term facility in an aggregate amount for all such increases not to exceed $1.0 billion, for a total aggregate size of $7.0 billion, in each case, subject to obtaining additional lender commitments and satisfying certain customary conditions precedent. borrowings may be denominated in u.s. dollars, euro, yen, sterling, canadian dollars and australian dollars. borrowings in currencies other than the u.s. dollar are limited to 95% of the maximum revolving credit amount, as defined. the initial maturity date of the term facility and credit facility are june 30, 2022 and june 30, 2024, respectively. each of the term facility and credit facility can be extended for two additional six-month periods to june 30, 2023 and june 30, 2025, respectively, at our sole option, subject to satisfying certain customary conditions precedent. the term facility was available via a single draw during the nine-month period following march 16, 2020, which the operating partnership drew on december 15, 2020.
borrowings under the credit facility bear interest, at the operating partnership's election, at either (i) libor plus a margin determined by the operating partnership's corporate credit rating of between 0.65% and 1.40% or (ii) the base rate (which rate is equal to the greatest of the prime rate, the federal funds effective rate plus 0.50% or libor plus 1.00%) (the "base rate"), plus a margin determined by the operating partnership's corporate credit rating of between 0.00% and 0.40%. the credit facility includes a facility fee determined by the operating partnership's corporate credit rating of between 0.10% and 0.30% on the aggregate revolving commitments under the credit facility. the credit facility contains a money market competitive bid option program that allows the operating partnership to hold auctions to achieve lower pricing for short-term borrowings. borrowings under the term facility bear interest, at the operating partnership's election, at either (i) libor plus a margin determined based on the operating partnership's corporate credit rating of between 0.725% and 1.60% or (ii) the base rate (equal to the greatest of the prime rate, the federal funds effective rate plus 0.50% or libor plus 1.00%) plus a margin determined by the operating partnership's corporate credit rating of between 0.00% and 0.60%. the term facility includes a ticking fee equal to 0.10% of the unused term loan commitment under the term facility, which ticking fee commenced accruing on the date that is forty-five days after the closing of the term facility.
the supplemental facility's initial borrowing capacity of $3.5 billion may be increased to $4.5 billion during its term and provides for borrowings denominated in u.s. dollars, euro, yen, sterling, canadian dollars and australian dollars. the initial maturity date of the supplemental facility was extended to june 30, 2022 and can be extended for an additional year
to june 30, 2023 at our sole option, subject to our continued compliance with the terms thereof. the base interest rate on the supplemental facility is libor plus 77.5 basis points, with an additional facility fee of 10 basis points.
on december 31, 2020, we had an aggregate available borrowing capacity of $6.7 billion under the facilities. the maximum aggregate outstanding balance under the facilities during the year ended december 31, 2020 was $3.9 billion and the weighted average outstanding balance was $1.8 billion. letters of credit of $12.3 million were outstanding under the facilities as of december 31, 2020.
the operating partnership also has available a commercial paper program of $2.0 billion, or the non-u.s. dollar equivalent thereof. the operating partnership may issue unsecured commercial paper notes, denominated in u.s. dollars, euro and other currencies. notes issued in non-u.s. currencies may be issued by one or more subsidiaries of the operating partnership and are guaranteed by the operating partnership. notes will be sold under customary terms in the u.s. and euro commercial paper note markets and rank (either by themselves or as a result of the guarantee described above) pari passu with the operating partnership's other unsecured senior indebtedness. the commercial paper program is supported by the credit facilities and if necessary or appropriate, we may make one or more draws under either of the credit facilities to pay amounts outstanding from time to time on the commercial paper program. on december 31, 2020, we had $623.0 million outstanding under the commercial paper program, fully comprised of u.s. dollar denominated notes with a weighted average interest rate of 0.29%. these borrowings have a weighted average maturity date of february 19, 2021 and reduce amounts otherwise available under the credit facilities.
on july 9, 2020, the operating partnership completed the issuance of the following senior unsecured notes: $500.0 million with a fixed interest rate of 3.50%, $750 million with a fixed interest rate of 2.65%, and $750 million with a fixed interest rate of 3.80%, with maturity dates of september 2025 (the "2025" notes"), june 2030, and june 2050, respectively. the 2025 notes were issued as additional notes under an indenture pursuant to which the operating partnership previously issued $600 million principal amount of 3.50% senior notes due september 2025 on august 17, 2015. proceeds from the unsecured notes offering funded the optional redemption at par of senior unsecured notes in july and august 2020, as discussed below, and repaid a portion of the indebtedness under the facilities.
on july 10, 2020 the operating partnership repaid $1.75 billion under the credit facility and $750.0 million under the supplemental facility.
on july 22, 2020, the operating partnership completed the optional redemption at par of its $500 million 2.50% notes due september 1, 2020.
on august 6, 2020 the operating partnership completed the optional redemption at par of its €375 million 2.375% notes due october 2, 2020.
on january 21, 2021 the operating partnership completed the issuance of the following senior unsecured notes: $800 million with a fixed interest rate of 1.75%, and $700 million with a fixed interest rate of 2.20%, with maturity dates of january 2028 and 2031, respectively.
on january 27, 2021 the operating partnership completed the planned optional redemption of its $550 million 2.50% notes due on july 15, 2021, including the make-whole amount. further, on february 2, 2021, the operating partnership repaid $750 million under the term facility.
on october 7, 2019 the operating partnership completed the early redemption of its $900 million 4.375% notes due march 1, 2021, $700 million 4.125% notes due december 1, 2021, $600 million 3.375% notes due march 15, 2022 and €375 million of the €750 million 2.375% notes due october 2, 2020. we recorded a $116.3 million loss on extinguishment of debt in the fourth quarter of 2019 as a result of the early redemption.
covenants our unsecured debt agreements contain financial covenants and other non-financial covenants. if we were to fail to comply with these covenants, after the expiration of the applicable cure periods, the debt maturity could be accelerated or other remedies could be sought by the lender, including adjustments to the applicable interest rate. as of december 31, 2020, we were in compliance with all covenants of our unsecured debt.
at december 31, 2020, our consolidated subsidiaries were the borrowers under 46 non-recourse mortgage notes secured by mortgages on 49 properties and other assets, including two separate pools of cross-defaulted and cross-collateralized mortgages encumbering a total of five properties. under these cross-default provisions, a default under any mortgage included in the cross-defaulted pool may constitute a default under all mortgages within that pool and may lead to acceleration of the indebtedness due on each property within the pool. certain of our secured debt instruments contain financial and other non-financial covenants which are specific to the properties that serve as collateral for that debt. if the applicable borrower under these non-recourse mortgage notes were to fail to comply with these covenants, the lender could accelerate the debt and enforce its rights against their collateral. at december 31, 2020, the applicable borrowers under these non-recourse mortgage notes were in compliance with all covenants where non-compliance could individually or in the aggregate, giving effect to applicable cross-default provisions, have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity or results of operations.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements in regards to long-term debt arrangements, the following table summarizes the material aspects of these future obligations on our consolidated indebtedness as of december 31, 2020, and subsequent years thereafter (dollars in thousands) assuming the obligations remain outstanding through initial maturities:
consolidated capital expenditure commitments (3)               183,447                       -                       -               -                         183,447
lease commitments (4)                                           32,787                  65,765                  66,185               886,336                 1,051,073
(1)   represents principal maturities only and, therefore, excludes net discounts and debt issuance costs.
(3)   represents contractual commitments for capital projects and services at december 31, 2020. our share of estimated 2020 development, redevelopment and expansion activity is further discussed below under "development activity".
our off-balance sheet arrangements consist primarily of our investments in joint ventures which are common in the real estate industry and are described in note 6 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. our joint ventures typically fund their cash needs through secured non-recourse debt financings obtained by and in the name of the joint venture entity. the joint venture debt is secured by a first mortgage, is without recourse to the joint venture partners, and does not represent a liability of the partners, except to the extent the partners or their affiliates expressly guarantee the joint venture debt. as of december 31, 2020, the operating partnership guaranteed joint venture-related mortgage
indebtedness of $219.2 million. mortgages guaranteed by the operating partnership are secured by the property of the joint venture which could be sold in order to satisfy the outstanding obligation and which has an estimated fair value in excess of the guaranteed amount. we may elect to fund cash needs of a joint venture through equity contributions (generally on a basis proportionate to our ownership interests), advances or partner loans, although such fundings are not required contractually or otherwise.
acquisitions and dispositions buy-sell, marketing rights, and other exit mechanisms are common in real estate partnership agreements. most of our partners are institutional investors who have a history of direct investment in retail real estate. we and our partners in our joint venture properties may initiate these provisions (subject to any applicable lock up or similar restrictions). if we determine it is in our best interests for us to purchase the joint venture interest and we believe we have adequate liquidity to execute the purchase without hindering our cash flows, then we may initiate these provisions or elect to buy our partner's interest. if we decide to sell any of our joint venture interests, we expect to use the net proceeds to reduce outstanding indebtedness or to reinvest in development, redevelopment, or expansion opportunities.
acquisitions. in january 2020, we acquired additional interests of 5.05% and 1.37% in sparc group and abg, respectively, for $6.7 million and $33.5 million, respectively. during the third quarter of 2020, sparc acquired certain assets and operations of brooks brothers and lucky brands out of bankruptcy. at september 30, 2020, our noncontrolling equity method interests in the operations venture of sparc group and in abg were 50.0% and 6.8%, respectively.
on september 25, 2018, we acquired the remaining 50% interest in the outlets at orange from our joint venture partner. the operating partnership issued 475,183 units, or approximately $84.1 million, as consideration for the acquisition. the property is subject to a $215.0 million 4.22% fixed rate mortgage loan.
dispositions. we may continue to pursue the disposition of properties that no longer meet our strategic criteria or that are not a primary retail venue within their trade area.
during 2020, we disposed of our interest in one consolidated retail property. a portion of the gross proceeds on this transaction of $33.4 million was used to partially repay a cross-collateralized mortgage. our share of the $12.3 million gain is included in (loss) gain on sale or disposal of, or recovery on, assets and interests in unconsolidated entities and impairment, net in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income.
related to klépierre's disposition of its interests in certain shopping centers, of which our share was $58.6 million, as discussed in note 6 to the consolidated financial statements.
during 2018, we recorded net gains of $288.8 million primarily related to disposition activity which included the foreclosure of two consolidated retail properties in satisfaction of their $200.0 million and $80.0 million non-recourse mortgage loans and, as discussed in note 6 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, our interest in the german department store properties owned through our investment in hbs was sold during the fourth quarter of 2018. also, as discussed further in note 6 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, klépierre disposed of its interests in certain shopping centers resulting in a gain of which our share was $20.2 million.
joint venture formation activity on december 29, 2020, we completed the acquisition of an 80% ownership interest in trg, which has an ownership interest in 24 regional, super-regional, and outlet malls in the u.s. and asia. under the terms of the transaction, we, through the operating partnership, acquired all of taubman centers, inc. common stock for $43.00 per share in cash. total consideration for the acquisition, including the redemption of taubman's $192.5 million 6.5% series j cumulative preferred shares and its $170.0 million 6.25% series k cumulative preferred shares, and the issuance of 955,705 operating partnership units, was approximately $3.5 billion. our investment includes the 6.38% series a cumulative redeemable preferred units for $362.5 million issued to us.
on december 7, 2020, we and a group of co-investors acquired certain assets and liabilities of j.c. penney, a department store retailer, out of bankruptcy. our noncontrolling interest in the venture is 41.67% and was acquired for cash consideration of $125.0 million.
on february 19, 2020, we and a group of co-investors acquired certain assets and liabilities of forever 21, a retailer of apparel and accessories, out of bankruptcy. the interests were acquired through two separate joint ventures, a licensing venture and an operating venture. our noncontrolling interest in each of the retail operations venture and in the licensing venture is 37.5%. our aggregate investment in the ventures was $67.6 million. in connection with the acquisition of our interest, the forever 21 joint venture recorded a non-cash bargain purchase gain of which our share of $35.0 million pre-tax is included in income from unconsolidated entities in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income.
on october 16, 2019, we contributed approximately $276.8 million consisting of cash and the shop premium outlets, or spo, assets for a 45% noncontrolling interest in rue gilt groupe, or rgg, to create a new multi-platform venture dedicated to digital value shopping, as further discussed in note 6 to the consolidated financial statements.
development activity we routinely incur costs related to construction for significant redevelopment and expansion projects at our properties. redevelopment and expansion projects, including the addition of anchors, big box tenants, and restaurants are underway at several properties in the united states, canada, europe, and asia.
in response to the covid-19 pandemic, the company has suspended more than $1.0 billion of capital in development projects. the company will re-evaluate all suspended projects over time. construction continues on certain redevelopment and new development projects in the u.s. and internationally that are nearing completion. our share of the costs of all new development, redevelopment and expansion projects currently under construction is approximately $829 million. simon's share of remaining net cash funding required to complete the new development and redevelopment projects currently under construction is approximately $89 million. we expect to fund these capital projects with cash flows from operations. we seek a stabilized return on invested capital in the range of 8-10% for all of our new development, expansion and redevelopment projects.
summary of capital expenditures. the following table summarizes total capital expenditures on consolidated properties on a cash basis (in millions):
operational capital expenditures             5           143           132
international development activity we typically reinvest net cash flow from our international joint ventures to fund future international development activity. we believe this strategy mitigates some of the risk of our initial investment and our exposure to changes in foreign currencies. we have also funded most of our foreign investments with local currency-denominated borrowings that act as a natural hedge against fluctuations in exchange rates. our consolidated net income exposure to changes in the volatility of the euro, yen, peso, won, and other foreign currencies is not material. we expect our share of estimated committed capital for international development projects to be completed with projected delivery in 2021 or 2022 is $36 million, primarily funded through reinvested joint venture cash flow and construction loans.
la reggia designer outlet phase 3       marcianise (naples), italy             58,000            92%              eur         30.9            $37.9                       nov. 2021
dividends, distributions and stock repurchase program simon paid a common stock dividend of $1.30 per share in the fourth quarter of 2020 and $4.70 per share for the year ended december 31, 2020. the operating partnership paid distributions per unit for the same amounts. in 2019, simon paid dividends of $2.10 and $8.30 per share for the three and twelve month periods ended december 31, 2019, respectively. the operating partnership paid distributions per unit for the same amounts. on december 15, 2020, simon's board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend for the fourth quarter of 2020 of $1.30 per share, payable on january 22, 2021 to shareholders of record on december 24, 2020. the distribution rate on units is equal to the dividend rate on common stock. in order to maintain its status as a reit, simon must pay a minimum amount of dividends. simon's future dividends and the operating partnership's future distributions will be determined by simon's board of directors, in its sole discretion, based on actual and projected financial condition, liquidity and results of operations, cash available for dividends and limited partner distributions, cash reserves as deemed necessary for capital and operating expenditures, financing covenants, if any, and the amount required to maintain simon's status as a reit.
on february 13, 2017, simon's board of directors authorized a two-year extension of the previously authorized $2.0 billion common stock repurchase plan through march 31, 2019. on february 11, 2019, simon's board of directors authorized a new common stock repurchase plan. under the plan, simon could repurchase up to $2.0 billion of its common stock during the two-year period ending february 11, 2021 in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions as market conditions warrant. during the year ended december 31, 2020, simon purchased 1,245,654 shares at an average price of $122.50 per share. during the year ended december 31, 2019, simon purchased 2,247,074 shares at an average price of $160.11 per share, of which 46,377 shares at an average price of $164.49 were purchased as part of the previous program. at december 31, 2020, we had remaining authority to repurchase approximately $1.5 billion of common stock, which has subsequently expired. as simon repurchases shares under these programs, the operating partnership repurchases an equal number of units from simon.
forward-looking statements certain statements made in this section or elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k may be deemed "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that its expectations will be attained, and it is possible that our actual results may differ materially from those indicated by
these forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. such factors include, but are not limited to: uncertainties regarding the impact of the covid-19 pandemic and governmental restrictions intended to prevent its spread on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and liquidity and our ability to access the capital markets, satisfy our debt service obligations and make distributions to our stockholders; changes in economic and market conditions that may adversely affect the general retail environment; the potential loss of anchor stores or major tenants; the inability to collect rent due to the bankruptcy or insolvency of tenants or otherwise; the intensely competitive market environment in the retail industry, including e-commerce; an increase in vacant space at our properties; the inability to lease newly developed properties and renew leases and relet space at existing properties on favorable terms; our international activities subjecting us to risks that are different from or greater than those associated with our domestic operations, including changes in foreign exchange rates; risks associated with the acquisition, development, redevelopment, expansion, leasing and management of properties; general risks related to real estate investments, including the illiquidity of real estate investments; the impact of our substantial indebtedness on our future operations, including covenants in the governing agreements that impose restrictions on us that may affect our ability to operate freely; any disruption in the financial markets that may adversely affect our ability to access capital for growth and satisfy our ongoing debt service requirements; any change in our credit rating; changes in market rates of interest; the transition of libor to an alternative reference rate; our continued ability to maintain our status as a reit; changes in tax laws or regulations that result in adverse tax consequences; risks relating to our joint venture properties, including guarantees of certain joint venture indebtedness; environmental liabilities; natural disasters; the availability of comprehensive insurance coverage; the potential for terrorist activities; security breaches that could compromise our information technology or infrastructure; and the loss of key management personnel; and. we discussed these and other risks and uncertainties under the heading "risk factors" in part 1, item 1a of this annual report on form 10-k. we may update that discussion in subsequent other periodic reports, but except as required by law, we undertake no duty or obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future developments, or otherwise.
non-gaap financial measures industry practice is to evaluate real estate properties in part based on performance measures such as ffo, diluted ffo per share, noi, and portfolio noi. we believe that these non-gaap measures are helpful to investors because they are widely recognized measures of the performance of reits and provide a relevant basis for comparison among reits. we also use these measures internally to measure the operating performance of our portfolio.
we determine ffo based upon the definition set forth by the national association of real estate investment trusts ("nareit") funds from operations white paper - 2018 restatement. our main business includes acquiring, owning, operating, developing, and redeveloping real estate in conjunction with the rental of real estate. gains and losses of assets incidental to our main business are included in ffo. we determine ffo to be our share of consolidated net income computed in accordance with gaap:
●   excluding gains and losses from extraordinary items,
●   all determined on a consistent basis in accordance with gaap.
you should understand that our computations of these non-gaap measures might not be comparable to similar measures reported by other reits and that these non-gaap measures:
●   should not be considered as an alternative to net income determined in accordance with gaap as a measure of operating performance, and
●   are not an alternative to cash flows as a measure of liquidity.
our share of depreciation and amortization from unconsolidated entities, including klépierre and other corporate investments                                                                                                                                                          536,133                 551,596                 533,595
loss (gain) on sale or disposal of, or recovery on, assets and interests in unconsolidated entities and impairment, net                                                                                                                                                               114,960                (14,883)               (288,827)
unrealized losses (gains) in fair value of equity instruments                                                                                                                                                                                                                          19,632                   8,212                  15,212
ffo allocable to limited partners                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     424,063                 563,342                 568,817
depreciation and amortization from consolidated properties and our share of depreciation and amortization from unconsolidated entities, including klépierre and other corporate investments, net of noncontrolling interests portion of depreciation and amortization                    5.14       5.25                                 5.01
loss (gain) on sale or disposal of, or recovery on, assets and interests in unconsolidated entities and impairment, net                                                                                                                                                                  0.32                  (0.04)                  (0.79)
unrealized losses (gains) in fair value of equity instruments                                                                                                                                                                                                                            0.06                    0.02                    0.04
weighted average limited partnership units outstanding                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 46,544                  46,774                  46,893
basic and diluted weighted average shares and units outstanding                                                                                                                                                                                                                       355,282                 354,724                 356,520
(a)   includes ffo of the operating partnership related to a loss on extinguishment of debt of $116.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. includes diluted ffo per share/unit related to a loss on extinguishment of debt of $0.33 for the year ended december 31, 2019. includes diluted ffo allocable to common stockholders related to a loss on extinguishment of debt of $100.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2019.
reconciliation of noi of consolidated entities:
income and other tax expense (benefit)                                                                                                  (4,637)                    30,054
income from unconsolidated entities                                                                                                   (219,870)                 (444,349)
unrealized losses (gains) in fair value of equity instruments                                                                            19,632                     8,212
loss (gain) on sale or disposal of, or recovery on, assets and interests in unconsolidated entities and impairment, net                 114,960                  (14,883)
operating income before other items                                                                                                   1,971,809                 2,907,831
noi of consolidated entities                                                                                                  $3,484,057                $4,473,303
reconciliation of noi of unconsolidated entities:
gain on sale or disposal of, or recovery on, assets and interests in unconsolidated entities, net                                             -                  (24,609)
operating income before other items                                                                                                   1,070,148                 1,504,885
noi of unconsolidated entities                                                                                                $1,762,572                $2,186,649
(1)   includes income components excluded from portfolio noi (domestic lease termination income, interest income, land sale gains, straight line lease income, above/below market lease adjustments), unrealized and realized gains/losses on non-real estate related equity instruments, northgate, simon management company revenues, and other assets.