item 1a. risk factors in addition to information discussed elsewhere in this report, you should carefully consider the following factors, as well as additional factors not presently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial, which could materially affect our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations in present and/or future periods.
operational risks supply of quality water, agricultural, and other raw materials, certain raw materials and packaging materials purchased under short-term supply contracts, limited group of suppliers of glass bottles the quality and quantity of water available for use is important to the supply of our agricultural raw materials and our ability to operate our business. water is a limited resource in many parts of the world and if climate patterns change and droughts become more severe, there may be a scarcity of water or poor water quality which may affect our production costs or impose capacity constraints. we are dependent on sufficient amounts of quality water for operation of our breweries, wineries, and distilleries, as well as to irrigate our vineyards and conduct our other operations. the suppliers of the agricultural raw materials we purchase are also dependent upon sufficient supplies of quality water for their vineyards and fields. if water available to our operations or the operations of our suppliers becomes scarce or the quality of that water deteriorates, we may incur increased production costs or face manufacturing constraints. in addition, water purification and waste treatment infrastructure limitations could increase costs or constrain operation of our production facilities and vineyards. a substantial reduction in water supplies could result in material losses of grape crops and vines or other crops, such as corn, barley or hops, which could lead to a shortage of our product supply.
we have substantial brewery operations in the country of mexico, brewery operations in the states of texas, virginia, and florida, and we currently have substantial wine operations in the state of california as well. in the past, california had endured an extended period of drought and instituted restrictions on water usage, and a recurrence of such conditions could have an adverse effect upon those operations. our mexico brewery operations currently receive allocations of water sufficient for their operations. the water supply for our nava brewery is sourced from a single water supply. although we anticipate our operations will have adequate sources of water to support their on-going requirements, there is no guarantee that the sources of water, methods of water delivery, or water requirements will not change materially in the future. we may incur additional expenses for improving water delivery and securing additional water sources.
our breweries, the glass plant, our wineries, and our distilleries use a large volume of agricultural and other raw materials to produce their products. these include corn starch and sugars, malt, hops, fruits, yeast, and water for our breweries; soda ash and silica sand for the glass plant; grapes and water for our wineries; and grain and water for our distilleries. our breweries, wineries, and distilleries all use large amounts of various packaging materials, including glass, aluminum, cardboard, and other paper products. our production facilities also use electricity, natural gas, and diesel fuel in their operations. certain raw materials and packaging materials are purchased under contracts of varying maturities. the supply, on-time availability and price of raw materials, packaging materials, and energy can be affected by many factors beyond our control, including market demand, global geopolitical events (especially as to their impact on crude oil prices), droughts, storms, and other weather conditions or natural or man-made events, economic factors affecting growth decisions, inflation, plant diseases, and theft.
our breweries, wineries, and distilleries are also dependent upon an adequate supply of glass bottles. glass bottle costs are one of our largest components of cost of product sold. we currently have a small number of suppliers of glass bottles for our mexican beer brands. in the u.s., glass bottles have only a small number of producers. currently, one producer supplies most of our glass container requirements for our u.s. wine and spirits operations and two producers supply our glass bottles for our craft beer operations.
disruptions in our supply chains could impact our ability to continue production. to the extent any of the foregoing factors increases the costs of our finished products or lead to a shortage of our product supply, we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations.
constellation brands, inc. fy 2021 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 15
part i         item 1a. risk factors         table of contents reliance upon complex information systems and third-party global networks, cyber-attacks, and design and ongoing implementation of our new global erp we depend on information technology to enable us to operate efficiently and interface with customers and suppliers, maintain financial accuracy and efficiency, and effect accurate and timely governmental reporting. if we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper technology infrastructure, we could be subject to transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, loss of customers, business disruptions, loss of or damage to intellectual property through security breach, or penalties associated with the failure to timely file governmental reports. we recognize that many groups on a worldwide basis have experienced increases in security breaches, cyber-attacks, and other hacking activities such as denial of service, malware, and ransomware. as with all large information technology systems, our systems could be penetrated by increasingly sophisticated outside parties' intent on extracting confidential or proprietary information, corrupting our information, disrupting our business processes, or engaging in the unauthorized use of strategic information about us or our employees, customers, or consumers. such unauthorized access could disrupt our operations and could result in the loss of assets or revenues, litigation, remediation costs, damage to our reputation, or the failure by us to retain or attract customers following such an event.
we have outsourced various functions to third-party service providers and may outsource other functions in the future. we rely on those third-party service providers to provide services on a timely and effective basis, but we do not ultimately control their performance. their failure to perform as expected or as required by contract, or a cyber-attack on them that disrupts their systems, could result in significant disruptions and costs to our operations or a penetration of our systems.
we are in the process of implementing a new global erp system. we previously replaced the portion of our erp system servicing our mexican operations and on march 1, 2021, we replaced the portion of our erp system servicing our wine and spirits operations, u.s. beer operations, and our corporate operations. the erp system for the remaining portions of our business is scheduled to be replaced later in fiscal 2022. we are designing the erp system to accurately maintain our financial records, enhance operational functionality, and provide timely information to our management team related to the operation of the business. we expect our ongoing implementation process will continue to require the investment of significant personnel and financial resources. companies which implement new erp systems may experience delays, increased costs, and other difficulties. if our erp system design and implementation plan is not successful or if our erp system does not operate as intended, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting could be adversely affected, our ability to assess those controls adequately could be delayed, or we may not be able to operate our business.
to the extent any of the foregoing factors result in significant disruptions and costs to our operations or reduce the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, we could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations.
economic and political uncertainties associated with our international operations our products are produced and sold in numerous countries, we have employees in various countries, and we have production facilities currently in the u.s., mexico, new zealand, and italy.
the countries in which we operate impose duties, excise taxes, and/or other taxes on beverage alcohol products, and/or on certain raw materials used to produce our beverage alcohol products, in varying amounts. governmental bodies may propose changes to international trade agreements, treaties, tariffs, taxes, and other government rules and regulations including but not limited to environmental treaties and regulations. significant increases in import and excise duties or other taxes on, or that impact, beverage alcohol products could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations. any such tariffs, particularly on imports from mexico and any retaliatory tariffs imposed by the mexican government, may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, including our sales and profitability.
in addition, governmental agencies extensively regulate the beverage alcohol products industry concerning such matters as licensing, warehousing, trade and pricing practices, permitted and required labeling, advertising and relations with wholesalers and retailers. certain regulations also require warning labels and signage. new or revised regulations or increased licensing fees, requirements, or taxes could have a material constellation brands, inc. fy 2021 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 16
part i         item 1a. risk factors         table of contents adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations. additionally, various jurisdictions may seek to adopt significant additional product labeling or warning requirements or limitations on the marketing or sale of our products because of what our products contain or allegations that our products cause adverse health effects. if these types of requirements become applicable to one or more of our major products under current or future environmental or health laws or regulations, they may inhibit sales of such products.
these uncertainties and changes, as well as the decisions, policies, and economic strength of our suppliers and distributors, could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations.
dependence on limited facilities for production of our mexican beer brands, and expansion and construction issues we are dependent on our nava and obregon breweries as our sole sources of supply to fulfill our mexican beer brands product requirements, both now as well as for the near-term.
we are expanding our nava and obregon breweries. in a public consultation process in mexicali, baja california, mexico, voters voiced opposition to the construction of our mexicali brewery, and we have suspended construction of that brewery. we are currently working with local authorities, mexican government officials, and members of the community in mexicali on next steps related to that brewery construction project and options elsewhere in mexico for our long-term production requirements. these are multi-million-dollar activities, with a potential risk of completion delays and cost overruns.
expansion of current production facilities and construction of new production facilities are subject to various regulatory and developmental risks, including but not limited to: (i) our ability to obtain timely certificate authorizations, necessary approvals and permits from regulatory agencies and on terms that are acceptable to us; (ii) potential changes in federal, state, and local statutes and regulations, including environmental requirements, that prevent a project from proceeding or increase the anticipated cost of the project; (iii) inability to acquire rights-of-way or land or water rights on a timely basis on terms that are acceptable to us; (iv) inability to acquire the necessary energy supplies, including electricity, natural gas, and diesel fuel; or (v) a temporary halt in construction activities due to covid-19. any of these events could delay the expansion or construction of our production facilities.
we may not be able to satisfy our product supply requirements for the mexican beer brands in the event of a significant disruption, partial destruction, or total destruction of the nava or obregon breweries or the glass plant, or difficulty shipping raw materials and product into or out of the u.s., or temporary inability to produce our product due to closure or lower production levels of one or more of our mexican breweries as a result of covid-19. also, if the contemplated expansions of the nava and obregon breweries and construction of additional brewery capacity in mexico are abandoned or are not otherwise completed by their targeted completion dates, we may not be able to produce sufficient quantities of our mexican beer to satisfy our needs. under such circumstances, we may be unable to obtain our mexican beer at a reasonable price from another source, if at all. a significant disruption at our nava or obregon breweries, or the glass plant, even on a short-term basis, could impair our ability to produce and ship products to market on a timely basis. alternative facilities with sufficient capacity or capabilities may not readily be available, may cost substantially more or may take a significant time to start production, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our product supply, business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations.
operational disruptions or catastrophic loss to breweries, wineries, other production facilities, or distribution systems all of our mexican beer brands product supply is currently produced at our breweries in nava, coahuila, mexico and obregon, sonora, mexico. many of the workers at these breweries are covered by collective bargaining agreements, and the mexican government is also evaluating labor reform proposals which could increase our costs. the glass plant currently has five operational glass furnaces which supply approximately 55% of the total annual glass bottle supply for our mexican beer brands. several of our vineyards and production and distribution facilities, including certain california wineries, are in areas prone to seismic activity. additionally, we constellation brands, inc. fy 2021 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 17
part i         item 1a. risk factors         table of contents have various vineyards and wineries in the state of california which has recently experienced wildfires and landslides.
if any of these or other of our properties and production facilities were to experience a significant operational disruption or catastrophic loss, it could delay or disrupt production, shipments, and revenue, and result in potentially significant expenses to repair or replace these properties. also, our production facilities are asset intensive. as our operations are concentrated in a limited number of production and distribution facilities, we are more likely to experience a significant operational disruption or catastrophic loss in any one location from acts of war or terrorism, fires, floods, earthquakes, severe winter storms, hurricanes, pandemics, labor strike, or other labor activities, cyber-attacks, and other attempts to penetrate our information technology systems or the information technology used by our employees who work from home during the covid-19 pandemic, unavailability of raw or packaging materials, or other natural or man-made events. if a significant operational disruption or catastrophic loss were to occur, we could breach agreements, our reputation could be harmed, and our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations could be adversely affected due to higher maintenance charges, unexpected capital spending, or product supply constraints.
our insurance policies do not cover certain types of catastrophes and may not cover certain events such as pandemics. economic conditions and uncertainties in global markets may adversely affect the cost and other terms upon which we are able to obtain property damage and business interruption insurance. if our insurance coverage is adversely affected, or to the extent we have elected to self-insure, we may be at greater risk that we may experience an adverse impact to our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations.
pandemics, such as the current global covid-19 virus, outbreaks of communicable infections or diseases, or other public health concerns in the markets in which our consumers or employees live and/or in which we or our distributors, retailers, and suppliers operate disease outbreaks and other public health conditions could result in disruptions and damage to our business caused by potential negative consumer purchasing behavior as well as disruption to our supply chains, production processes, and operations. consumer purchasing behavior may be impacted by reduced consumption by consumers who may not be able to leave home or otherwise shop in a normal manner as a result of quarantines or other cancellations of public events and other opportunities to purchase our products, from bar and restaurant closures, or from a reduction in consumer discretionary income due to reduced or limited work and layoffs. supply disruption may result from restrictions on the ability of employees and others in the supply chain to travel and work, such as caused by quarantine or individual illness, or which may result from border closures imposed by governments to deter the spread of communicable infection or disease, or determinations by us or our suppliers or distributors to temporarily suspend operations in affected areas, or other actions which restrict the ability to distribute our products or which may otherwise negatively impact our ability to produce, bottle and ship our product, for our distributors to distribute our products, or for our suppliers to provide us our raw materials. ports or channels of entry may be closed or operate at only a portion of capacity, or transportation of product within a region or country may be limited, if workers are unable to report to work due to travel restrictions or personal illness. our operations and the operations of our suppliers may become less efficient or otherwise become negatively impacted if our executive leaders or other personnel critical to our operations are unable to work or if a significant percentage of the workforce is unable to work or is required to work from home. our cyber-security could be compromised if persons who are forced to work from home do not maintain adequate information security. a prolonged quarantine or border closure could result in temporary or longer-term disruptions of sales patterns, consumption and trade patterns, supply chains, production processes, and operations. a widespread health crisis, such as the covid-19 pandemic, could negatively affect the economies and financial markets of many countries resulting in a global economic downturn which could negatively impact demand for our products and our ability to borrow money. any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations.
climate change and environmental regulatory compliance our business depends upon agricultural activity and natural resources. there has been much public discussion related to concerns that carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere may have an adverse impact on global temperatures, weather patterns, and the frequency and severity of extreme weather and natural disasters. severe weather events, such as drought or flooding in california or an unexpected severe winter constellation brands, inc. fy 2021 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 18
part i         item 1a. risk factors         table of contents storm in texas or mexico, and climate change may negatively affect agricultural productivity in the regions from which we presently source our various agricultural raw materials or the energy supply powering our production facilities. decreased availability of our raw materials may increase the cost of goods for our products. severe weather events or changes in the frequency or intensity of weather events can also disrupt our supply chain, which may affect production operations, insurance cost and coverage, as well as delivery of our products to wholesalers, retailers, and consumers. natural disasters such as severe storms, floods, and earthquakes may also negatively impact the ability of consumers to purchase our products.
we may experience significant future increases in the costs associated with environmental regulatory compliance, including fees, licenses, and the cost of capital improvements for our operating facilities to meet environmental regulatory requirements. in addition, we may be party to various environmental remediation obligations arising in the normal course of our business or relating to historical activities of businesses we acquire. due to regulatory complexities, uncertainties inherent in litigation, and the risk of unidentified contaminants in our current and former properties, the potential exists for remediation, liability, and indemnification costs to differ materially from the costs that we have estimated. we may incur costs associated with environmental compliance arising from events we cannot control, such as unusually severe floods, hurricanes, earthquakes, or fires. we cannot assure that our costs in relation to these matters will not exceed our projections or otherwise have a material adverse effect upon our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations.
reliance on wholesale distributors, major retailers, and government agencies local market structures and distribution channels vary worldwide. within our primary market in the u.s., we offer a range of beverage alcohol products with generally separate distribution networks utilized for our beer portfolio and our wine and spirits portfolio. in the u.s., we sell our products principally to wholesalers for resale to retail outlets and directly to government agencies. we have an exclusive arrangement with one wholesaler that will generate a large portion of our u.s. wine and spirits net sales. wholesalers and retailers of our products offer products which compete directly with our products for retail shelf space, promotional support and consumer purchases, and wholesalers or retailers may give higher priority to products of our competitors. the replacement or poor performance of our major wholesalers, retailers, or government agencies could result in temporary or longer-term sales disruptions or could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations.
contamination and degradation of product quality from diseases, pests, and the effects of weather and climate conditions contamination, whether arising accidentally or through deliberate third-party action, or other events that harm the integrity or consumer support for our brands, could adversely affect sales. various diseases, pests, fungi, viruses, drought, frosts, and certain other weather conditions or the effects of climate conditions, such as smoke taint from wildfires, could affect the quality and quantity of barley, hops, grapes, and other agricultural raw materials available, decreasing the supply and quality of our products. similarly, power disruptions due to weather conditions could adversely impact our production processes and the quality of our products. we cannot guarantee that we and/or our suppliers of agricultural raw materials will succeed in preventing contamination in existing and/or future vineyards or fields. future government restrictions regarding the use of certain materials used in growing grapes or other agricultural raw materials may increase vineyard costs and/or reduce production of grapes or other crops. it is also possible that a supplier may not provide materials or product components which meet our required standards or may falsify documentation associated with the fulfillment of those requirements.
product contamination or tampering or the failure to maintain our standards for product quality, safety, and integrity, including with respect to raw materials, naturally occurring compounds, packaging materials, or product components obtained from suppliers, may also reduce demand for our products or cause production and delivery disruptions. contaminants or other defects in raw materials, packaging materials, or product components purchased from third parties and used in the production of our beer, wine, or spirits products, or defects in the fermentation or distillation process could lead to low beverage quality as well as illness among, or injury to, consumers of our products and may result in reduced sales of the affected brand or all our brands.
if any of our products become unsafe or unfit for consumption, are misbranded, or cause injury, we may have to engage in a product recall and/or be subject to liability and incur additional costs. a widespread product constellation brands, inc. fy 2021 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 19
part i         item 1a. risk factors         table of contents recall, multiple product recalls, or a significant product liability judgment could cause our products to be unavailable for a period, which could further reduce consumer demand and brand equity.
marijuana is currently illegal under u.s. federal law and in other jurisdictions; we do not control canopy's business or operations the ability of canopy to achieve its business objectives is contingent, in part, upon the legality of the cannabis industry, canopy's compliance with regulatory requirements enacted by various governmental authorities, and canopy obtaining all regulatory approvals, where necessary, for the production and sale of its products. the laws and regulations governing medical and recreational cannabis are still developing, including in ways that we may not foresee. canopy's success will depend on, among other things, the ability of canopy to operate successfully in the cannabis market space and the presence of sufficient retail outlets. there are also concerns about health issues associated with certain types of form factors for cannabis products, such as those used in vaping. these issues may result in a less robust consumer demand for certain form factors. there is no assurance a robust cannabis consumer market will develop consistent with our expectations or that consumers will purchase any canopy products. although the agriculture improvement act of 2018 has taken hemp and hemp derived cannabinoids out of the most restrictive class of controlled substances, marijuana is a schedule-1 controlled substance in the u.s. and is currently illegal under u.s. federal law. even in those u.s. states in which the recreational use of marijuana has been legalized, its use remains a violation of u.s. federal law. since u.s. federal laws criminalizing the use of marijuana preempt state laws that legalize its use, continuation of u.s. federal law in its current state regarding marijuana would likely limit the expansion of canopy's business into the u.s. similar issues of illegality apply in other countries. any amendment to or replacement of existing laws to make them more onerous, or delays in amending or replacing existing laws to liberalize the legal possession and use of cannabis, or delays in obtaining, or the failure to obtain, any necessary regulatory approvals may significantly delay or impact negatively canopy's markets, products, and sales initiatives and could have a material adverse effect on canopy's business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations. were that to occur, we may not be able to recover the value of our investment in canopy.
we have the right to nominate four members of the canopy board of directors. while we do not control canopy's business or operations, we do rely on canopy's internal controls and procedures for operation of that business. nevertheless, our financing arrangements require us to certify, among other things, that to our knowledge (i) canopy is properly licensed and operating in accordance with canadian laws in all material respects; (ii) canopy does not knowingly or intentionally purchase, manufacture, distribute, import, and/or sell marijuana, or any other controlled substance in or from the u.s. or any other jurisdiction, in each case, where such purchase, manufacture, distribution, importation, or sale of marijuana or such other controlled substance is illegal, except in compliance with all applicable federal, state, local, or foreign laws, rules and regulations; and (iii) canopy does not knowingly or intentionally partner with, invest in, or distribute marijuana or any other controlled substance to any third-party that knowingly or intentionally purchases, sells, manufactures, or distributes marijuana or any other controlled substance in the u.s. or any other jurisdiction, in each case, where such purchase, sale, manufacture, or distribution of marijuana or such other controlled substance is illegal, except in compliance with all applicable federal, state, local, or foreign laws, rules and regulations. were we to know that canopy was knowingly or intentionally violating any of these applicable laws, we would be unable to make the required certification under our financing arrangements, which could lead to a default under those financing arrangements.
strategic risks potential decline in the consumption of products we sell; dependence on sales of our mexican beer brands our business depends upon consumers' consumption of our beer, wine, and spirits brands, and sales of our mexican beer brands in the u.s. are a significant portion of our business. accordingly, a decline in the growth rate, amount, or profitability of our sales of the mexican beer brands in the u.s. could adversely affect our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations. further, consumer preferences and tastes may shift due to, among other reasons, changing taste preferences, demographics, or perceived value. consequently, any material shift in consumer preferences and taste in our major markets away from our beer, wine, and spirits brands, and our mexican beer brands in particular, or from the categories in which they compete could have a negative impact on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations. consumer preferences may shift due to a variety of factors, including changes in demographic or social trends, public health policies may be put into effect to deal with the spread of covid-19, and changes in leisure, dining, and beverage consumption constellation brands, inc. fy 2021 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 20
part i         item 1a. risk factors         table of contents patterns. a limited or general decline in consumption in one or more of our product categories could occur in the future due to a variety of factors, including:
•a general decline in economic or geopolitical conditions;
•the increased activity of anti-alcohol groups;
•increased federal, state, provincial, and foreign excise, or other taxes on beverage alcohol products and possible restrictions on beverage alcohol advertising and marketing;
•increased regulation placing restrictions on the purchase or consumption of beverage alcohol products or increasing prices due to the imposition of duties or excise tax or changes to international trade agreements or tariffs;
acquisition, divestiture, investment, and npd strategies from time to time, we acquire businesses, assets, or securities of companies that we believe will provide a strategic fit with our business. we integrate acquired businesses with our existing operations; our overall internal control over financial reporting processes; and our financial, operations, and information systems. if the financial performance of our business, as supplemented by the assets and businesses acquired, does not meet our expectations, it may make it more difficult for us to service our debt obligations and our results of operations may fail to meet market expectations. we may not effectively assimilate the business or product offerings of acquired companies into our business or within the anticipated costs or timeframes, retain key customers and suppliers or key employees of acquired businesses, or successfully implement our business plan for the combined business. in addition, our final determinations and appraisals of the estimated fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in our acquisitions may vary materially from earlier estimates and we may fail to realize fully anticipated cost savings, growth opportunities, or other potential synergies. we cannot assure that the fair value of acquired businesses or investments will remain constant.
we may also divest ourselves of businesses, assets, or securities of companies that we believe no longer provide a strategic fit with our business. we may provide various indemnifications in connection with the divestiture of businesses or assets. divestitures of portions of our business may also result in costs stranded in our remaining business. delays in developing or implementing plans to address such costs could delay or prevent the accomplishment of our financial objectives.
we have also acquired or retained ownership interests in companies which we do not control, such as our joint venture to operate a glass plant adjacent to our nava brewery, our interest in canopy, and investments made through our corporate ventures capital function, and have acquired control of companies which we do not wholly own, such as our 75% interest in nelson's green brier. our joint venture partners or the other parties that hold the remaining ownership interests in companies which we do not control may at any time have economic, business, or legal interests or goals that are inconsistent with our goals or the goals of the joint ventures or those companies. our joint venture arrangements and the arrangements through which we acquired or hold our other equity or membership interests may require us, among other matters, to pay certain costs, to make capital investments, to fulfill alone our joint venture partners' obligations, or to purchase other parties' interests. the entities in which we have an interest may be subject to litigation which may have an adverse impact on their ability to do business or under which they may incur costs and expenses which could have a material adverse impact on their operations or financial condition which, in turn, could negatively impact the value of our investment. the internal control over financial reporting of entities which we consolidate but either do not control or do not wholly own, may not be as robust as our internal controls.
we previously increased our investment in canopy through exercise of our warrants in canopy and we may further increase our investment in the future. while we will not develop, distribute, manufacture, or sell cannabis products in the u.s., or anywhere else in the world, unless legally permissible to do so at all constellation brands, inc. fy 2021 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 21
part i         item 1a. risk factors         table of contents governmental levels in the particular jurisdiction, this investment could affect consumer perception of our existing brands and our reputation with various constituencies.
in addition, our continued success depends, in part, on our ability to develop new products such as our corona hard seltzer. the launch and ongoing success of new products are inherently uncertain, especially with respect to consumer appeal. a new product launch can give rise to a variety of costs. an unsuccessful launch, among other things, can affect consumer perception of existing brands, and our reputation. unsuccessful implementation or short-lived popularity of our product innovations may result in inventory write-offs and other costs.
we cannot assure that we will realize the expected benefits of acquisitions, divestitures, or investments. we also cannot assure that our acquisitions, investments, or joint ventures will be profitable or that forecasts regarding acquisition, divestiture, or investment activities will be accurate or that the internal control over financial reporting of entities which we must consolidate as a result of our investment activities will be as robust as the internal control over financial reporting for our wholly-owned entities. our failure to adequately manage the risks associated with acquisitions or divestitures, or the failure of an entity in which we have an equity or membership interest, could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations.
our canopy investment is dependent upon an emerging market and legal sales of cannabis products the legal cannabis market is an emerging market. the legislative framework pertaining to the canadian cannabis market, as well as cannabis markets in other countries, is uncertain. the success of the canopy transactions will depend on, among other things, the ability of canopy to create a strong platform to operate successfully in the cannabis market space, consumer demand for its products, and the presence of sufficient retail outlets. there are also concerns about health issues associated with certain types of form factors for cannabis products, such as those used in vaping. these issues may result in a less robust consumer demand for certain form factors. there is no assurance a robust cannabis consumer market will develop consistent with our expectations or that consumers will purchase any canopy products.
the changing legal landscape and the lack of consumer market data makes it difficult to predict the pace at which the cannabis market may grow, if at all, and the products that consumers will purchase in the cannabis marketplace.
for example, the canadian cannabis act prohibits testimonials, lifestyle branding and packaging that is appealing to youth. the restrictions on advertising, marketing, and the use of logos and brand names could have a material adverse effect on canopy's business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations, and our investment in canopy.
additionally, canopy must rely on its own market research to forecast sales as detailed forecasts may not be fully available at this early stage in the cannabis industry in canada and globally. market research relating to the adult-use recreational legal cannabis industry is in its early stages and, as such, trends can only be forecasted.
a failure in the demand for canopy's products to materialize as a result of competition, consumer desire, competition from legal and illegal market entrants or other products, or other factors could have a material adverse effect on canopy's business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations. the changing legal landscape and the lack of consumer market data makes it difficult to predict the pace at which the cannabis market may grow, if at all, and the products that consumers will purchase in the cannabis marketplace.
dependence upon trademarks and proprietary rights, failure to protect our intellectual property rights our future success depends significantly on our ability to protect our current and future brands and products and to defend our intellectual property rights. we have been granted numerous trademark registrations covering our brands and products and have filed, and expect to continue to file, trademark applications seeking to protect newly developed brands and products. we cannot be sure that trademark registrations will be issued with respect to any of our trademark applications. we could also, by omission, fail to timely renew or protect a trademark and our competitors could challenge, invalidate, or circumvent any existing or future trademarks issued constellation brands, inc. fy 2021 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 22
part i         item 1a. risk factors         table of contents to, or licensed by, us. on february 15, 2021, cervecería modelo de méxico, s. de r.l. de c.v. filed a lawsuit in the united states district court for the southern district of new york against our subsidiaries cb brand strategies, llc, crown, and compañía cervecera de coahuila, s. de r.l. de c.v., alleging, among other things, that our sublicense of the trademarks for our mexican beer brands should not permit us to use the corona brand name on our corona hard seltzer. while we believe this lawsuit is without merit, if we are not successful, we may not be able to market our hard seltzer product in its current formulation under the corona brand name which may have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition.
financial risks indebtedness we have incurred indebtedness to finance investments and acquisitions, fund beer operations expansion and construction activities, pay cash dividends, and repurchase shares of our common stock. in the future, we may continue to incur additional indebtedness to finance investments and acquisitions, pay cash dividends, repurchase shares of our stock, and fund other general corporate purposes, including beer operations expansion and construction activities. we cannot assure that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations to meet all our debt service requirements; return value to shareholders such as through payment of dividends or repurchase of shares of our common stock; and fund our general corporate and capital requirements.
•our ability to obtain financing for future working capital needs or investments/acquisitions or other purposes may be limited;
•our funds available for operations, expansions and construction, dividends, or other distributions, or stock repurchases may be reduced because we dedicate a significant portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness;
•our ability to conduct our business could be limited by restrictive covenants; and
•our vulnerability to adverse economic conditions may be greater than less leveraged competitors and, thus, our ability to withstand competitive pressures may be limited.
additionally, any failure to meet required payments on our debt, or failure to comply with any covenants in the instruments governing our debt, could result in an event of default under the terms of those instruments and a downgrade to our credit ratings. a downgrade in our credit ratings would increase our borrowing costs and could affect our ability to issue commercial paper. certain of our debt facilities also contain change of control provisions which, if triggered, may result in an acceleration of our obligation to repay the debt. in addition, certain of our current and future debt and derivative financial instruments have, or in the future, could have interest rates that are tied to reference rates, such as libor or sofr. the volatility and availability of such reference rates, including establishment of alternative reference rates, is out of our control. changes to or the unavailability of such rates or the manner for calculation of such reference rates, could result in increases to the cost of our debt.
if we do not comply with the obligations contained in our senior credit facility, our existing or future indentures, or other loan agreements, we could be in default under such debt facilities or agreements. in such an event, the holders of our debt could elect to declare as due and payable all amounts outstanding under those instruments. a default could also require the immediate repayment of outstanding obligations under other debt facilities or agreements that contain cross-acceleration or cross-default provisions. if that occurred, we might not have available funds to satisfy our repayment obligations.
securities measured at fair value the value of the warrants and convertible debt we hold in canopy through our subsidiaries is subject to the volatility of the market price of canopy's common stock. this volatility subjects our financial statements to volatility. the market price of canopy's common stock has experienced significant volatility, and that volatility may continue in the future and may also be subject to wide fluctuations in response to many factors beyond the control of canopy, or of us. these factors include, but are not limited to:
constellation brands, inc. fy 2021 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 23
part i         item 1a. risk factors         table of contents
•recommendations by securities analysts;
•impact of covid-19 on canopy's operations and revenues, on canopy's ability to access financial markets, and on the cannabis industry generally;
•changes in the market valuations of companies in the industry in which canopy operates;
•announcement of developments and material events by canopy or its competitors;
•fluctuations in the costs of vital production materials and services;
•addition or departure of canopy executive officers or other key personnel;
•news reports relating to trends, concerns, technological, or competitive developments, regulatory changes and other related issues in canopy's industry or target markets;
•regulatory changes affecting the cannabis industry generally and canopy's business and operations; and
•administrative obligations associated with health canada requirements and compliance with all associated rules and regulations including, but not limited to, the canadian cannabis act.
our financial statements are subject to the volatility of the market price of canopy's common stock. we currently account for our shares in canopy under the equity method. we recognize our equity in canopy's earnings on a two-month lag primarily because of the availability of canopy's financial results since canopy's fiscal year ends annually march 31 while our fiscal year ends annually on the last day of february.
canopy's corporate governance and valuation canopy's business is subject to evolving corporate governance and public disclosure regulations that may from time to time increase both canopy's compliance costs and the risk of its non-compliance. these include changing rules and regulations promulgated by a number of governmental and self-regulated organizations, including, but not limited to, the canadian securities administrators, the tsx, the international accounting standards board, the sec, nasdaq, and previously the nyse. these rules continue to evolve in scope and complexity creating new requirements for canopy. canopy was previously exempt from certain nyse corporate governance requirements because it was a foreign private issuer. as of september 30, 2019, it no longer met the test to qualify as a foreign private issuer. effective april 1, 2020, canopy was required to comply with all the nyse corporate governance requirements and the requirements of sox that require management of canopy to perform an annual assessment of the effectiveness of canopy's internal control over financial reporting and its registered public accounting firm conduct an independent assessment of the effectiveness of such controls. in november 2020, canopy delisted from the nyse and transferred its listing to nasdaq. canopy is required to comply with applicable nasdaq listing standards. in the future, canopy's internal controls may not be adequate, or canopy may not be able to maintain adequate and effective internal controls over financial reporting as required by sox, or on an ongoing basis if standards are modified, supplemented, or amended from time to time. if not maintained, investors could lose confidence in the reliability of its financial statements, which could harm canopy's business and have a negative impact on the trading price or market value of canopy securities. our investment in canopy could be impaired if the trading price of its equity is below our carrying value of that investment.
in addition, we record as equity in earnings our proportional share of canopy's results. we could have a material weakness in the event the proportional share of canopy's results that we record contains an error as a result of an error in canopy's financial statements that we do not detect.
although we do not control canopy, we do have significant influence over canopy. if we controlled canopy, we would have to consolidate canopy into our financial statements, and if canopy had a material weakness, we would inherit canopy's material weakness through consolidation. in such an event, even if canopy's financial statements were correct, the fact that canopy had a material weakness could result in a material weakness for us.
class action or other litigation relating to abuse of our products, the misuse of our products, product liability, or marketing or sales practices there has been public attention directed at the beverage alcohol industry, which we believe is due to concern over problems related to harmful use of alcohol, including drinking and driving, underage drinking and health consequences from the misuse of alcohol. we could be exposed to lawsuits relating to product liability or marketing or sales practices. adverse developments in lawsuits concerning these types of matters or a significant constellation brands, inc. fy 2021 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 24
part i         item 1a. risk factors         table of contents decline in the social acceptability of beverage alcohol products that may result from lawsuits could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations.
other risks control by the sands family our class b common stock is principally held by members of the sands family, either directly or through entities controlled by members of the sands family. holders of class a common stock are entitled to one vote per share and holders of class b common stock are entitled to 10 votes per share. holders of class 1 common stock generally do not have voting rights. the stock ownership of the sands family and entities controlled by members of the sands family represents a majority of the combined voting power of all classes of our common stock as of april 14, 2021, voting as a single class. consequently, the sands family has the power to elect a majority of our directors and approve actions requiring the approval of the stockholders of the company voting as a single class. in addition, if significant stock indices decide to prohibit the inclusion of companies with dual class structures, the price of our class a common stock could be negatively impacted and could become more volatile.
general risks international operations, worldwide and domestic economic trends and financial market conditions, geopolitical uncertainty, or changes to international trade agreements and tariffs, import and excise duties, other taxes, or other governmental rules and regulations risks associated with international operations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations, include:
•changes in local political, economic, social, and labor conditions;
•restrictions on foreign ownership and investments or on repatriation of cash earned in countries outside the u.s.;
•import and export requirements and border accessibility;
•currency exchange rate fluctuations;
•a less developed and less certain legal and regulatory environment in some countries, which, among other things, can create uncertainty regarding contract enforcement, intellectual property rights, privacy obligations, real property rights, and liability issues; and
•inadequate levels of compliance with applicable anti-bribery laws, including the foreign corrupt practices act.
unfavorable global or regional economic conditions, including economic slowdown and the disruption, volatility, and tightening of credit and capital markets, as well as unemployment, tax increases, governmental spending cuts, or a return of high levels of inflation, could affect consumer spending patterns and purchases of our products. these could also create or exacerbate credit issues, cash flow issues, and other financial hardships for us and our suppliers, distributors, retailers, and consumers. the inability of suppliers, distributors, and retailers to access liquidity could impact our ability to produce and distribute our products.
we are also exposed to risks associated with interest rate fluctuations. we could experience changes in our ability to manage fluctuations in interest rates and, accordingly, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in reducing those risks.
we could also be affected by nationalization of our international operations, unstable governments, unfamiliar or biased legal systems, intergovernmental disputes or animus against the u.s. any determination that our operations or activities did not comply with applicable u.s. or foreign laws or regulations could result in the imposition of fines and penalties, interruptions of business, terminations of necessary licenses and permits, and other legal and equitable sanctions.
damage to our reputation the success of our brands depends upon the positive image that consumers have of those brands and maintaining a good reputation is critical to selling our branded products. our reputation could also be impacted negatively by public perception, adverse publicity (whether or not valid, such as the similarity of the name of constellation brands, inc. fy 2021 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 25
part i         item 1a. risk factors         table of contents certain of our brands or trademarks and a type of virus), negative comments in social media, or our responses relating to:
•a perceived failure to maintain high ethical and esg standards and practices for all our operations and activities;
•a perceived failure to address concerns relating to the quality, safety, or integrity of our products, including from contamination, whether arising accidentally or through deliberate third-party action;
•allegations that we, or persons associated with us or formerly associated with us, have violated applicable laws or regulations, including but not limited to those related to safety, employment, discrimination, harassment, whistle-blowing, privacy, corporate citizenship, improper business practices, or cyber-security;
•our environmental impact, including use of agricultural materials, packaging, water and energy use, and waste management; or
•efforts that are perceived as insufficient to promote the responsible use of alcohol or cannabis.
failure to comply with federal, state, or local laws and regulations, maintain an effective system of internal controls, provide accurate and timely financial statement information, or protect our information systems against service interruptions, misappropriation of data, or breaches of security, could also hurt our reputation. damage to our reputation or loss of consumer confidence in our products for any of these or other reasons could result in decreased demand for our products and could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation, competitive position and brand equity and renew investor confidence.
competition we are in a highly competitive industry and our sales could be negatively affected by numerous factors including:
•our inability to maintain or increase prices;
•new entrants in our market or categories;
•the decision of wholesalers, retailers, or consumers to purchase competitors' products instead of ours; or
•a general decline in beverage alcohol consumption due to consumer dietary preference changes or consumers substituting legalized marijuana or other similar products in lieu of beverage alcohol.
sales could also be affected by pricing, purchasing, financing, operational, advertising, or promotional decisions made by wholesalers, state and other local agencies, and retailers which could affect their supply of, or consumer demand for, our products. we could also experience higher than expected selling, general, and administrative expenses if we find it necessary to increase the number of our personnel or our advertising or marketing expenditures to maintain our competitive position or for other reasons. we cannot guarantee that we will be able to increase our prices to pass along to our customers any increased costs we incur.
intangible assets, such as goodwill and trademarks we have a significant amount of intangible assets such as goodwill and trademarks and may acquire more intangible assets in the future. intangible assets are subject to a periodic impairment evaluation under applicable accounting standards. the write-down of any of these intangible assets could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations.
changes to tax laws, fluctuations in our effective tax rate, accounting for tax positions, and the resolution of tax disputes, and changes to accounting standards, elections, or assertions the u.s. federal budget and individual state, provincial, local municipal budget deficits, or deficits in other governmental entities, could result in increased taxes on our products, business, customers, or consumers. various proposals to increase taxes on beverage alcohol products have been made at the federal and state levels or at other governmental bodies in recent years. federal, state, provincial, local, or foreign governmental entities may consider increasing taxes upon beverage alcohol products as they explore available alternatives for raising funds.
constellation brands, inc. fy 2021 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 26
part i         item 1a. risk factors         table of contents in addition, significant judgment is required to determine our effective tax rate and evaluate our tax positions. our provision for income taxes includes a provision for uncertain tax positions. fluctuations in federal, state, local, and foreign taxes, or a change to uncertain tax positions, including related interest and penalties, may impact our effective tax rate and our financial results. when tax matters arise, several years may elapse before such matters are audited and finally resolved. unfavorable resolution of any tax matter could increase our effective tax rate and resolution of a tax issue may require the use of cash in the year of resolution.
u.s. tax changes or changes in how international corporations are taxed, including changes in how existing tax laws are interpreted or enforced, or changes to accounting standards, elections or assertions could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations.
quarterly cash dividends and share repurchases are subject to a number of uncertainties, and may affect the price of our common stock our capital allocation strategy contemplates cash dividends and share repurchases under our share repurchase program. we fund our cash dividends and share repurchases through a combination of operating free cash flow, borrowings, and divestiture proceeds. however, we are not required to declare dividends or to make any share repurchases under our share repurchase program. we may discontinue, accelerate, suspend, or delay our dividends and share repurchases at any time without prior notice. even if not discontinued, the amount of such dividends and repurchases may be changed, and the amount, timing, and frequency of such dividends and share repurchases may vary from historical practice or from our stated expectations. decisions with respect to dividends and share repurchases are subject to the discretion of our board of directors and will be based on a variety of factors. important factors that could cause us to discontinue, limit, suspend, increase, or delay our cash dividends or share repurchases include market conditions, the price of our common stock, the natures and timing of other investment opportunities, changes in our business strategy, the terms of our financing arrangements, our outlook as to our ability to obtain financing at attractive rates, the impact on our credit ratings, and the availability of cash. the reduction or elimination of our cash dividend, or longer suspension or elimination of our share repurchase program could adversely affect the market prices of our common stock. additionally, there can be no assurance that any share repurchases will enhance shareholder value because the market price of our common stock may decline below the levels at which we repurchased shares of common stock, and short-term stock price fluctuations could reduce the program's effectiveness.
constellation brands, inc. fy 2021 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 27
part i         other key information         table of contents
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations introduction we have elected to omit discussion on the earliest of the three years covered by the consolidated financial statements presented. refer to item 7. "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" and "liquidity and capital resources" located in our form 10-k for the fiscal year ended february 29, 2020, filed on april 21, 2020, for reference to discussion of the fiscal year ended february 28, 2019, the earliest of the three fiscal years presented. this md&a, which should be read in conjunction with our financial statements, is organized as follows:
overview.    this section provides a general description of our business, which we believe is important in understanding the results of our operations, financial condition, and potential future trends.
strategy.    this section provides a description of our strategy and a discussion of recent developments, significant investments, acquisitions, and divestitures.
results of operations.    this section provides an analysis of our results of operations presented on a business segment basis. in addition, a brief description of significant transactions and other items that affect the comparability of the results is provided.
liquidity and capital resources.    this section provides an analysis of our cash flows, outstanding debt, liquidity position, and commitments. included in the analysis of outstanding debt is a discussion of the capacity available to fund our ongoing operations and future commitments, as well as a discussion of other financing arrangements.
critical accounting policies and estimates.    this section identifies accounting policies that are considered important to our results of operations and financial condition, require significant judgment and involve significant management estimates. our significant accounting policies, including those considered to be critical accounting policies, are summarized in note 1.
overview our internal management financial reporting consists of three business divisions: (i) beer, (ii) wine and spirits, and (iii) canopy and we report our operating results in four segments: (i) beer, (ii) wine and spirits, (iii) corporate operations and other, and (iv) canopy. our canopy equity method investment makes up the canopy segment.
in the beer segment, our portfolio consists of high-end imported beer, craft beer, and aba brands. we have an exclusive perpetual brand license to import, market, and sell our mexican beer portfolio in the u.s. in the wine and spirits segment, our portfolio includes higher-margin, higher-growth wine brands complemented by certain higher-end spirits brands. amounts included in the corporate operations and other segment consist of costs of executive management, corporate development, corporate finance, corporate growth and strategy, human resources, internal audit, investor relations, legal, public relations, and information technology, as well as our investments made through our corporate venture capital function. all costs included in the corporate operations and other segment are general costs that are applicable to the consolidated group and are, therefore, not allocated to the other reportable segments. all costs reported within the corporate operations and other segment are not included in our codm's evaluation of the operating income (loss) performance of the other reportable segments. the business segments reflect how our operations are managed, how resources are allocated, how operating performance is evaluated by senior management, and the structure of our internal financial reporting.
constellation brands, inc. fy 2021 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 30
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents strategy our business strategy for the beer segment focuses on leading the high-end segment of the u.s. beer market. this includes continued focus on growing our beer portfolio in the u.s. through expanding distribution for key brands, as well as npd and innovation within the existing portfolio of brands, and continued expansion and construction activities for our mexico beer operations. additionally, in an effort to more fully compete in growing sectors of the high-end segment of the u.s. beer market, we have leveraged our innovation capabilities to introduce new brands that align with consumer trends.
we have more than tripled the production capacity of the nava brewery since its 2013 acquisition. in early fiscal 2022, we completed part of a planned expansion of our obregon brewery. expansion efforts continue under our mexico beer projects to align with our anticipated future growth expectations. however, at this time, we have suspended all mexicali brewery construction activities, following a negative result from a public consultation held in mexico. see "capital expenditures" below.
our strategy for the wine and spirits segment is to build an industry-leading portfolio of higher-end wine and spirits brands. we are investing to meet the evolving needs of consumers, including launching direct-to-consumer and ecommerce platforms; building brands through consumer insights, sensory expertise, and innovation; and refreshing existing brands, as we continue to focus on moving our branded wine and spirits portfolio towards a higher-margin, higher-growth portfolio of brands. we focus our innovation and investment dollars on brands within our portfolio which position us to benefit from the consumer-led trend towards premiumization. additionally, in connection with the recent divestitures, we expect to optimize the value of our wine and spirits portfolio by driving increased focus on our higher-end brands to accelerate growth and improve overall operating margins. in markets where it is feasible, we entered into contractual arrangements to consolidate our u.s. distribution network in order to obtain dedicated distributor selling resources which focus on our u.s. wine and spirits portfolio to drive organic growth. this consolidated u.s. distribution network currently represents about 70% of our branded wine and spirits volume in the u.s. effective april 1, 2021, we have modified our u.s. wine and spirits distribution network to a single distributor which we expect to continue to represent approximately 70% of that volume. throughout the terms of these contracts, we generally expect shipments on an annual basis to these distributors to essentially equal the distributors' shipments to retailers.
marketing, sales, and distribution of our products are managed on a geographic basis allowing us to leverage leading market positions. in addition, market dynamics and consumer trends vary across each of our markets. within our primary market in the u.s., we offer a range of beverage alcohol products across the imported beer, craft beer, aba, branded wine, and spirits categories, with generally separate distribution networks utilized for (i) our beer portfolio and (ii) our wine and spirits portfolio. the environment for our products is competitive in each of our markets.
we complement our strategy with our investment in canopy, by expanding our portfolio into adjacent categories. canopy is a leading cannabis company with operations in countries across the world. this investment is consistent with our long-term strategy to identify, address, and stay ahead of evolving consumer trends and market dynamics. we expanded our strategic relationship with canopy to help position it as a global leader in cannabis production, branding, intellectual property, and retailing.
we remain committed to our long-term financial model of: growing sales, expanding margins, and increasing cash flow in order to achieve earnings per share growth, maintain our targeted leverage ratio, and deliver returns to shareholders through the payment of dividends and periodic share repurchases. our results of operations and financial condition have not been significantly affected by inflation and changing prices. in the event of future rising costs, we intend to pass along such rising costs through increased selling prices, subject to normal competitive conditions. there can be no assurances, however, that we will be able to pass along rising costs through increased selling prices. in addition, we continue to identify on-going cost savings initiatives.
constellation brands, inc. fy 2021 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 31
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents recent development mexicali brewery in april 2021, our board of directors authorized management to sell or abandon the mexicali brewery. subsequently, management determined that we will be unable to use or repurpose certain assets at the mexicali brewery. accordingly, in the first quarter of fiscal 2022, we expect to recognize a long-lived asset impairment of approximately $650 million to $680 million which will be included within our consolidated results of operations. the fair value will be determined based on the expected salvage value of the abandoned assets as of april 2021. we are continuing to work with government officials in mexico to (i) determine next steps for our suspended mexicali brewery construction project and (ii) pursue various forms of recovery for capitalized costs and additional expenses incurred in establishing the brewery, however, there can be no assurance of any recoveries. in the medium-term, under normal operating conditions, we have ample capacity at the nava and obregon breweries to meet consumer needs based on current growth forecasts and current and planned production capabilities. to align with our anticipated future growth expectations we are also working with the mexican government to explore options to add further capacity at another location in southeastern mexico where there is ample water and a skilled workforce to meet our long-term needs.
in the key markets where we sell our products, the beverage alcohol industry has been classified as an essential business. covid-19 containment measures affected us earlier in the fiscal year primarily in the reduction of (i) depletion volume on our products in the on-premise business due to bar and restaurant closures and (ii) shipment volume related to the reduced production activity at our major breweries in mexico. the on-premise business has historically been about 10% to 15% of our depletion volume for beer, wine, and spirits. the fiscal 2021 decrease in the on-premise business has been more than offset by an increase in off-premise. we expect our on-premise depletion volumes to return to more normal levels as federal drug administration approved covid-19 vaccines are administered across the u.s. and states begin the process of fully reopening their economies, including bars and restaurants.
currently, our breweries, wineries, and bottling facilities are open and operational. however, certain facilities may experience occasional temporary closures due to applicable local conditions. in june 2020, beer production at our major breweries in mexico returned to normal levels following a slow down earlier in the fiscal year. our supply chains and distribution channels were not materially impacted and we worked throughout the fiscal year to rebuild our supply of products to meet forecasted demand. distributor product inventories returned to normal levels at the end of fiscal 2021.
in response to covid-19, we have ensured our ongoing liquidity and financial flexibility through cash preservation initiatives, capital expense reductions, and cost control measures. we are not able to estimate the long-term impact of covid-19 on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and/or cash flow. we believe we have sufficient liquidity available from operating cash flow, cash on hand, and availability under our $2.0 billion revolving credit facility. we expect to have continued access to capital markets and to be able to continue to return value to shareholders through dividends and periodic share repurchases.
investments, acquisitions, and divestitures beer segment ballast point divestiture in march 2020, we sold the ballast point craft beer business, including a number of its associated production facilities and brewpubs. accordingly, our consolidated results of operations include the results of operations of our ballast point craft beer business through the date of divestiture.
wine and spirits segment paul masson divestiture in january 2021, we sold the paul masson grande amber brandy brand, related inventory, and interests in certain contracts. we received cash proceeds of $267.4 million, subject to certain post-closing adjustments. the constellation brands, inc. fy 2021 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 32
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents net cash proceeds were used for general corporate purposes. for the year ended february 28, 2021, we recognized a net gain of $58.9 million on the sale of the business.
wine and spirits divestitures in january 2021, we sold a portion of our wine and spirits business, including lower-margin, lower-growth wine and spirits brands, related inventory, interests in certain contracts, wineries, vineyards, offices, and facilities. we received net cash proceeds of $538.4 million, subject to certain post-closing adjustments. in addition, we have the potential to earn an incremental $250 million of contingent consideration if certain brand performance targets are met over a two-year period after closing.
in january 2021, we also sold the new zealand-based nobilo wine brand and certain related assets. we received cash proceeds of $129.0 million, subject to certain post-closing adjustments.
the cash proceeds from the wine and spirits divestitures were utilized to repay the 3.75% may 2013 senior notes and for other general corporate purposes. for the year ended february 28, 2021, we recognized a net loss of $35.7 million on the wine and spirits divestitures.
concentrate business divestiture in december 2020, we sold certain brands used in our concentrates and high-color concentrate business, and certain intellectual property, inventory, goodwill, interests in certain contracts, and assets of our concentrates and high-color concentrate business.
the following presents selected financial information included in our historical consolidated financial statements that are no longer part of our consolidated results of operations following the paul masson divestiture, wine and spirits divestitures, and concentrate business divestiture:
gross profit            $252.9            $330.5
marketing (1)            $14.5             $17.8
(1)included in selling, general, and administrative expenses within our consolidated results of operations.
copper & kings acquisition in september 2020, we acquired the remaining ownership interest in copper & kings which primarily included the acquisition of inventories, and property, plant, and equipment. this acquisition included a collection of traditional and craft batch-distilled american brandies and other select spirits. the results of operations of copper & kings are reported in the wine and spirits segment and have been included in our consolidated results of operations from the date of acquisition.
empathy wines acquisition in june 2020, we acquired empathy wines, which primarily included the acquisition of goodwill, trademarks, and inventory. this acquisition, which included a digitally-native wine brand, strengthened our position in the direct-to-consumer and ecommerce markets. the results of operations of empathy wines are reported in the wine and spirits segment and have been included in our consolidated results of operations from the date of acquisition.
booker vineyard investment in april 2020, we invested in booker vineyard, a super-luxury, direct-to-consumer focused wine business that is accounted for under the equity method. we recognize our share of their equity in earnings (losses) in our consolidated financial statements in the wine and spirits segment.
constellation brands, inc. fy 2021 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 33
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents black velvet divestiture in november 2019, we sold the black velvet canadian whisky business and the brand's associated production facility, along with a subset of canadian whisky brands produced at that facility, and related inventory. accordingly, our consolidated results of operations include the results of operations of our canadian whisky business through the date of divestiture. we received cash proceeds of $266.7 million, net of post-closing adjustments. we recognized a net gain of $70.5 million on the sale of the business, primarily for the year ended february 29, 2020.
nelson's green brier acquisition in may 2019, we increased our ownership interest in tennessee-based nelson's green brier to 75%, resulting in consolidation of the business and recognition of a 25% noncontrolling interest. this acquisition included a portfolio of craft bourbon and whiskey products. the fair value of the business combination was allocated primarily to goodwill, trademarks, inventory, and property, plant, and equipment. the results of operations of nelson's green brier are reported in the wine and spirits segment and have been included in our consolidated results of operations from the date of acquisition.
canopy segment canopy investment in may 2020, we exercised the november 2017 canopy warrants at an exercise price of c$12.98 per warrant share for c$245.0 million, or $173.9 million.
for additional information on the recent development, and these investments, acquisitions, and divestitures, refer to notes 2, 7, 10, and 23.
results of operations financial highlights references to organic throughout the following discussion exclude the impact of recent divestitures, as appropriate.
for fiscal 2021 compared with fiscal 2020:
•our results of operations benefited from the unrealized net gain of $802.0 million from the changes in fair value of our investment in canopy in fiscal 2021 and improvements within the beer segment.
•net sales increased 3% due to (i) an increase in beer net sales driven predominantly by volume growth, (ii) favorable impacts from pricing and product mix shift within both the beer and the wine and spirits segments, partially offset by (i) recent divestitures within both the beer and the wine and spirits segments and (ii) wine and spirits net sales led by branded volume decline largely from brands divested in january 2021.
•operating income increased 30% largely due to charges recognized for fiscal 2020 in connection with our business transformation strategy within the wine and spirits segment, including an impairment of long-lived assets held for sale primarily in connection with the wine and spirits divestitures and an increase in beer net sales in fiscal 2021 driven by volume growth, partially offset by recent divestitures.
•net income attributable to cbi and diluted net income per common share attributable to cbi increased largely due to (i) the increase in unrealized net gain from the changes in fair value of our investment in canopy in fiscal 2021 as compared with the unrealized net loss in fiscal 2020, (ii) an impairment of long-lived assets held for sale in fiscal 2020, and (iii) volume growth within the beer segment, partially offset by fiscal 2021 provision for income taxes as compared with the benefit from income taxes for fiscal 2020.
constellation brands, inc. fy 2021 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 34
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents comparable adjustments management excludes items that affect comparability from its evaluation of the results of each operating segment as these comparable adjustments are not reflective of core operations of the segments. segment operating performance and the incentive compensation of segment management are evaluated based on core segment operating income (loss) which do not include the impact of these comparable adjustments.
as more fully described herein and in the notes, the comparable adjustments that impacted comparability in our segment results for each period are as follows:
cost of product sold recovery of (loss on) inventory write-down                             $(70.4)                           $8.6
strategic business development costs                                    (29.8)                        (124.5)
covid-19 incremental costs                                               (7.6)                              -
settlements of undesignated commodity derivative contracts                31.6                           11.7
net gain (loss) on undesignated commodity derivative contracts            25.1                         (49.0)
selling, general, and administrative expenses restructuring and other strategic business development costs            (23.9)                         (25.3)
net gain (loss) on foreign currency derivative contracts                 (8.0)                          (1.8)
transaction, integration, and other acquisition-related costs            (7.6)                          (9.2)
impairment of intangible assets                                          (6.0)                         (11.0)
covid-19 incremental costs                                               (4.8)                              -
other gains (losses)                                                      14.7                            7.3
impairment of assets held for sale                                      (24.0)                        (449.7)
gain (loss) on sale of business                                           14.2                           74.1
income (loss) from unconsolidated investments                           $265.2                     $(2,480.1)
cost of product sold recovery of (loss on) inventory write-down we recognized a loss on the write-down of bulk wine inventory and certain grapes as a result of smoke damage sustained during the 2020 u.s. wildfires, partially offset by a related probable recovery from our insurance carriers (fiscal 2021), and a reimbursement from our insurance carriers for losses recognized on the write-down of certain bulk wine inventory as a result of smoke damage sustained during the fall 2017 california wildfires (fiscal 2020). for additional information on the 2020 u.s. wildfires, refer to note 16.
strategic business development costs we recognized costs primarily in connection with losses on write-downs of excess inventory and contract terminations resulting from our ongoing efforts to optimize our portfolio, gain efficiencies, and reduce our cost structure within the wine and spirits segment.
covid-19 incremental costs we recognized costs for incremental wages and hazard payments to employees, purchases of personal protective equipment, more frequent and thorough cleaning and sanitization of our facilities, and costs associated with the unused beer keg reimbursement program with distributors.
constellation brands, inc. fy 2021 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 35
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents inventory step-up in connection with acquisitions, the allocation of purchase price in excess of book value for certain inventories on hand at the date of acquisition is referred to as inventory step-up. inventory step-up represents an assumed manufacturing profit attributable to the acquired business prior to acquisition.
accelerated depreciation we recognized accelerated depreciation for certain assets primarily in connection with the multi-year implementation of a new global erp system which is intended to replace our then-existing operating and financial systems.
undesignated commodity derivative contracts net gain (loss) on undesignated commodity derivative contracts represents a net gain (loss) from the changes in fair value of undesignated commodity derivative contracts. the net gain (loss) is reported outside of segment operating results until such time that the underlying exposure is recognized in the segment operating results. at settlement, the net gain (loss) from the changes in fair value of the undesignated commodity derivative contracts is reported in the appropriate operating segment, allowing the results of our operating segments to reflect the economic effects of the commodity derivative contracts without the resulting unrealized mark to fair value volatility.
selling, general, and administrative expenses restructuring and other strategic business development costs we recognized costs primarily in connection with costs to optimize our portfolio, gain efficiencies, and reduce our cost structure within the wine and spirits segment.
net gain (loss) on foreign currency derivative contracts we recognized a net loss primarily in connection with the settlement of foreign currency forward contracts entered into to fix the u.s. dollar cost of the may 2020 canopy investment.
transaction, integration, and other acquisition-related costs we recognized transaction, integration, and other acquisition-related costs in connection with our investments, acquisitions, and divestitures.
impairment of intangible assets we recognized trademark impairment losses related to our beer segment's four corners craft beer trademark asset (fiscal 2021) and ballast point craft beer trademark asset (fiscal 2020). for additional information, refer to note 7.
covid-19 incremental costs we recognized costs for payments to third-party general contractors to maintain their workforce for expansion activities at the obregon brewery and recognized costs for incremental wages and hazard payments to employees.
other gains (losses)
we recognized other gains (losses) primarily in connection with (i) a gain recognized on the sale of a vineyard (fiscal 2021), (ii) a gain on the remeasurement of our previously held equity interest in nelson's green brier to the acquisition-date fair value (fiscal 2020), (iii) an increase in estimated fair value of a contingent liability associated with a prior period acquisition (fiscal 2020), and (iv) recognition of previously deferred gain upon release of a related guarantee (fiscal 2020).
impairment of assets held for sale we recognized impairments of long-lived assets held for sale in connection with the (i) wine and spirits divestitures (fiscal 2021, fiscal 2020), (ii) the concentrate business divestiture (fiscal 2021, fiscal 2020), and (iii) the ballast point divestiture (fiscal 2020). for additional information, refer to note 7.
constellation brands, inc. fy 2021 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 36
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents gain (loss) on sale of business we recognized a net gain (loss) primarily on the completion of the paul masson divestiture, the wine and spirits divestitures (fiscal 2021), and the black velvet divestiture (fiscal 2020).
income (loss) from unconsolidated investments we recognized an unrealized gain (loss) primarily from (i) the changes in fair value of our securities measured at fair value, (ii) equity in earnings (losses) from canopy's results of operations, (iii) equity losses from canopy related to costs designed to improve their organizational focus, streamline operations, and align production capability with projected demand (fiscal 2021), and (iv) the increase in fair value resulting from the june 2019 modification of the terms of the november 2018 canopy warrants (fiscal 2020). for additional information, refer to notes 7 and 10.
business segments net sales fiscal 2021                     fiscal 2020                    dollar                 percent change                  change
wine and spirits:
spirits                                      331.9                           360.1                     (28.2)                      (8   %)
total wine and spirits                     2,540.3                         2,727.6                    (187.3)                      (7   %)
beer segment fiscal 2021                                                     fiscal 2020                      dollar                           percent change                            change
(1)includes an adjustment to remove volume associated with the ballast point divestiture for the period march 2, 2019, through february 29, 2020.
(2)depletions represent distributor shipments of our respective branded products to retail customers, based on third-party data.
the increase in beer net sales is largely due to $451.6 million of volume growth within our mexican beer portfolio, which benefited from continued consumer demand, new product introductions, and line extensions, $69.7 million favorable impact from pricing in select markets within our mexican beer portfolio, and $35.0 million increase from favorable product mix shift, partially offset by $92.0 million from the ballast point divestiture. favorable product mix shift primarily resulted from increased sales of corona hard seltzer and a reduction in on-premise keg sales. inventory in our distribution channels returned to normal levels by the end of fiscal 2021 following reduced production levels at our major breweries in mexico earlier in the year.
constellation brands, inc. fy 2021 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 37
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents wine and spirits segment fiscal 2021                                                     fiscal 2020                      dollar                            percent change                            change
(in millions, branded product, 9-liter case equivalents)
(3)includes an adjustment to remove volume associated with the black velvet divestiture for the period march 1, 2019, through october 31, 2019.
(4)includes an adjustment to remove volume associated with the wine and spirits divestitures for the period january 5, 2020, through february 29, 2020.
(5)includes an adjustment to remove volume associated with the paul masson divestiture for the period january 12, 2020, through february 29, 2020.
the decrease in wine and spirits net sales is primarily due to $230.9 million from recent divestitures and $96.4 million decline in branded wine and spirits volume, driven by the brands divested in january 2021, partially offset by $102.5 million of favorable product mix shift and $51.1 million from favorable pricing. the wine and spirits fiscal 2021 results have been negatively impacted by (i) recent divestitures, (ii) on-premise and retail tasting room closures as a result of covid-19 containment measures, and (iii) transition activities with distributors repositioning for ownership of brands, partially offset by an increase in off-premise and a continued focus on npd and growing our brands.
canopy segmentour ownership interest in canopy allows us to exercise significant influence, but not control, and, therefore, we account for our investment in canopy under the equity method. amounts included for the canopy segment represent 100% of canopy's reported results on a two-month lag. accordingly, we recognized our share of canopy's earnings (losses) from january through december 2020, in our fiscal 2021 results and january through december 2019, in our fiscal 2020 results. although we own less than 100% of the outstanding shares of canopy, 100% of the canopy results are included and subsequently eliminated to reconcile to our consolidated financial statements. see "income (loss) from unconsolidated investments" below for a discussion of canopy's net sales, gross profit (loss), selling, general, and administrative expenses, and operating income (loss).
gross profit fiscal 2021                  fiscal 2020                       dollar                 percent change                  change
wine and spirits                           1,115.2                      1,189.0                        (73.8)                      (6   %)
consolidated gross profit                 $4,466.0                     $4,151.9                        $314.1                       8    %
constellation brands, inc. fy 2021 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 38
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents the increase in beer is primarily due to $259.3 million of volume growth and the $69.7 million favorable impact from pricing, partially offset by $19.9 million of higher cost of product sold, $18.5 million decrease in gross profit due to the ballast point divestiture, and $9.4 million of unfavorable product mix shift. the higher cost of product sold is largely due to $39.6 million increased operational costs and $3.8 million increased logistics costs, partially offset by $23.5 million of foreign currency transactional benefits. the increase in operational costs primarily consisted of (i) $32.3 million of higher material costs, largely attributable to glass, and (ii) $15.7 million of inflation and increased brewery compensation and benefits, partially offset by $20.4 million of favorable fixed cost absorption related to increased production in fiscal 2021. the increase in logistics costs primarily consisted of $14.5 million increased transportation costs, partially offset by $11.8 million of decreased obsolescence driven by lower inventory levels as we replenished our distribution channels. unfavorable product mix shift primarily resulted from increased sales of corona hard seltzer, partially offset by a reduction in on-premise keg sales.
the decrease in wine and spirits is largely due to a decrease of $90.0 million in gross profit due to the recent divestitures, $66.5 million higher cost of product sold, and $33.1 million of decline in branded wine and spirits volume, driven by the brands divested in january 2021, partially offset by $71.5 million of favorable product mix shift and the $51.1 million from favorable pricing. higher cost of product sold was largely attributable to unfavorable fixed cost absorption including $28.6 million from decreased production levels at certain facilities in the second half of fiscal 2021 as a result of the 2020 u.s. wildfires, certain spirits packaging size obsolescence, increased winery compensation and benefits, as well as increased packaging costs, including glass and labels, partially offset by lower grape raw material costs.
gross profit as a percent of net sales increased to 51.8% for fiscal 2021 compared with 49.8% for fiscal 2020. this was largely due to (i) a favorable change of approximately 130 basis points in comparable adjustments, (ii) favorable impacts from both beer and wine and spirits pricing in select markets, which contributed approximately 40 basis points and 30 basis points of rate growth, respectively, and (iii) 30 basis points of favorable impact from the recent divestitures, partially offset by approximately 80 basis points of rate decline from higher cost of product sold within the wine and spirits segment and an unfavorable product mix shift for the beer segment contributing approximately 30 basis points of rate decline.
selling, general, and administrative expenses fiscal 2021                     fiscal 2020                       dollar                 percent change                  change
wine and spirits                                                        492.8                           480.6                          12.2                       3    %
the increase in beer is primarily due to an increase of $26.9 million in marketing spend that was largely driven by increased advertising resulting from planned investments to support the growth of our mexican beer portfolio predominantly in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021.
the increase in wine and spirits is primarily due to an increase of $8.6 million in marketing spend that was largely driven by an increased focus on ecommerce and digital marketing placement for our higher-end, higher-margin brands and a $5.9 million increase in general and administrative expenses. the increase in general and administrative expenses is driven by increased compensation and benefits, partially offset by a favorable impact from reduced travel driven by covid-19 containment measures and certain cost saving initiatives.
constellation brands, inc. fy 2021 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 39
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents the increase in corporate operations and other is largely due to approximately a $15 million increase in compensation and benefits, $6 million of unfavorable foreign currency losses, and an increase of $2 million in charitable contributions, primarily driven by covid-19 support efforts, partially offset by decreased insurance related costs of $17 million and $6 million of favorable impact from reduced travel driven by covid-19 containment measures.
selling, general, and administrative expenses as a percent of net sales decreased to 19.3% for fiscal 2021 as compared with 19.4% for fiscal 2020. the decrease is driven largely by approximately 490 basis points of rate decline as the increase in beer net sales exceeded the increase in selling, general, and administrative expenses, and approximately 40 basis points in comparable adjustments rate decline, largely offset by approximately 470 basis points of rate growth from the recent wine and spirits divestitures and an increase in corporate operations and other general and administrative expenses, which resulted in 45 basis points of rate growth.
fiscal 2021                     fiscal 2020                       dollar                 percent change                  change
wine and spirits                                   622.4                           708.4                        (86.0)                     (12   %)
the increase in beer is primarily attributable to the strong volume growth within our mexican beer portfolio and favorable pricing impact, partially offset by the increased marketing spend and higher cost of product sold.
the decrease in wine and spirits was driven largely by the recent divestitures, the higher cost of product sold, and the decline in branded wine and spirits volume, partially offset by favorable impacts from product mix shift and pricing.
as previously discussed, the corporate operations and other increase in operating loss is due largely to the increase in compensation and benefits, unfavorable foreign currency losses, and increased charitable contributions, partially offset by decreased insurance related costs and the favorable impact from reduced travel.
income (loss) from unconsolidated investments general fiscal 2021                    fiscal 2020             dollar                 percent change                  change
unrealized net gain (loss) on securities measured at fair value (1)           $802.0                     $(2,126.4)            $2,928.4                     138    %
equity in earnings (losses) from canopy and related activities (2)           (679.0)                        (575.9)             (103.1)                    (18)    %
equity in earnings (losses) from other equity method investees                  27.3                           33.3               (6.0)                     (18   %)
net gain (loss) on sale of unconsolidated investment                               -                            0.4               (0.4)                           nm
constellation brands, inc. fy 2021 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 40
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents
(1) fiscal 2020 includes an unrealized net loss from the changes in fair value of our securities measured at fair value of $3,302.4 million, partially offset by an $1,176.0 million unrealized gain resulting from the june 2019 warrant modification.
(2) fiscal 2021 includes $359.6 million of costs designed to improve their organizational focus, streamline operations, and align production capability with projected demand and fiscal 2020 includes our share of canopy's additional loss resulting from the june 2019 warrant modification of $409.0 million.
canopy segmentcanopy net sales increased to $378.6 million for fiscal 2021 from $290.2 million for fiscal 2020. this increase of $88.4 million, or 30% is primarily attributable to an increase in other product offering sales and international medical sales, as well as additional canadian recreational sales. the increase in other sales resulted from (i) the expansion of their u.s. distribution network for vaporizers sold by storz &amp; bickel gmbh &amp; co. kg, (ii) beauty, skincare, wellness, and sleep product sales from their may 2019 acquisition of this works products limited, and (iii) sales of sports nutrition beverages, mixes, protein, gum, and mints from their october 2019 acquisition of biosteel. the increase in international medical sales largely resulted from canopy's april 2019 acquisition of c3. canadian recreational sales benefited from the introductions of retail stores across canada and cannabis-infused beverages. canopy gross profit (loss) decreased to $(14.1) million for fiscal 2021 from $45.4 million for fiscal 2020. this decrease of $59.5 million is primarily driven by inventory write-downs related to its organizational and strategic review of their business and detailed evaluation of inventory. canopy selling, general, and administrative expenses increased $750.7 million primarily from (i) their decision to close greenhouse facilities as well as other changes related to its organizational and strategic review of their business and (ii) expected credit losses on financial assets and related charges, partially offset by a reduction in stock-based compensation expense. the combination of these factors were the main contributors to the increase in operating loss of $810.2 million.
interest expense interest expense decreased to $385.7 million for fiscal 2021 from $428.7 million for fiscal 2020. this decrease of $43.0 million, or 10% is predominantly due to lower average borrowings of approximately $1.2 billion primarily attributable to the partial repayment of financing entered into in connection with the november 2018 canopy transaction.
(provision for) benefit from income taxes our effective tax rate for fiscal 2021 was 20.1% of tax expense as compared with 102.3% of tax benefit for fiscal 2020. in comparison to prior year, our taxes were negatively impacted primarily by:
•the recognition of a $547.4 million net income tax benefit resulting from the remeasurement of our deferred tax assets for fiscal 2020 in connection with the september 2019 enactment of tax reform in switzerland,
•lower net income tax benefits recorded for fiscal 2021 as compared with fiscal 2020 on the changes in fair value of our investment in canopy and canopy equity in earnings (losses); and
•a lower net income tax benefit from stock-based compensation award activity for fiscal 2021 from changes in option exercise activity.
for additional information, refer to note 13.
we expect our reported effective tax rate for the next fiscal year to be in the range of 21% to 23%. this range includes the estimated impact of the expected long-lived asset impairment of brewery construction in progress. for additional information, refer to note 23. since estimates are not currently available, this range does not reflect any future changes in the fair value of our canopy investment measured at fair value and any future equity in earnings (losses) and related activities from the canopy equity method investment.
constellation brands, inc. fy 2021 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 41
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents net income (loss) attributable to cbi net income (loss) attributable to cbi increased to $1,998.0 million for fiscal 2021 from $(11.8) million for fiscal 2020. this increase of $2,009.8 million is largely attributable to (i) the unrealized net gain from the changes in fair value of our investment in canopy in fiscal 2021 as compared with an unrealized net loss in fiscal 2020, (ii) an impairment of long-lived assets held for sale for fiscal 2020, (iii) and strong volume growth within the beer segment, partially offset by the fiscal 2021 provision for income taxes as compared with a benefit from income taxes for fiscal 2020.
liquidity and capital resources general our primary source of liquidity has been cash flow from operating activities. our ability to consistently generate robust cash flow from our operations is one of our most significant financial strengths, it enables us to invest in our people and brands, make capital investments and strategic acquisitions, provide a cash dividend program, and from time-to-time, repurchase shares of our common stock. our largest use of cash in our operations is for purchasing and carrying inventories and carrying seasonal accounts receivable. historically, we have used this cash flow to repay our short-term borrowings and fund capital expenditures. additionally, our commercial paper program is used to fund our short-term borrowing requirements and to maintain our access to the capital markets. we use our short-term borrowings, including our commercial paper program, to support our working capital requirements and capital expenditures. covid-19 has negatively impacted the global economy and financial markets. a prolonged impact could interfere with our ability to access sources of liquidity or at favorable rates and to generate sufficient operating cash flows. we also have used opportunities to defer some payments including certain payroll taxes under the cares act afforded to us during the pandemic.
we seek to maintain adequate liquidity to meet working capital requirements, fund capital expenditures, and repay scheduled principal and interest payments on debt. absent deterioration of market conditions, we believe that cash flows from operating activities and financing activities, primarily short-term borrowings, will provide adequate resources to satisfy our working capital, scheduled principal and interest payments on debt, anticipated dividend payments, periodic share repurchases, and anticipated capital expenditure requirements for both our short-term and long-term capital needs.
on may 1, 2020, we exercised the november 2017 canopy warrants for an aggregate amount of c$245.0 million, or $173.9 million with cash from operations.
cash flows fiscal 2021         fiscal 2020                       dollar change
operating activities                                                    $2,806.5            $2,551.1                        $255.4
investing activities                                                      (87.9)             (531.0)                         443.1
financing activities                                                   (2,346.6)           (2,031.4)                       (315.2)
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                 7.2               (0.9)                           8.1
operating activities the increase in net cash provided by operating activities for fiscal 2021 is largely due to strong cash flow from the beer segment driven primarily by the segment's solid operating results, combined with the timing of collections for recoverable value-added taxes. net cash provided by operating activities also benefited from reduced inventories for the wine and spirits segment as a result of the 2020 u.s. wildfires. the increase in net constellation brands, inc. fy 2021 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 42
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents cash provided by operating activities was partially offset by higher income tax payments in fiscal 2021 primarily due to a change in estimated taxable income and the receipt of a federal tax refund in fiscal 2020.
investing activities net cash used in investing activities for fiscal 2021 decreased primarily due to higher proceeds from sale of business of $729.8 million for fiscal 2021 as compared with fiscal 2020. the decrease was partially offset by the may 2020 exercise of the november 2017 canopy warrants for $173.9 million and higher fiscal 2021 capital expenditures of $138.1 million.
business investments, acquisitions, and divestitures consist primarily of the following:
investments                         acquisitions                  divestitures fiscal 2021
● may 2020 canopy investment        ● copper &amp; kings          ● paul masson grande amber brandy
● booker vineyard                   ● empathy wines               ● wine and spirits divestiture
● nelson's green brier        ● black velvet canadian whisky for additional information on these investments, acquisitions, and divestitures, refer to notes 2, 7, and 10.
financing activities the increase in net cash provided by (used in) financing activities consists of:
fiscal 2021                    fiscal 2020                              dollar change
net proceeds from (payments of) debt, current and long-term, and related activities       $(1,787.8)                     $(1,464.8)                        $(323.0)
net cash provided by stock-based compensation activities                                  51.2                  63.9                                         (12.7)
distributions to noncontrolling interests                                                 (35.0)                         -                                   (35.0)
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities                                       $(2,346.6)                     $(2,031.4)                        $(315.2)
constellation brands, inc. fy 2021 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 43
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents debt total debt outstanding as of february 28, 2021, amounted to $10,442.3 million, a decrease of $1,742.3 million from february 29, 2020. this decrease consisted of:
debt repayment       debt issuance bank facilities in march 2020, we entered into the 2020 restatement agreement that amended and restated the 2018 credit agreement. this resulted in (i) the removal of the subsidiary guarantees and termination of the guarantee agreement, (ii) the inclusion of the parent guaranty provisions in connection with the termination of the guarantee agreement, (iii) the removal of certain provisions pertaining to term loans since no term loans are outstanding, and (iv) the revision of the libor successor rate provisions to permit the use of rates based on the sofr administered by the federal reserve bank of new york.
in march 2020, we entered into the term loan restatement agreement and the 2020 term loan restatement agreement, that amended and restated the term credit agreement and the 2019 term credit agreement, respectively. these new agreements each resulted in (i) the removal of the subsidiary guarantees and termination of the respective guarantee agreements and (ii) the revision of the libor successor rate provisions in each to permit the use of rates based on sofr. we prepaid the remaining outstanding three-year term facility and five-year term facility borrowings under our 2020 term credit agreement in fiscal 2021.
senior notes in april 2020, we issued the april 2020 senior notes. proceeds from this offering, net of discount and debt issuance costs, of $1,183.3 million were primarily used for the repayment of our 2.25% november 2017 senior notes and a portion of the three-year term facility outstanding obligations under our 2020 term credit agreement.
in november 2020, we repaid the senior floating rate notes with cash on hand. in february 2021, we repaid the 3.75% may 2013 senior notes utilizing cash proceeds from the wine and spirits divestitures.
general the majority of our outstanding borrowings as of february 28, 2021, consisted of fixed-rate senior unsecured notes, with maturities ranging from calendar 2022 to calendar 2050, and a variable-rate senior constellation brands, inc. fy 2021 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 44
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents unsecured term loan facility under our march 2020 term credit agreement, originally entered into in june 2019, with a calendar 2024 maturity date as follows:
additionally, we have a commercial paper program which provides for the issuance of up to an aggregate principal amount of $2.0 billion of commercial paper. our commercial paper program is backed by unused commitments under our revolving credit facility under our 2020 credit agreement. accordingly, outstanding borrowings under our commercial paper program reduce the amount available under our revolving credit facility under our 2020 credit agreement.
we do not have purchase commitments from buyers for our commercial paper and, therefore, our ability to issue commercial paper is subject to market demand. if the commercial paper market is not available to us for any reason when commercial paper borrowings mature, we will utilize unused commitments under our revolving credit facility under our 2020 credit agreement to repay commercial paper borrowings. we do not expect that fluctuations in demand for commercial paper will affect our liquidity given our borrowing capacity available under our revolving credit facility under our 2020 credit agreement.
we had the following borrowing capacity available under our 2020 credit agreement:
remaining borrowing capacity february 28,                           april 14,
revolving credit facility (1)       $1,988.3                               $1,988.4
(1)    net of outstanding revolving credit facility borrowings and outstanding letters of credit under our 2020 credit agreement and outstanding borrowings under our commercial paper program.
the financial institutions participating in our 2020 credit agreement have complied with prior funding requests and we believe they will comply with any future funding requests. however, there can be no assurances that any particular financial institution will continue to do so.
we and our subsidiaries are subject to covenants that are contained in our 2020 credit agreement, including those restricting the incurrence of additional indebtedness, additional liens, mergers and consolidations, transactions with affiliates, and sale and leaseback transactions, in each case subject to numerous conditions, exceptions, and thresholds. the financial covenants are limited to a minimum interest coverage ratio and a constellation brands, inc. fy 2021 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 45
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents maximum net leverage ratio, both as defined in our 2020 credit agreement. as of february 28, 2021, under our 2020 credit agreement, the minimum interest coverage ratio was 2.5x and the maximum net leverage ratio was 4.5x.
the representations, warranties, covenants, and events of default set forth in our march 2020 term credit agreement are substantially similar to those set forth in our 2020 credit agreement.
our indentures relating to our outstanding senior notes contain certain covenants, including, but not limited to: (i) a limitation on liens on certain assets, (ii) a limitation on certain sale and leaseback transactions, and (iii) restrictions on mergers, consolidations, and the transfer of all or substantially all of our assets to another person.
as of february 28, 2021, we were in compliance with our covenants under our 2020 credit agreement, our march 2020 term credit agreement, and our indentures, and have met all debt payment obligations.
for further discussion and presentation of our borrowings and available sources of borrowing, refer to note 12.
we currently expect to continue to pay a regular quarterly cash dividend to stockholders of our common stock in the future, but such payments are subject to approval of our board of directors and are dependent upon our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, and other factors, including those set forth under item 1a "risk factors" of this form 10-k.
class a common shares repurchase authorization   dollar value of shares repurchased                       number of shares repurchased
(in millions, except share data)
share repurchases under the 2018 authorization and 2021 authorization may be accomplished at management's discretion from time to time based on market conditions, our cash and debt position, and other factors as determined by management. shares may be repurchased through open market or privately negotiated transactions. we may fund future share repurchases with cash generated from operations and/or proceeds from borrowings. any repurchased shares will become treasury shares.
constellation brands, inc. fy 2021 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 46
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents we currently expect to continue to repurchase shares in the future, but such repurchases are dependent upon our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, and other factors, including those set forth under item 1a "risk factors" of this form 10-k.
for additional information, refer to note 17.
capital resources we have maintained adequate liquidity to meet working capital requirements, fund capital expenditures, and repay scheduled principal and interest payments on debt. absent deterioration of market conditions, we believe that cash flows from operating activities and financing activities, primarily short-term borrowings, will provide adequate resources to satisfy our working capital, scheduled principal and interest payments on debt, anticipated dividend payments, periodic share repurchases, and anticipated capital expenditure requirements for both our short-term and long-term capital needs. as of february 28, 2021, our $460.6 million cash and cash equivalent balance reflects the recent sale of a portion of our wine and spirits business.
the following sets forth information about our outstanding obligations at february 28, 2021. for a detailed discussion of the items noted in the following table, refer to notes 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, and 16.
long-term debt (excluding unamortized debt issuance costs and unamortized discounts)                   $29.2                  $10,490.7              $10,519.9
other long-term liabilities (2)                                                                        $49.0                     $207.7                 $256.7
capital expenditures (3)                                                                              $140.0                     $103.7                 $243.7
in-process inventories                                                                                 $30.9                      $44.4                  $75.3
return value to shareholders (4)                                                                      $580.0                   $3,225.8               $3,805.8
investments in businesses (5)                                                                           $2.0                     $165.3                 $167.3
(2)other long-term liabilities do not include payments for unrecognized tax benefit liabilities of $204.7 million due to the uncertainty of the timing of future cash flows associated with these unrecognized tax benefit liabilities. in addition, other long-term liabilities do not include expected payments for interest and penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefit liabilities as amounts are not material. for a detailed discussion of these items, refer to note 13.
(3)contracts to purchase equipment and services primarily related to the obregon brewery expansion. for further information about these purchase obligations, refer to "capital expenditures" below.
(4)publicly announced intent to return $5 billion in value to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases to be made from fiscal 2020 through fiscal 2023. we have returned $1,194.2 million through fiscal 2021.
(5)publicly announced intent to invest (i) $100 million in female-founded or led companies through our focus on female founders program over a ten-year period concluding in fiscal 2029 and (ii) $100 million to support african american/black and minority-owned startups in the beverage alcohol space and related categories over a ten-year period concluding in fiscal 2031. we have invested $32.7 million through fiscal 2021 in female-founded or led companies.
constellation brands, inc. fy 2021 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 47
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents capital expenditures during fiscal 2021, we incurred $864.6 million for capital expenditures, including $693.9 million for the beer segment primarily for the mexico beer projects.
we plan to spend from $1.0 billion to $1.1 billion for capital expenditures in fiscal 2022, including approximately $900 million for the beer segment associated primarily with the mexico beer projects. the remaining planned fiscal 2022 capital expenditures consist of improvements to existing operating facilities and replacements of existing equipment and/or buildings. the mexico beer projects are expected to be completed by fiscal 2025. accordingly, we expect to spend approximately $700 million to $900 million annually in fiscal 2023 through fiscal 2025 for the beer segment. management reviews the capital expenditure program periodically and modifies it as required to meet current business needs.
in fiscal 2017, we began construction of the mexicali brewery. in march 2020, a public consultation was held on the construction of our mexicali brewery. following the negative result of the public consultation, we are in discussions with government officials in mexico regarding next steps for our brewery construction project and options elsewhere in the country. we intend to continue working with government officials to mutually agree upon a path forward. at this time, we have suspended all mexicali brewery construction activities. see note 23 for further discussion.
critical accounting policies and estimates our significant accounting policies are more fully described in note 1. certain policies are particularly important to the portrayal of our financial position and results of operations and require the application of significant judgment by management to determine appropriate assumptions to be used in certain estimates; as a result, they are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. estimates are based on historical experience, observance of trends in the industry, information provided by our customers and information available from other outside sources, as appropriate. we review estimates to ensure that they appropriately reflect changes in our business on an ongoing basis. our critical accounting estimates include:
•fair value of financial instruments. management's estimate of fair value requires significant judgment and is subject to a high degree of variability based upon market conditions and the availability of specific information. the fair values of our financial instruments that require the application of significant judgment by management are as follows:
canopy investment equity securities, warrants - estimated using the black-scholes option-pricing model (level 2 fair value measurement) and monte carlo simulations (level 2 fair value measurement). these valuation models use various market-based inputs, including stock price, remaining contractual term, expected volatility, risk-free interest rate, and expected dividend yield, as applicable. management applies significant judgment in its determination of expected volatility. we consider both historical and implied volatility levels of the underlying equity security and apply limited consideration of historical peer group volatility levels.
debt securities, convertible - estimated using a binomial lattice option-pricing model (level 2 fair value measurement), which includes an estimate of the credit spread based on market spreads using bond data as of the valuation date. this valuation model uses various market-based inputs, constellation brands, inc. fy 2021 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 48
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents including stock price, remaining term, expected volatility, risk-free interest rate, and expected dividend yield, as applicable.
•goodwill and other intangible assets. goodwill and other intangible assets are classified into three categories: (i) goodwill, (ii) intangible assets with definite lives subject to amortization, and (iii) intangible assets with indefinite lives not subject to amortization. in estimating the fair value of the reporting units, management must make assumptions and projections regarding items such as future cash flows, revenues, earnings, and other factors. the assumptions used reflect management's estimates and are based on historical trends, projections and assumptions, including expectations of future economic and competitive conditions that are used in current strategic operating plans, however, are subject to change as a result of changing market conditions. if these estimates or their related assumptions change in the future, we may be required to recognize an impairment loss for these assets. the recognition of any resulting impairment loss could have a material adverse impact on our financial statements.
we perform annual impairment tests and re-evaluate the useful lives of other intangible assets with indefinite lives at the annual impairment test measurement date of january 1 or when circumstances arise that indicate a possible impairment or change in useful life might exist.
goodwill - our reporting units with goodwill include the beer segment and the wine and spirits segment. in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, we performed our annual goodwill impairment analysis using the quantitative assessment. no indication of impairment was noted for any of our reporting units, as the estimated fair value of each of our reporting units with goodwill exceeded their carrying value. based on this analysis, the reporting unit with the lowest amount of estimated fair value in excess of its carrying value was the wine and spirits reporting unit with approximately 108% excess fair value. for fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019, as a result of our annual goodwill impairment analyses, we concluded that there were no indications of impairment for either of our reporting units.
the most significant assumptions used in the discounted cash flow calculation to determine the estimated fair value of our reporting units in connection with the impairment testing are: (i) the discount rate, (ii) the expected long-term growth rate, and (iii) the annual cash flow projections. as of january 1, 2021, if we used a discount rate that was 50 basis points higher or used an expected long-term growth rate that was 50 basis points lower or used annual cash flow projections that were 100 basis points lower in our impairment testing of goodwill, then the changes individually would not have resulted in the carrying value of the respective reporting unit's net assets, including its goodwill, exceeding its estimated fair value. therefore, we did not have any indication of potential impairment.
other intangible assets - consist primarily of customer relationships and trademarks obtained through business acquisitions. customer relationships are amortized over their estimated useful lives. the trademarks that were determined to have indefinite useful lives are not amortized. using the quantitative assessment, our trademarks are evaluated for impairment by comparing the carrying value of the trademarks to their estimated fair value. the estimated fair value of trademarks is calculated based on an income approach using the relief from royalty method.
in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, the beer segment's four corners craft beer business recognized a $6.0 million impairment loss in connection with its trademark asset. certain negative trends within our four corners craft beer portfolio, including slower growth rates and increased competition, resulted in updated long-term financial forecasts indicating lower revenue and cash flow generation for the related portfolio. this change in financial forecasts indicated it was more likely than not the fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible asset associated with the four corners craft beer trademark might be below its carrying value. accordingly, we performed a quantitative assessment for impairment. during the second quarter of fiscal 2020, certain continuing negative trends within our beer segment's ballast point craft beer portfolio, including constellation brands, inc. fy 2021 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 49
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents increased rate of revenue decline and increased competition, indicated that it was more likely than not the fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible asset associated with the ballast point craft beer trademarks might be below its carrying value. accordingly, we performed a quantitative assessment for impairment. as a result of this assessment, the ballast point craft beer trademark asset recognized an impairment loss of $11.0 million. for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019, the beer segment's ballast point business recognized a trademark impairment loss of $108.0 million in connection with certain continuing negative trends within its craft beer portfolio and a change in strategy for this portfolio focused on improving profitability by rationalizing the number of product offerings while targeting distribution growth in select strategic markets. refer to note 7 for further discussion.
the most significant assumptions used in the relief from royalty method to determine the estimated fair value of intangible assets with indefinite lives in connection with impairment testing are: (i) the estimated royalty rate, (ii) the discount rate, (iii) the expected long-term growth rate, and (iv) the annual revenue projections. as of january 1, 2021, if we used a royalty rate that was 50 basis points lower or used a discount rate that was 50 basis points higher or used an expected long-term growth rate that was 50 basis points lower or used annual revenue projections that were 100 basis points lower in our impairment testing of intangible assets with indefinite lives, then each change individually would not have resulted in any unit of accounting's carrying value exceeding its estimated fair value.
divestitures - when some, but not all of a reporting unit is disposed of, some of the goodwill of the reporting unit should be allocated to the portion of the reporting unit being disposed of, if that portion constitutes a business. the allocation of goodwill is based on the relative fair values of the portion of the reporting unit being disposed of and the portion of the reporting unit remaining. this approach requires a determination of the fair value of both the business being disposed and the businesses retained within the reporting unit.
for fiscal 2021, our estimate of fair value for the paul masson divestiture, the wine and spirits divestitures, the concentrate business divestiture, and the ballast point divestiture was determined based on the expected proceeds from the transactions. the components sold were a part of the wine and spirits or beer segment and were included in those reporting units through the date of divestiture. goodwill was allocated to the assets held for sale based on the relative fair value of the businesses being sold compared to the relative fair value of the reporting unit. goodwill not allocated to assets associated with the respective divestitures remained in the wine and spirits or beer reporting unit.
•accounting for income taxes. we estimate our deferred tax assets and liabilities, income taxes payable, provision for income taxes, and unrecognized tax benefit liabilities based upon various factors including, but not limited to, historical pretax operating income, future estimates of pretax operating income, differences between book and tax treatment of various items of income and expense, interpretation of tax laws, and tax planning strategies. we are subject to income taxes in canada, mexico, switzerland, the u.s., and other jurisdictions. we are regularly audited by federal, state, and foreign tax authorities, but a number of years may elapse before an uncertain tax position is audited and finally resolved.
we believe all tax positions are fully supported. we recognize tax assets and liabilities in accordance with the fasb guidance for income tax accounting. accordingly, we recognize a tax benefit from an uncertain tax position when it is more likely than not the position will be sustained upon examination based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a payment that is materially different from our current estimate of the unrecognized tax benefit liabilities. in addition, changes in existing tax laws or rates could significantly change our current estimate of our unrecognized tax benefit liabilities. these differences will be reflected as increases or constellation brands, inc. fy 2021 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 50
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents decreases to income tax expense in the period in which they are determined. changes in current estimates, if significant, could have a material adverse impact on our financial statements.
we recognize our deferred tax assets and liabilities based upon the expected future tax outcome of amounts recognized in our results of operations. if necessary, we recognize a valuation allowance on deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not they will not be realized. we evaluate our ability to realize the tax benefits associated with deferred tax assets by assessing the adequacy of future expected taxable income, historical, and projected operating results, and the availability of prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. the realization of deferred tax assets is evaluated by jurisdiction and the realizability of these assets can vary based on the character of the tax attribute and the carryforward periods specific to each jurisdiction. we believe it is more likely than not the results of future operations will generate sufficient taxable income to realize our existing deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowances. changes in the realizability of our deferred tax assets will be reflected in our effective tax rate in the period in which they are determined.
change in accounting guidance accounting guidance adopted for fiscal 2021 did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
constellation brands, inc. fy 2021 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 51
part ii        item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures        table of contents