item 1a.    risk factors our business faces many risks. certain risks of which we are currently aware and deem to be material are described below.  if any of the events or circumstances described in the following risk factors occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations may significantly suffer, and the trading price of our common stock could decline.  these risk factors should be read in conjunction with the other information in this form 10-k.
strategic and competitive risks failure to protect our reputation could have a material adverse effect on our brand name or any of our exclusive brands.
our success depends in part on the value and strength of the tractor supply name, including our exclusive brands. the tractor supply name is integral to our business, as well as to the implementation of our strategies for expanding our business. maintaining, promoting, and positioning our brand will depend largely on the success of our marketing and merchandising efforts and our ability to provide high quality merchandise and a consistent, high quality customer experience. our brand could be adversely affected if we fail to achieve these objectives or if our public image or reputation were to be tarnished by negative publicity. failure to comply or accusation of failure to comply with ethical, social, product, labor, data privacy, and environmental standards could also jeopardize our reputation and potentially lead to various adverse consumer actions. any of these events could result in decreased revenue or otherwise adversely affect our business.
we experience fluctuations in our comparable store sales at our existing stores, defined as sales in stores which have been open for at least twelve months.  various factors affect the comparable store sales at our existing stores, including, among others, the general retail sales environment, our ability to efficiently source and distribute products, changes in our merchandise assortment, competition, proximity of our locations to one another or to the locations of other competing retailers, increased presence of online retailers, current economic conditions, customer satisfaction with our products, retail pricing, the timing of promotional events, the release of new merchandise, the success of marketing programs, weather conditions, and our ability to attract and retain qualified team members.  these factors may cause the comparable store sales results at our existing stores to differ materially from prior periods and from expectations.  past comparable store sales are not an indication of future results, and there can be no assurance that our comparable store sales will not decrease in the future.
furthermore, the significant positive impact of the covid-19 pandemic on the demand for our products in fiscal 2020 resulted in a significant increase in new or reacquired customers and in comparable store sales growth. our sales performance in fiscal 2020 may present a greater risk to our ability to increase comparable store sales in the following year(s) and in our ability to index maintain our new or reacquired customers gained in fiscal 2020. therefore, we may not be able to sustain or increase our comparable store sales in fiscal 2021 and beyond.
failure to open and manage new stores in the number and manner currently contemplated could adversely affect our financial performance.
an integral part of our business strategy includes the expansion of our store base through new store openings. this expansion strategy is dependent on our ability to find suitable locations, and we face competition from many retailers and other businesses for such sites. if we are unable to implement this strategy, our ability to increase our sales, profitability, and cash flow could be impaired significantly. to the extent that we are unable to open new stores in the manner we anticipate (due to, among other reasons, site approval or unforeseen delays in construction), our sales growth may be impeded.
as we execute this expansion strategy, we may also experience managerial or operational challenges which may prevent any expected increase in sales, profitability, or cash flow. our ability to manage our planned expansion depends on the adequacy of our existing information systems, the efficiency and expansion of our distribution systems, the adequacy of the hiring and training process for new personnel (especially store managers), the effectiveness of our controls and procedures, and the ability to identify customer demand and build market awareness in different geographic areas. there can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve our planned expansion, that the new stores will be effectively integrated into our existing operations or that such stores will be profitable.
although we have a rigorous real estate site selection and approval process, there can be no assurance that our new store openings will be successful or result in incremental sales and profitability for the company. new stores build their sales volumes and refine their merchandise selection over time and, as a result, generally have lower gross margins and higher operating expenses as a percentage of net sales than our more mature stores. as we continue to open new stores, there may be a negative impact on our results from a lower contribution margin of these new stores until their sales levels ramp to chain average, if at all, as well as from the impact of related pre-opening costs. additionally, new stores can also impact the sales and contribution margins of existing stores located in close proximity.
our merchandising and marketing initiatives may not provide expected results.
we believe our past performance has been based on, and future success will depend, in part, upon the ability to develop and execute merchandising initiatives with effective marketing programs.  these merchandising initiatives and marketing programs may not deliver expected results, and there is no assurance that we will correctly identify and respond in a timely manner to evolving trends and consumer preferences and expectations. further, adverse publicity about our merchandise products, whether valid or not, may discourage consumers from buying the products we offer. if we misjudge the market or our marketing programs are not successful, we may overstock unpopular products and be forced to take inventory impairment or retail price reductions that have a material adverse effect on our profitability. failure to execute and promote such initiatives in a timely manner could harm our ability to grow the business and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.  shortages of key merchandise could also have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
competition may hinder our ability to execute our business strategy and adversely affect our operations.
we operate in the highly competitive retail merchandise sector with numerous competitors. these competitors include general merchandise retailers, home center retailers, pet retailers, specialty and discount retailers, independently-owned retail farm and ranch stores, numerous privately-held regional farm store chains, and farm cooperatives, as well as internet-based retailers. we compete for customers, merchandise, real estate locations, and employees. this competitive environment subjects us to various other risks, including the inability to continue our store and sales growth and to provide attractive merchandise to our customers at competitive prices that allow us to maintain our profitability. our failure to compete effectively in this environment could adversely impact our financial performance.
we may pursue strategic acquisitions and the failure of an acquisition to produce the anticipated results or the inability to fully integrate the acquired companies could have an adverse impact on our business.
we may, from time to time, acquire businesses we believe to be complementary to our business. the success of an acquisition is based on our ability to make accurate assumptions regarding the valuation, operations, growth potential, integration, and other factors relating to the target business. acquisitions may result in difficulties in assimilating acquired companies and may result in the diversion of our capital and our management's attention from other business issues and opportunities. we may not index be able to successfully integrate an organization that we acquire, including their personnel, financial systems, distribution, operations, and general operating procedures. if we fail to successfully integrate acquisitions, we could experience increased costs associated with operating inefficiencies which could have an adverse effect on our financial results. also, while we employ several different methodologies to assess potential business opportunities, the new businesses may not meet our expectations and, therefore, adversely affect our financial performance. additionally, acquired businesses may not achieve desired profitability objectives, causing lower than expected earnings and cash flows which could subsequently require impairment of long-lived assets, goodwill and other intangible assets.
weather and climate risks weather conditions may have a significant impact on our financial results.
weather conditions affect the demand for, and in some cases the supply of, products, which in turn has an impact on prices.  historically, weather conditions, including unseasonably warm weather in the fall and winter months and unseasonably cool weather in the spring and summer months, have affected the timing and volume of our sales and results of operations. in addition, extreme weather conditions, including snow and ice storms, flood and wind damage, hurricanes, tornadoes, extreme rain, fires and droughts, have impacted operating results. while extreme weather conditions can positively impact our operating results by increasing demand in affected locations for products needed to cope with the weather condition and its effects, they can also negatively affect our business depending on the severity and length of these conditions, as a result of store closings, damage to our stores or merchandise, or the inability of customers to shop at our stores due to weather conditions. our strategy is to manage product flow and adjust merchandise assortments and depth of inventory to capitalize on seasonal demand trends. should such a strategy not be effective, the weather may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
weather conditions may cause a disruption in our distribution and transportation network that would adversely affect our ability to conduct our operations.
we rely on our distribution and transportation network, including third-party logistics providers, to provide goods to our stores and to our customers in a timely and cost-effective manner through deliveries to our distribution facilities from vendors and then from the distribution facilities or direct ship vendors to our stores or customers by various means of transportation, including shipments by sea, air, rail, and truck. although we believe that our operations are efficient, disruptions due to extreme weather conditions, including snow and ice storms, flood and wind damage, hurricanes, tornadoes, extreme rain, fires and droughts may result in delays in the transportation and delivery of merchandise to our distribution centers, our stores, or our customers. significant disruptions or delays in our distribution and transportation network could adversely affect sales and the satisfaction of our customers which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
factors associated with climate change could adversely affect our business.
we use natural gas, diesel fuel, gasoline and electricity in conducting our operations. increased government regulations to limit carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions may result in increased compliance costs and legislation or regulation affecting energy inputs, which could materially affect our profitability. further, climate change could affect our ability to procure needed commodities at costs and in the quantities that we currently expect. additionally, climate change may be associated with extreme weather conditions, such as more frequent or intense hurricanes, thunderstorms, tornadoes, floods, fire, drought, and snow or ice storms, as well as rising sea levels, all of which may negatively impact our business and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
macroeconomic risks general economic conditions may adversely affect our financial performance.
our results of operations may be sensitive to changes in overall economic conditions that impact consumer spending, including discretionary spending. a weakening of economic conditions affecting disposable consumer income such as lower employment levels, uncertainty or changes in business or political conditions, higher interest rates, higher tax rates, higher fuel and energy costs, higher labor and healthcare costs, the impact of natural disasters or acts of terrorism, general health epidemics, and other matters could reduce consumer spending or cause consumers to shift their spending to competitors. a general reduction in the level of discretionary spending, shifts in consumer discretionary spending to our competitors or shifts in discretionary spending to less profitable products sold by us could result in lower net sales, slower inventory turnover, greater markdowns on inventory, and a reduction in profitability due to lower margins.
index purchase price volatility, including inflationary and deflationary pressures, may adversely affect our financial performance.
although we cannot determine the full effect of inflation and deflation on our operations, we believe our sales and results of operations are affected by both.  we are subject to market risk with respect to the pricing of certain products and services, which include, among other items, grain, corn, steel, petroleum, cotton, and other commodities, as well as duties, tariffs, diesel fuel, and transportation services.  therefore, we may experience both inflationary and deflationary pressure on product cost, which may impact consumer demand and, as a result, sales and gross margin.  our strategy is to reduce or mitigate the effects of purchase price volatility principally by taking advantage of vendor incentive programs, economies of scale from increased volume of purchases, adjusting retail prices, and selectively buying from the most competitive vendors while maintaining product quality.  should our strategy to mitigate purchase price volatility not be effective, our financial performance could be adversely impacted.
team member risks our failure to attract and retain qualified team members, increases in wage, and labor costs, and changes in laws and other labor issues could adversely affect our financial performance.
our ability to maintain and continue expanding operations depends on our ability to attract and retain a large and growing number of qualified team members.  our ability to meet labor needs while controlling wage and related labor costs is subject to numerous external factors, including the availability of a sufficient number of qualified persons in the work force, unemployment levels, prevailing wage rates, increases in legally required minimum wage rates, changing demographics, health and other insurance costs, changes in employment legislation and the potential for changes in local labor practices or union activities.  if we are unable to locate, attract or retain qualified personnel, or if costs of labor or related costs increase significantly, our financial performance could be adversely affected.
we are subject to federal, state, and local laws governing employment practices and working conditions. these laws cover wage and hour practices, labor relations, paid and family leave, workplace safety and immigration, among others.  the laws and regulations being passed at the state and local level create unique challenges for a multi-state employer.  we must continue to monitor and adapt our employment practices to comply with these various laws and regulations.  if our costs of labor or related costs increase significantly as new or revised labor laws, rules or regulations or healthcare laws are adopted or implemented, our financial performance could be adversely affected.
the loss of current members of our senior management team and other key team members or the failure to successfully manage an executive officer transition may adversely affect our operating results.
our success depends in large part on the continued availability and service of our executive officers, senior management, and other key team members. competition for senior management and key team members in our industry is strong and we may not be able to retain our key team members or attract new qualified team members. we must continue to recruit, retain, and motivate management and other team members sufficiently, both to maintain our current business and to execute our long-term strategic growth initiatives. the loss of any of our executive officers or other key senior management without sufficient advance notice could prevent or delay the implementation and completion of our strategic initiatives or divert management's attention to seeking qualified replacements. additionally, any failure by us to manage a successful leadership transition of an executive officer and to timely identify a qualified permanent replacement could harm our business and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
supply chain and third-party vendor risks we face risks associated with vendors from whom our products are sourced.
the products we sell are sourced from a variety of domestic and international vendors.  we have agreements with our vendors in which the vendors agree to comply with applicable laws, including labor and environmental laws, and to indemnify us against certain liabilities and costs.  our ability to recover liabilities and costs under these vendor agreements is dependent upon the financial condition and integrity of the vendors. we rely on long-term relationships with our suppliers but have no significant long-term contracts with such suppliers.  our future success will depend in large measure upon our ability to maintain our existing supplier relationships or to develop new ones.  this reliance exposes us to the risk of inadequate and untimely supplies of various products due to political, economic, social, health (including, but not limited to, the covid-19 coronavirus), or environmental conditions, transportation delays, or changes in laws and regulations affecting distribution.  our index vendors may be forced to reduce their production, shut down their operations or file for bankruptcy protection, which could make it difficult for us to serve the market's needs and could have a material adverse effect on our business.
while the company selects these third-party vendors carefully, it does not control their actions or the components or manufacture of their products. any problems caused by these third-parties, or issues associated with their products or workforce, including customer or governmental complaints, breakdowns or other disruptions in communication services provided by a vendor, failure of a vendor to handle current or higher volumes, and cyber attacks or security breaches at a vendor could subject the company to litigation and adversely affect the company's ability to deliver products and services to its customers and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
we rely on foreign manufacturers for various products that we sell.  in addition, many of our domestic suppliers purchase a portion of their products from foreign sources.  as an importer, our business is subject to the risks generally associated with doing business internationally, such as domestic and foreign governmental regulations, economic disruptions, global or regional health epidemics, delays in shipments, transportation capacity and costs, currency exchange rates, and changes in political or economic conditions in countries from which we purchase products.  if any such factors were to render the conduct of business in particular countries undesirable or impractical or if additional u.s. quotas, duties, tariffs, taxes, or other charges or restrictions were imposed upon the importation of our products in the future, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
the political landscape in the u.s. contains uncertainty with respect to tax and trade policies, tariffs and regulations affecting trade between the u.s. and other countries. we source a portion of our merchandise from manufacturers located outside the u.s., primarily in asia and central america. major developments in tax policy or trade relations, such as the disallowance of tax deductions for imported merchandise or the imposition of tariffs on imported products, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
we rely on manufacturers located in foreign countries, including china, for merchandise. additionally, a portion of our domestically purchased merchandise is manufactured abroad. our business may be materially adversely affected by risks associated with international trade, including the impact of tariffs (imposed and potential) by the u.s. with respect to certain consumer goods imported from china.
we source a portion of our merchandise from manufacturers located outside the u.s., primarily in asia and central america, and many of our domestic vendors have a global supply chain. the u.s. has imposed tariffs on certain products imported into the u.s. from china and could propose additional tariffs. the imposition of tariffs on imported products has increased our costs and could result in reduced sales and profits. in addition, the imposition of tariffs by the u.s. has resulted in the adoption of tariffs by china on u.s. exports and could result in the adoption of tariffs by other countries as well. a resulting trade war could have a significant adverse effect on world trade and the world economy. further, the imposition of tariffs or other changes in world trade could have an impact on certain u.s. industries and consumers and could negatively impact the consumer demand for products that we sell.
we continue to evaluate the impact of the effective and potential tariffs on our supply chain, costs, sales, and profitability as well as our strategies to mitigate any negative impact, including negotiating with our vendors, seeking alternative sourcing options, and adjusting retail selling prices. given the uncertainty regarding the scope and duration of the current and potential tariffs, as well as the potential for additional trade actions by the u.s. or other countries, the impact on our business, results of operations, and financial condition is uncertain but could be significant. thus, we can provide no assurance that any strategies we implement to mitigate the impact of such tariffs or other trade actions will be successful in whole or in part in mitigating the impact of any current or future tariffs. to the extent that our supply chain, costs, sales, or profitability are negatively affected by the tariffs or other trade actions, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially adversely affected.
a significant disruption to our distribution network or to the timely receipt of inventory could adversely impact sales or increase our transportation costs, which would decrease our profits.
we rely on our distribution and transportation network, including third-party logistics providers, to provide goods to our stores in a timely and cost-effective manner through deliveries to our distribution facilities from vendors and then from the distribution facilities or direct ship vendors to our stores or customers by various means of transportation, including shipments by sea, air, rail, and truck. any disruption, unanticipated expense, or operational failure related to this process could negatively affect our operations. for example, unexpected delivery delays (including delays due to weather, fuel shortages, work stoppages, global or regional health epidemics, product shortages from vendors, or other reasons) or increases in transportation index costs (including increased fuel costs or a decrease in transportation capacity for overseas shipments) could significantly decrease our ability to provide adequate products for sale, or products at a desired price, resulting in lower sales and profitability. in addition, labor shortages or work stoppages in the transportation industry or long-term disruptions to the national and international transportation infrastructure that lead to delays or interruptions of deliveries could negatively affect our business. also, a fire, tornado, or other disaster at one of our distribution facilities could disrupt our timely receiving, processing, and shipment of merchandise to our stores which could adversely affect our business.
the implementation of our supply chain initiatives could disrupt our operations in the near term, and these initiatives might not provide the anticipated benefits or might fail.
we maintain a network of distribution facilities and have plans to build new distribution facilities and expand existing facilities to support our long-term strategic growth initiatives. delays in opening new or expanded distribution facilities could adversely affect our future operations by slowing store growth or negatively impacting our fulfillment capabilities, which may in turn reduce revenue growth. in addition, distribution-related construction or expansion projects entail risks which could cause delays and cost overruns, such as: shortages of materials; shortages of skilled labor or work stoppages; unforeseen construction, scheduling, engineering, environmental, or geological problems; weather interference; fires or other casualty losses; and unanticipated cost increases. the completion date and ultimate cost of future projects could differ significantly from initial expectations due to construction-related or other reasons. we cannot guarantee that all projects will be completed on time or within established budgets.
we continue to make significant technology investments in our supply chain. these initiatives are designed to streamline our distribution process so that we can optimize the delivery of goods and services to our stores, distribution facilities, and customers in a timely manner and at a reasonable cost. the cost and potential problems and interruptions associated with the implementation of these initiatives, including those associated with managing third-party service providers and employing new web-based tools and services, could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations in the near term. in addition, our improved supply chain technology might not provide the anticipated benefits, it might take longer than expected to realize the anticipated benefits, or the initiatives might fail altogether.
we face risks from our use of service providers or other third-parties whom we rely upon for conducting our business.
the company is dependent upon numerous service providers and other third-parties to conduct our business, including e-commerce among others. while the company selects these third-party vendors carefully, it does not control their actions. any failure of these third-parties to provide the expected or agreed-upon level of service in a timely manner for any reason could adversely affect the company's ability to deliver products and services to its customers and otherwise conduct its business. further, our reputation or brand could be adversely impacted by the actions of these third-parties.
technology, data security, business continuity and disaster recovery risks any failure to maintain the security of the information relating to our business, customers, employees, and vendors that we hold, whether as a result of cybersecurity attacks or otherwise, could damage our reputation with customers, employees, and vendors, could cause us to incur substantial additional costs and to become subject to litigation, and could materially affect our operating results, financial condition, and liquidity.
we depend on information systems and technology, some of which are managed or provided by third-parties, for many activities important to our business. as do most retailers, we receive and store in our information systems certain personal and other sensitive information about our business, customers, employees, and vendors. additionally, we also receive and process information permitting cashless payments as part of our in-store and online operations at tractorsupply.com and petsense.com and on our mobile application, some of which depend upon the secure transmission of confidential information over public networks. the information that we receive and store makes us subject to cybersecurity attacks, cyber incidents and privacy regulations, which are occurring more frequently, are constantly evolving in nature, are becoming more sophisticated, and are being made by groups and individuals with a wide range of expertise and motives. we are the target of attempted cyber and other security threats and continuously monitor our information technology networks and infrastructure in an effort to prevent, detect, address and mitigate the risk of unauthorized access, misuse, computer viruses and other events that could have a security impact. however, these security measures cannot provide absolute assurance or guarantee that we will be successful in preventing, detecting, or responding to every such breach or disruption and/or preventing the misuse of confidential information of our business, customers, employees, or vendors. similar risks exist with respect to the third-party vendors that we rely upon for aspects of our information technology support services and administrative functions, even if the attack or breach does not directly impact our systems or information.
index a compromise of our information security and privacy controls, or those of businesses and vendors with whom we interact, which results in confidential information being accessed, obtained, damaged, or used by unauthorized or improper parties; loss or unavailability of data; disruptions to our business activities; or any other outcome stemming from a cybersecurity incident could materially adversely affect our reputation with our customers, team members, and vendors, as well as our operations, results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity, and could result in significant legal and financial exposure beyond the scope or limits of insurance coverage. moreover, a security breach could require that we expend significant additional resources to respond to the attack or breach and could result in a disruption of our operations.
in addition, states and the federal government are increasingly enacting laws and regulations relating to privacy, data breaches, and theft of employee and customer data.  these laws will likely increase the costs of doing business and, if we fail to comply with these laws and regulations, to implement appropriate safeguards, or to detect and provide prompt notice of unauthorized access as required by some of these new laws, we could be subject to potential claims for damages and other remedies, which could harm our business.
we are subject to payments-related risks that could increase our operating costs, expose us to fraud, subject us to potential liability, and potentially disrupt our business.
we accept payments using a variety of methods, including credit cards, debit cards, credit accounts, our private label credit cards, gift cards, direct debit from a customer's bank account, consumer invoicing, and physical bank checks, and we may offer different payment options over time. these payment options subject us to many compliance requirements, including, but not limited to, compliance with payment card association operating rules, including data security rules, certification requirements, rules governing electronic funds transfers, and payment card industry data security standards. they also subject us to potential fraud by criminal elements seeking to discover and take advantage of security vulnerabilities that may exist in some of these payment systems. for certain payment methods, including credit and debit cards, we pay interchange and other fees, which may increase over time and raise our operating costs and lower profitability. we rely on third parties to provide payment processing services, including the processing of credit cards, debit cards, electronic checks, gift cards and promotional financing, and it could disrupt our business if these companies become unwilling or unable to provide these services to us. if we fail to comply with these rules or requirements, adequately encrypt payment transaction data, or if our data security systems are breached or compromised, we may be liable for card issuing banks' costs, subject to fines and higher transaction fees, and lose our ability to accept credit and debit card payments from our customers, process electronic funds transfers, or facilitate other types of online payments, and our business and operating results could be adversely affected.
our business and operations could suffer material losses in the event of system interruptions or failures.
our information technology systems, some of which are dependent on services managed or provided by third-parties, serve an important role in the operation and administration of our business. these systems are vulnerable to damages from any number of sources, including, but not limited to, human error, cybersecurity attacks, computer viruses, unauthorized access, fire, flood, power outages, telecommunication failures, facility or equipment damage, natural disasters, terrorism, and war.  in addition, we continually make investments in technology to implement new processes and systems, as well as to maintain and update our existing processes and systems. implementing process and system changes increases the risk of disruption. if our information technology systems are interrupted or fail and our redundant systems or recovery plans are not adequate to address such interruptions or failures on a timely basis, our revenues and profits could be reduced and the reputation of our brand and our business could be materially adversely affected.  additionally, remediation of any problems with our systems could result in significant, unplanned expenses.
customer-facing technology systems are an important part of our sales and marketing strategy and the failure of those systems to perform effectively and reliably could keep us from delivering positive customer experiences.
through our continued information technology enhancements, we are able to provide an improved overall shopping environment and an omni-channel experience that empowers our customers to shop and interact with us from computers, tablets, smart phones, and other mobile communication devices. we use our websites, tractorsupply.com and petsense.com, and our mobile application as both a sales channel for our products and as a method of providing product, project, and other relevant information to our customers to drive in-store and online sales. omni-channel retailing is continually evolving and expanding, and we must effectively respond to changing customer expectations and new developments. disruptions, failures, or other performance issues with these customer-facing technology systems could impair the benefits that they provide to our in-store and online business and negatively affect our relationship with our customers.
index if we are unable to maintain or upgrade our management information systems and software programs or if we are unable to convert to alternate systems in an efficient and timely manner, our operations may be disrupted or become less efficient and our long-term strategic growth initiatives may not be successful.
we depend on management information systems for many aspects of our business.  we rely on certain software vendors to maintain and periodically upgrade many of these systems so that we can continue to support our business. we could be materially adversely affected if we experienced a disruption or data loss relating to our management information systems and are unable to recover timely. we could also be adversely impacted if we are unable to improve, upgrade, maintain, and expand our management information systems, particularly in light of the contemplated continued store growth.
the success of our long-term strategic growth initiatives designed to increase our sales and improve margin are dependent in varying degrees on the timely delivery and the functionality of information technology systems to support them.  extended delays or cost overruns in securing, developing, and otherwise implementing technology solutions to support the long-term strategic growth initiatives would delay and possibly even prevent us from realizing the projected benefits of those initiatives.
financial risks changes in market conditions or in our credit rating could restrict capital and adversely affect our business operations and growth initiatives.
we rely on the positive cash flow we generate from our operating activities and our access to the credit and capital markets to fund our operations, growth strategy, capital expenditures, and return of cash to our shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. changes in the credit and capital markets, including market disruptions, limited liquidity and interest rate fluctuations, may increase the cost of financing or restrict our access to these potential sources of future liquidity. our continued access to liquidity sources on favorable terms depends on multiple factors, including our operating performance and credit ratings. there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain and/or improve our current credit ratings. a rating organization may lower our rating, or change our ratings' outlook, or decide not to rate our securities, temporarily or permanently, in its sole discretion. in the event that our current credit ratings are downgraded or removed, we would most likely incur higher borrowing costs and experience greater difficulty in obtaining additional financing, which in turn would have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and liquidity. we can make no assurances that our ability to obtain additional financing through the debt markets will not be adversely affected by economic conditions or that we will be able to maintain or improve our current credit ratings.
in addition, tight lending practices may make it difficult for our real estate developers to obtain financing under acceptable loan terms and conditions.  unfavorable lending conditions could impact the timing of our store openings and materially adversely affect our ability to open new stores in desirable locations.
longer-term disruptions in the capital and credit markets as a result of uncertainty, changing or increased regulation, reduced funding alternatives, or failures of significant financial institutions could adversely affect our access to liquidity needed for our business.  any disruption could require us to take measures to conserve cash until the markets stabilize or until alternative credit arrangements or other funding for our business needs can be arranged.  such measures could include deferring capital expenditures and reducing or eliminating future share repurchases, cash dividends, or other discretionary uses of cash.
our level of indebtedness could limit our cash flow available for operations and could adversely affect our ability to service our debt or obtain additional financing.
as of december 26, 2020, our total outstanding consolidated debt was approximately $984.3 million. our level of indebtedness could restrict our operations and make it more difficult for us to satisfy our debt obligations. our ability to make payments on our indebtedness, to refinance our indebtedness, and to fund planned capital expenditures will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. this, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, and other factors that are beyond our control. the risk exists that our business will be unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will not be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs. we may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before maturity. our ability to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on acceptable terms, or at all, will be dependent upon a number of factors, including our degree of leverage, the value of our assets, borrowing and other financial restrictions imposed by lenders and conditions in the credit markets at the time we refinance. if we are unable to refinance our indebtedness on acceptable terms, we may be forced to agree to otherwise unfavorable financing terms. this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
index in addition, so long as we comply with any existing limitations in our credit and debt agreements while they are in effect, we may issue an indeterminate amount of debt securities from time to time. if new debt is added to our and our subsidiaries' current debt levels, the related risks that we and they now face could intensify.
our credit facilities, the indenture related to our 1.75% senior notes, and other debt instruments have restrictive covenants and change of control provisions that could limit our financial and business flexibility.
our credit agreement governing our senior credit facilities and our note purchase and private shelf agreement governing our senior unsecured notes due august 14, 2029 (the "2029 notes") each contain financial, operative and other restrictive covenants in addition to the restrictive covenants contained in the indenture governing our 1.75% senior notes (as defined in the notes to the consolidated financial statements). our failure to comply with those covenants could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of all of our debt, which would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition.  in addition, upon certain events constituting a change of control, as that term is defined in the indenture for our 1.75% senior notes and in our note purchase and private shelf agreement for our 2029 notes, we are required to make an offer in cash to repurchase all or any part of each holder's 1.75% senior notes at a repurchase price equal to 101% of the principal thereof, plus accrued interest, and to prepay all of each holder's 2029 notes at a prepayment price equal to 100% of the principal thereof, plus accrued interest. sufficient funds may not be available to us, however, at the time of any change of control event to repurchase and prepay, as applicable, all or a portion of the tendered notes pursuant to these requirements. our failure to offer to repurchase 1.75% senior notes and prepay 2029 notes, or to repurchase and prepay, as applicable, notes tendered, following a change of control will result in a default under the indentures for our 1.75% senior notes and the note purchase and private shelf agreement for our 2029 notes, which could lead to a cross-default under our credit agreement for our senior credit facilities.
although our board of directors has indicated an intention to pay future quarterly cash dividends on our common stock, any determination to pay or increase cash dividends on our common stock in the future will be based primarily upon our financial condition, results of operations, business requirements, and our board of directors' continuing determination that the declaration of dividends is in the best interests of our stockholders and is in compliance with all laws and agreements applicable to the dividend. furthermore, although our board of directors has authorized a share repurchase program of up to $4.5 billion, which has remaining authorization as of december 26, 2020 of $1.14 billion, we may temporarily pause or permanently discontinue this program at any time or significantly reduce the amount of repurchases under the program.
the market price for our common stock might be volatile and could result in a decline in value.
the price at which our common stock trades may be volatile and could be subject to significant fluctuations in response to our operating results, general trends and prospects for the retail industry, announcements by our competitors, analyst recommendations, our ability to meet or exceed analysts' or investors' expectations, the condition of the financial markets, and other factors. the company's stock price is dependent in part on the multiple of earnings that investors are willing to pay. that multiple is in part dependent on investors' perception of the company's future earnings growth prospects. if investors' perception of the company's earnings growth prospects change, the company's earnings multiple may decline and its stock price could be adversely affected.
in addition, the stock market has at times experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of companies. these fluctuations, as well as general economic and market conditions, may adversely affect the market price of our common stock notwithstanding our actual operating performance.
impairment of the carrying value of our goodwill or other intangible assets could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
goodwill represents the difference between the purchase price of an acquired company and the related fair value of net assets acquired. a significant amount of judgment is involved in determining if an indication of impairment of goodwill exists. as with goodwill, we also test our indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. factors indicating impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets may include, among others: a significant decline in our expected future cash flows; a sustained, significant index decline in our stock price and market capitalization; a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate; unanticipated or changing competition; the testing for recoverability of a significant asset group within a reporting unit; and reduced growth rates. any adverse change in these factors could have a significant impact on the recoverability of these assets and negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. to the extent that business conditions deteriorate or if changes in key assumptions and estimates differ significantly from management's expectations, it may be necessary to record additional impairment charges in the future which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
legal, regulatory and compliance risks we are subject to personal injury, workers' compensation, product liability, discrimination, harassment, wrongful termination, wage and hour, and other claims in the ordinary course of business.
our business involves a risk of personal injury, workers' compensation, product liability, discrimination, harassment, wrongful termination, wage and hour, and other claims in the ordinary course of business.  product liability claims from customers and product recalls for merchandise alleged to be defective or harmful could lead to the disposal or write-off of merchandise inventories, the incurrence of fines or penalties, and damage to our reputation. we maintain general liability with a self-insured retention and workers' compensation insurance with a deductible for each occurrence.  we also maintain umbrella limits above the primary general liability and product liability coverage.  in many cases, we have indemnification rights against the manufacturers of the products and their products liability insurance, as well as the property owners of our leased buildings.  our ability to recover costs and damages under such insurance or indemnification arrangements is subject to the financial viability of the insurers, manufacturers, and landlords and the specific allegations of a claim.  no assurance can be given that our insurance coverage or the manufacturers' or landlords' indemnity will be available or sufficient in any claims brought against us.
additionally, we are subject to u.s. federal, state, and local employment laws that expose us to potential liability if we are determined to have violated such employment laws, including but not limited to, laws pertaining to minimum wage rates, overtime pay, discrimination, harassment, and wrongful termination. compliance with these laws, including the remediation of any alleged violation, may have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations.
our business could be negatively impacted as a result of federal, state, local, or foreign laws and regulations.
we are subject to numerous federal, state, local, and foreign laws and governmental regulations including those relating to environmental protection, personal injury, intellectual property, consumer product safety, building, land use and zoning requirements, workplace regulations, wage and hour, privacy and information security, and employment law matters.
our operations, including our outsourced exclusive brand manufacturing partners, are subject to regulation by the occupational safety and health administration ("osha"), the food and drug administration (the "fda"), the department of agriculture (the "usda"), the environmental protection agency (the "epa") and by various other federal, state, local and foreign authorities regarding the processing, packaging, storage, distribution, advertising, labeling and export of our products, including food safety standards.
if we fail to comply with existing or future laws or regulations, or if these laws or regulations are violated by importers, manufacturers or distributors, we may be subject to governmental or judicial fines or sanctions, while incurring substantial legal fees and costs. in addition, our capital expenditures could increase due to remediation measures that may be required if we are found to be noncompliant with any existing or future laws or regulations.
we are also subject to the foreign corrupt practices act (the "fcpa"), which prohibits u.s. companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to foreign officials for the purposes of obtaining or retaining business, and the anti-bribery laws of other jurisdictions. failure to comply with the fcpa and similar laws could subject us to, among other things, penalties and legal expenses that could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
index potential noncompliance with environmental regulations could materially impact our results of operations or financial condition.
our business is subject to various federal, state, and local laws, regulations, and other requirements pertaining to protection of the environment and public health, including, for example, regulations governing the management of waste materials and waste waters.  governmental agencies on the federal, state, and local levels have, in recent years, increasingly focused on the retail sector's compliance with such laws and regulations, and have at times pursued enforcement activities.  we periodically receive information requests and notices of potential noncompliance with environmental laws and regulations from governmental agencies, which are addressed on a case-by-case basis with the relevant agency. any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.
failure to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting could materially impact our business and results.
the company's management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. an internal control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. because of the inherent limitations in all internal control systems, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. any failure to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting could limit our ability to report our financial results accurately and timely or to detect and prevent fraud, and could expose us to litigation or adversely affect the market price of our common stock.
effective tax rate changes and results of examinations by taxing authorities could materially impact our results.
our future effective tax rates could be adversely affected by legislative tax reform, changes in statutory rates or changes in tax laws, or interpretations thereof. additionally, our future effective tax rates could be adversely affected by the earnings mix being lower than historical results in states where we have lower statutory rates and higher than historical results in states where we have higher statutory rates or by changes in the measurement of our deferred tax assets and liabilities.
we are subject to periodic audits and examinations by the internal revenue service ("irs"), as well as state and local taxing authorities. like many retailers, a portion of our sales are to tax-exempt customers. the business activities of our customers and the intended use of the unique products sold by us create a challenging and complex compliance environment.  these circumstances create risk that we could be challenged as to the propriety of our sales tax compliance. our results could be materially impacted by the determinations and expenses related to these and other proceedings by the irs and other state and local taxing authorities.
covid-19 risks the covid-19 coronavirus pandemic could have a material negative effect on our results of operations, cash flows, financial position, and business operations.
the covid-19 pandemic has created significant public health concerns as well as economic disruption, uncertainty, and volatility which may negatively affect our business operations.
we are unable to predict the impact that covid-19 will have on our results of operations, cash flows, financial position, and business operations due to numerous uncertainties. these uncertainties include, but are not limited to: the severity of the virus; the duration of the pandemic; governmental actions which include restrictions on our operations up to and including potential closure of our stores and distribution centers; the duration and degree of quarantine or shelter-in-place measures, including additional measures that may still occur; impacts on our supply chain which include suppliers of our products and our transportation vendors; the health of our workforce and our ability to maintain staffing needs to operate our business; how macroeconomic factors evolve including unemployment rates and recessionary pressures; the impact of the pandemic on consumer shopping patterns, both during and after the pandemic; volatility in the economy as well as the credit and financial markets during and after the pandemic; the incremental costs of doing business during the pandemic as well as on a long-term basis; potential increases in insurance premiums, medical claims costs, and workers' compensation claim costs; unknown consequences on our business performance and initiatives stemming from the substantial investment of time and other resources to the pandemic response; potential delays in growth initiatives including the timing of new store openings; potential adverse index effects on our internal control environment and information security as a result of changes to a remote work environment; and the long-term impact of the pandemic on our business.
in addition, we cannot predict the impact that the pandemic will have on our manufacturers and suppliers of our products and other business partners such as service vendors; however, any material effect on these parties could adversely impact our results of operations and our ability to operate our business effectively.
the covid-19 coronavirus pandemic could have a material negative effect on our supply chain.
circumstances surrounding and related to the covid-19 pandemic have created unprecedented impacts on the global supply chain. our business relies on an efficient and effective supply chain, including the manufacture and transportation of our products as well as the effective functioning of our distribution centers. impacts related to the covid-19 pandemic are placing strains on the domestic and international supply chains that could negatively affect the flow or availability of our products and result in higher out-of-stock inventory positions due to difficulties in timely obtaining product from the manufacturers and suppliers of our products as well as transportation of those products to our distribution centers and stores. further, we may have to source products from different manufacturers or geographic locations which could result in, among other things, higher product costs, increased transportation costs, delays in receiving products or lower quality of the products.
additionally, the operation of our distribution centers is crucial to our business operations. if our distribution centers experience closures or worker shortages, whether temporary or sustained, we could sustain significant adverse impacts related to the flow or availability of products to our stores and customers.
any of these circumstances could adversely affect our ability to deliver inventory in a timely manner, which could impair our ability to meet customer demand for products and result in lost sales, increased supply chain costs, or damage to our reputation.
economic impacts stemming from the covid-19 coronavirus pandemic could significantly impact our financial position, including liquidity, capital allocation, and access to capital markets for additional funds to operate our business.
in an effort to strengthen and preserve our liquidity while navigating the covid-19 pandemic, we took preemptive actions, including incremental borrowings under our credit facilities, issuing $650.0 million of 1.750% senior notes (as defined in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements), temporary suspension of our share repurchase program during a portion of fiscal 2020 and increased our balance of cash and cash equivalents.
the increased debt levels have increased our interest expense costs and could place us at higher risk of default or limit our future financial flexibility. further, the financial and credit markets have and may continue to experience significant volatility and turmoil. whether due to our increased debt levels or to ongoing changes in the financial and credit markets, our ability to access capital on favorable terms and continue to meet our liquidity needs could be adversely affected.
additionally, changes in our capital allocation strategy could have significant adverse impacts, both short- and long-term, on our business, results of operations, and financial position. any future suspension of our share repurchase program, if necessary and depending on duration, will negatively impact our earnings per share which in turn could adversely impact our common stock price. while not contemplated at this time, any potential suspension or reduction in our dividend declaration could have an adverse impact on investor perception and our common stock price.
actions taken to protect the health and safety of our team members and customers during the covid-19 coronavirus pandemic have increased our operating costs and may not be sufficient to protect against operational or reputational harm to our business, regulatory actions or claims and litigation.
in response to the covid-19 pandemic, we have taken a number of actions across our business to help protect our team members, customers, and others in the communities we serve. these measures include personal protective equipment for our team members, a requirement to wear masks in our facilities, increased staffing in order to provide contact-free curbside pickup from stores, expansion of our capabilities to support delivery to customer homes, increased cleaning and sanitizing measures, and monitoring for "social distancing" directives, as well as additional cleaning materials in our facilities. additionally, we have provided appreciation bonuses as well as permanent increases in compensation and benefits for our team members in our stores and distribution centers to further support them during and after the covid-19 pandemic. actions such as these have resulted in significant incremental costs and we expect that we will continue to incur these costs for the foreseeable future, which in turn will have an adverse impact on our results of operations.
index the health and safety of our team members and customers are of primary concern to our management team. however, due to the unpredictable nature of this virus and the consequences of our actions, we may see unexpected outcomes notwithstanding our added safety measures. for instance, if we do not respond appropriately to the pandemic, or if our team members or customers do not participate in "social distancing", vaccination efforts and other safety measures, the well-being of our team members and customers could be jeopardized. furthermore, any failure to appropriately respond, or the perception of an inadequate response, could cause reputational harm to our brand and subject us to claims and litigation from team members, customers and service providers. additionally, we may experience increased litigation expenses resulting from team member or customer lawsuits, including those related to the company's covid-19 response and team member or customer contraction of covid-19, increased insurance costs, medical claims costs and workers' compensation claims costs and an adverse impact of regulatory and judicial changes in liability for workers' compensation claims related to the covid-19 pandemic.
further, an outbreak of confirmed cases of covid-19 in our stores or distribution centers could result in temporary or sustained workforce shortages or facility closures which would negatively impact our underlying business and results of operations.
item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis is intended to provide the reader with information that will assist in understanding the significant factors affecting our consolidated operating results, financial condition, liquidity, and capital resources during the two-year period ended december 26, 2020 (our fiscal years 2020 and 2019). this discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report. this discussion contains forward-looking statements and information. see "forward-looking statements and information" and "risk factors" included elsewhere in this report.
tractor supply reports its financial results in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("u.s. gaap"). tractor supply also uses certain non-gaap measures that fall within the meaning of securities and exchange commission regulation g and regulation s-k item 10(e), which may provide users of the financial information with additional meaningful comparison to prior reported results. non-gaap measures do not have standardized definitions and are not defined by u.s. gaap. therefore, tractor supply's non-gaap measures are unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies. the presentation of these non-gaap measures should not be considered in isolation from, as a substitute for, or as superior to the financial information presented in accordance with u.s. gaap. we believe this information is useful in providing period-to-period comparisons of the results of our continuing operations.
overview founded in 1938, tractor supply company (the "company" or "we" or "our" or "us") is the largest rural lifestyle retailer in the united states ("u.s."). the company is focused on supplying the needs of recreational farmers, ranchers, and all those who enjoy living the rural lifestyle (which we refer to as the "out here" lifestyle), as well as tradesmen and small businesses. as of december 26, 2020, we operated 2,105 retail stores in 49 states under the names tractor supply company, del's feed & farm supply, and petsense. our stores are located primarily in towns outlying major metropolitan markets and in rural communities. we also operate websites under the names tractorsupply.com and petsense.com as well as a tractor supply company mobile application. through our stores and e-commerce channels, we offer the following comprehensive selection of merchandise:
equine, livestock, pet, and small animal products, including items necessary for their health, care, growth, and containment;
seasonal products, including heating, lawn and garden items, power equipment, gifts, and toys;
work/recreational clothing and footwear; and
maintenance products for agricultural and rural use.
tractor supply company believes we can grow our business by being an integral part of our customers' lives as the dependable supplier of "out here" lifestyle solutions, creating customer loyalty through personalized experiences, and providing convenience that our customers expect at anytime, anywhere, and in any way they choose. our long-term growth strategy is to: (1) expand and deepen our customer base by providing personal, localized, and memorable customer engagements by leveraging content, social media, and digital shopping experiences, attracting new customers and driving loyalty, (2) evolve customer experiences by digitizing our business processes and furthering our omni-channel capabilities, (3) offer relevant assortments and services across all channels through exclusive and national brands and continue to introduce new products and services through our test and learn strategy, (4) drive operational excellence and productivity through continuous improvement, increasing space utilization, and implementing advanced supply chain capabilities to support growth, scale and agility, and (5) expand through selective acquisitions, as such opportunities arise, to add complementary businesses and to enhance penetration into new and existing markets to supplement organic growth.
achieving this strategy will require a foundational focus on: (1) connecting, empowering and growing our team to enhance their lives and the communities they live in, enabling them to provide legendary service to our customers, and (2) allocating resources in a disciplined and efficient manner to drive profitable growth and build shareholder value, including leveraging technology and automation, to align our cost structure to support new business capabilities for margin improvement and cost reductions.
over the past five years, we have experienced considerable growth in stores, growing from 1,488 stores at the end of fiscal 2015 to 2,105 stores (1,923 tractor supply and del's retail stores and 182 petsense retail stores) at the end of fiscal 2020, and in net sales, with a compounded annual growth rate of approximately 11.3%. given the size of the communities that we target, we believe that there is ample opportunity for new store growth in many existing and new markets. we have developed a proven method for selecting store sites and we believe we have significant additional opportunities for new tractor supply stores. we also believe that there is opportunity for continued growth for petsense stores.
index executive summary in fiscal 2020, we opened 80 new tractor supply stores in 31 states and nine new petsense stores in three states. in fiscal 2019, we opened 80 new tractor supply stores in 29 states and eight new petsense stores in four states. this resulted in a selling square footage increase of approximately 4% in each of fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019.
net sales increased 27.2% to $10.62 billion in fiscal 2020 from $8.35 billion in fiscal 2019 as we experienced significant demand for our products across all product categories, geographies and channels in fiscal 2020 as our customers focused on the care of their homes, land and animals while navigating the covid-19 pandemic. comparable store sales increased 23.1% in fiscal 2020 versus a 2.7% increase in fiscal 2019. gross profit increased 31.0% to $3.76 billion in fiscal 2020 from $2.87 billion in fiscal 2019, and gross margin increased 104 basis points to 35.42% of net sales in fiscal 2020 from 34.38% of net sales in fiscal 2019. operating income increased 49 basis points to 9.39% of net sales in fiscal 2020 from 8.90% of net sales in fiscal 2019. for fiscal 2020, net income was $749.0 million, or $6.38 per diluted share, compared to $562.4 million, or $4.66 per diluted share, in fiscal 2019.
we ended fiscal 2020 with $1.34 billion in cash and cash equivalents and outstanding debt of $984.3 million, after returning $517.6 million to our stockholders through stock repurchases and quarterly cash dividends.
information regarding covid-19 coronavirus pandemic the company has been and continues to closely monitor the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on all facets of our business. this includes the impact on our team members, customers, suppliers, vendors, business partners, and supply chain networks.
the health and safety of our team members and customers are the primary concerns of our management team. we have taken and continue to take numerous actions to promote health and safety, including, providing personal protective equipment to our team members, establishing mask protocols in our facilities, rolling out additional functionality to support contactless shopping experiences, adding services for cleaning and sanitation in our stores and distribution centers, hiring additional team members to assist in promoting social distancing and cleaning actions in our stores, and implementing remote work plans at our store support center.
additionally, we have taken significant actions to support our team members during this pandemic including covid-19 paid medical leave, 100% coverage of covid-19 testing and treatment under our medical plan, and the payment of incremental appreciation bonuses for frontline team members of approximately $44 million during fiscal 2020. effective june 28, 2020, we implemented permanent wage increases for all of our hourly team members in our stores and distribution centers of a minimum of $1 per hour and are now providing a new benefit package for part-time team members, including medical, vision and dental coverage, behavioral health services, paid sick time and life insurance. we have also implemented annual restricted stock unit grants to more than 2,000 frontline salaried managers in our stores and distribution centers.
as further described in the results of operations, our net sales have significantly increased due to unprecedented customer demand across all major product categories, channels, and geographic regions. however, the net incremental costs of doing business during this crisis have increased as a result of the aforementioned actions we have taken to support and promote the safety and well-being of our team members and customers, and we believe many of these incremental costs will continue after the pandemic is over.
there are numerous uncertainties surrounding the pandemic and its impact on the economy and our business, as further described in the risk factors section under part i item 1a. of this form 10-k, which make it difficult to predict the impact on our business, financial position, or results of operations in fiscal 2021 and beyond. while our stores, distribution centers, and e-commerce operations are open and plan to remain open, we cannot predict the uncertainties, or the corresponding impacts on our business, at this time.
comparable store metrics comparable store metrics are a key performance indicator used in the retail industry and by the company to measure the performance of the underlying business. comparable store metrics are calculated on an annual basis using sales generated from all stores open at least one year and all online sales, excluding certain adjustments to net sales. stores closed during the year are removed from our comparable store metrics calculations. stores relocated during the years being compared are not removed from our comparable store metrics. if the effect of relocated stores on our comparable store metrics becomes material, we would remove relocated stores from the calculations.
index significant accounting policies and estimates management's discussion and analysis of our financial position and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap.  the preparation of these financial statements requires management to make informed estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities.  our financial position and/or results of operations may be materially different when reported under different conditions or when using different assumptions in the application of such policies.  in the event estimates or assumptions prove to be different from actual amounts, adjustments are made in subsequent periods to reflect more current information.  our significant accounting policies are disclosed in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.  the following discussion addresses our most critical accounting policies, which are those that are both important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and that require significant judgment or use of complex estimates.
inventory impairment we identify potentially excess and slow-moving inventory by evaluating turn rates, historical and expected future sales trends, age of merchandise, overall inventory levels, current cost of inventory, and other benchmarks. we have established an inventory valuation reserve to recognize the estimated impairment in value (i.e., an inability to realize the full carrying value) based on our aggregate assessment of these valuation indicators under prevailing market conditions and current merchandising strategies.
we do not believe our merchandise inventories are subject to significant risk of obsolescence in the near term. however, changes in market conditions or consumer purchasing patterns could result in the need for additional reserves. our impairment reserve contains uncertainties because the calculation requires management to make assumptions and to apply judgment regarding forecasted customer demand and the promotional environment.
we have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology used to recognize inventory impairment reserves in the financial periods presented. we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions we use to calculate impairment. however, if assumptions regarding consumer demand or clearance potential for certain products are inaccurate, we may be exposed to losses or gains that could be material. a 10% change in our inventory impairment reserve as of december 26, 2020, would have affected net income by approximately $1.1 million in fiscal 2020.
shrinkage our general policy is to perform physical inventories at least once a year for each store that has been open more than 12 months, and we have established a reserve for estimating inventory shrinkage between physical inventory counts. the reserve is established by assessing the chain-wide average shrinkage experience rate, applied to the related periods' sales volumes. such assessments are updated on a regular basis for the most recent individual store experiences.
while the company continued to operate as an essential retailer during the year, the covid-19 pandemic had a direct impact on our ability to complete all originally planned store physical inventories in fiscal 2020. our plan was complicated by state and local mandates such as shelter at home restrictions and social distancing requirements. our decision to revise our inventory schedule was based on these mandates as well as consideration of the health and safety of our team members, customers and vendor partners which are crucial to our business operations.
we assessed the risks associated with the stores not inventoried and concluded there is no material risk of misstatement to the financial statements for the stores not inventoried and further concluded that effective compensating controls are in place to ensure completeness and accuracy of reported inventory balances and estimated shrink losses.
the estimated store inventory shrink rate is based on historical experience. we believe historical rates are a reasonably accurate reflection of future trends. our shrinkage reserve contains uncertainties because the calculation requires management to make assumptions and to apply judgment regarding future shrinkage trends, the effect of loss prevention measures and merchandising strategies.
index we have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology used to recognize shrinkage in the financial periods presented. we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions we use to calculate our shrinkage reserve. however, if our estimates regarding inventory losses are inaccurate, we may be exposed to losses or gains that could be material. a 10% change in our shrinkage reserve as of december 26, 2020, would have affected net income by approximately $2.9 million in fiscal 2020.
vendor funding we receive funding from substantially all of our significant merchandise vendors, in support of our business initiatives, through a variety of programs and arrangements, including guaranteed vendor support funds ("vendor support") and volume-based rebate funds ("volume rebates"). the amounts received are subject to terms of vendor agreements, most of which are "evergreen", reflecting the on-going relationship with our significant merchandise vendors. certain of our agreements, primarily volume rebates, are renegotiated annually, based on expected annual purchases of the vendor's product. vendor funding is initially deferred as a reduction of the purchase price of inventory, and then recognized as a reduction of cost of merchandise as the related inventory is sold. during interim periods, the amount of vendor support and volume rebates are estimated based upon initial commitments and anticipated purchase levels with applicable vendors.
the estimated purchase volume (and related vendor funding) is based on our current knowledge of inventory levels, sales trends and expected customer demand, as well as planned new store openings and relocations. although we believe we can reasonably estimate purchase volume and related volume rebates at interim periods, it is possible that actual year-end results could be different from previously estimated amounts. our allocation methodology contains uncertainties because the calculation requires management to make assumptions and to apply judgment regarding customer demand, purchasing activity, target thresholds, vendor attrition and collectability.
we have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology used to establish our vendor funding reserves in the financial periods presented. at the end of each fiscal year, a significant portion of the actual purchase activity is known. thus, we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the amounts recorded as vendor funding. we do not believe there is a significant collectability risk related to vendor funding amounts due to us at the end of fiscal 2020. if a 10% reserve had been applied against our outstanding vendor funding due as of december 26, 2020, net income would have been affected by approximately $1.6 million in fiscal 2020. although it is unlikely that there will be any significant reduction in historical levels of vendor funding, if such a reduction were to occur in future periods, the company could experience a higher inventory balance and higher cost of sales.
freight we incur various types of transportation and delivery costs in connection with inventory purchases and distribution. such costs are included as a component of the overall cost of inventories (on an aggregate basis) and recognized as a component of cost of merchandise sold as the related inventory is sold.
we allocate freight as a component of total cost of sales without regard to inventory mix or unique freight burden of certain categories. this assumption has been consistently applied for all years presented.
we have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology used to establish our capitalized freight balance or freight allocation in the financial periods presented. if a 10% increase or decrease had been applied against our current inventory capitalized freight balance as of december 26, 2020, net income would have been affected by approximately $11.7 million in fiscal 2020.
we self-insure a significant portion of our workers' compensation insurance and general liability (including product liability) insurance plans. we have stop-loss insurance policies to protect from individual losses over specified dollar values. provisions for losses related to our self-insured liabilities are based upon periodic independent actuarially determined estimates that consider a number of factors including historical claims experience, loss development factors, and severity factors.
the full extent of certain workers' compensation and general liability claims may not become fully determined for several years. our self-insured liabilities contain uncertainties because management is required to make assumptions and to apply judgment to estimate the ultimate cost to settle reported claims and claims incurred but not reported as of the balance sheet date based upon historical data and experience, including actuarial calculations.
we have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology used to establish our self-insurance reserves in the financial periods presented. we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the assumptions we use to calculate insurance reserves. however, if we experience a significant increase in the number of claims or the cost associated with these claims, we may be exposed to losses that could be material. a 10% change in our self-insurance reserves as of december 26, 2020, would have affected net income by approximately $5.9 million in fiscal 2020.
impairment of long-lived assets:
long-lived assets, including lease assets, are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. when evaluating long-lived assets for potential impairment, we first compare the carrying value of the asset or asset group to its estimated undiscounted future cash flows. the evaluation for long-lived assets is performed at the lowest level of identifiable cash flows, which is generally the individual store level. the significant assumptions used to determine estimated undiscounted cash flows include cash inflows and outflows directly resulting from the use of those assets in operations, including margin on net sales, payroll and related items, occupancy costs, insurance allocations, and other costs to operate a store. if the estimated future cash flows are less than the carrying value of the related asset, we calculate an impairment loss. the impairment loss calculation compares the carrying value of the related asset or asset group to its estimated fair value, which may be based on an estimated future cash flow model, market valuation, or other valuation technique, as appropriate. we recognize an impairment loss if the amount of the asset's carrying value exceeds the asset's estimated fair value. if we recognize an impairment loss, the adjusted carrying amount of the asset becomes its new cost basis. for a depreciable long-lived asset, the new cost basis will be depreciated (amortized) over the remaining estimated useful life of that asset.
our impairment loss calculations contain uncertainties because they require management to make assumptions and to apply judgment to estimate future cash flows and asset fair values.
we have not made any material changes in our impairment loss assessment methodology in the financial periods presented, other than to include operating lease right-of-use assets in our ongoing impairment assessment upon adoption of the new lease accounting standard in fiscal 2019.
we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the estimates or assumptions we use to calculate long-lived asset impairment losses. none of these estimates and assumptions are significantly sensitive, and a 10% change in any of these estimates would not have a material impact on our analysis. however, if actual results are not consistent with our estimates and assumptions used in estimating future cash flows and asset fair values, we may be exposed to losses that could be material. we have not made any material changes in our impairment loss assessment methodology in the financial periods presented in fiscal 2020. we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the estimates or assumptions we use to calculate long-lived asset impairment losses.
in fiscal 2020 we recognized approximately $5.1 million of impairment expense related to long-lived assets for certain underperforming petsense stores.
index impairment of goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets:
goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets are evaluated for impairment annually, or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. in accordance with the accounting standards, an entity has the option first to assess qualitative factors to determine whether events and circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that goodwill or an indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. if after such assessment an entity concludes that the asset is not impaired, then the entity is not required to take further action. however, if an entity concludes otherwise, then it is required to determine the fair value of the asset using a quantitative impairment test, and if impaired, the associated assets must be written down to fair value.
the quantitative impairment test for goodwill compares the fair value of a reporting unit with the carrying value of its net assets, including goodwill. if the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying value of the reporting unit, an impairment charge would be recorded to the company's operations, for the amount in which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit's fair value. we determine fair values for each reporting unit using the market approach, when available and appropriate, the income approach, or a combination of both. the income approach involves forecasting projected financial information (such as revenue growth rates, profit margins, tax rates, and capital expenditures) and selecting a discount rate that reflects the risk inherent in estimated future cash flows. under the market approach, the fair value is based on observed market data. if multiple valuation methodologies are used, the results are weighted appropriately.
the quantitative impairment test for other indefinite-lived intangible assets involves comparing the carrying amount of the asset to the sum of the discounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. if the implied fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than the carrying value, an impairment charge would be recorded to the company's operations.
our impairment loss calculation contains uncertainties because they require management to make assumptions and to apply judgment to qualitative factors as well as estimate future cash flows and asset fair values, including forecasting projected financial information and selecting the discount rate that reflects the risk inherent in future cash flows.
the valuation approaches utilized to estimate fair value for the purposes of the impairment tests of goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets require the use of assumptions and estimates, which involve a degree of uncertainty. if actual results are not consistent with our estimates and assumptions used in estimating future cash flows and asset fair values, we may be exposed to non-cash impairment losses that could be material.
as described in further detail in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, in fiscal 2020 we recognized goodwill impairment expense of approximately $60.8 million and tradename asset impairment expense of approximately $8.2 million related to petsense.
index quarterly financial data our unaudited quarterly operating results for each fiscal quarter of 2020 and 2019 are shown below (in thousands, except per share amounts):
gross profit                                             661,249                      1,156,813                         947,957                         995,530                      3,761,549
gross profit                                             614,984                        820,745                        694,240                        741,801                      2,871,770
(a) comparable store metrics are calculated using sales generated from all stores open at least one year and all online sales, excluding certain adjustments to net sales. closed stores are removed from our comparable store metrics calculations. stores relocated during the periods being compared are not removed from our comparable store metrics. if the effect of relocated stores on our comparable store metrics becomes material, we would remove relocated stores from the calculations.
index results of operations the following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, certain items in the consolidated statements of income expressed as a percentage of net sales.
impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets            0.65                       -
income before income taxes                                    9.12                    8.66
(a) our gross margin amounts may not be comparable to those of other retailers since some retailers include all of the costs related to their distribution facility network in cost of merchandise sold and others (like our company) exclude a portion of these distribution facility network costs from gross margin and instead include them in selling, general, and administrative expenses; refer to note 1 - significant accounting policies of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, included in item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, of this annual report on form 10-k.
net sales increased 27.2% to $10.62 billion in fiscal 2020 from $8.35 billion in fiscal 2019. comparable store sales increased 23.1% to $10.29 billion versus a 2.7% increase in fiscal 2019. the comparable store average transaction value increased 12.2% and comparable store average transaction count increased 10.9% for fiscal 2020, as compared to an increase of 2.4% and 0.3% in fiscal 2019, respectively.
the covid-19 pandemic had a significant, positive impact on consumer demand in fiscal 2020 as customers focused on the care of their homes, land and animals. all major product categories and geographic regions of the company had robust comparable store sales growth. the increase in comparable store sales was driven by unprecedented demand beginning late in the first quarter and extending throughout the year for seasonal categories along with exceptional growth in everyday merchandise, including consumable, usable and edible ("c.u.e.") products. in addition, the company's e-commerce sales experienced triple-digit percentage growth in fiscal 2020 as compared to fiscal 2019.
in addition to comparable store sales growth in fiscal 2020, sales from stores opened less than one year were $355.3 million in fiscal 2020, which represented 4.3 percentage points of the 27.2% increase over fiscal 2019 net sales. sales from stores opened less than one year were $237.6 million in fiscal 2019, which represented 3.0 percentage points of the 5.6% increase over fiscal 2018 net sales.
fiscal year store count information:                         2020                      2019
tractor supply beginning of period                         1,844                     1,765
gross profit increased 31.0% to $3.76 billion in fiscal 2020 compared to $2.87 billion in fiscal 2019.  as a percent of net sales, gross margin increased 104 basis points to 35.42% for fiscal 2020 compared to 34.38% for fiscal 2019. the increase in gross margin was primarily attributable to the strong demand for our products resulting in a lower depth and frequency of sales promotions and less clearance activity.
total selling, general and administrative ("sg&a") expenses, including depreciation and amortization and asset impairment, increased 29.9% to $2.76 billion in fiscal 2020 from $2.13 billion in fiscal 2019.  sg&a expenses, as a percent of net sales, increased 55 basis points to 26.03% in fiscal 2020 from 25.48% in fiscal 2019.  the sg&a expenses in fiscal 2020 were impacted by discrete non-cash impairment charges for the petsense business of $74.1 million due primarily to a strategic reassessment of the business and a decision to reduce the number of new store openings planned over the long term and, to a lesser extent, the impairment of long-lived assets at underperforming locations. in fiscal 2020 we also experienced incremental costs related to the covid-19 pandemic, increased incentive compensation given the company's strong financial performance, investments in our team members through permanent wage and benefit increases for our store and distribution center team members that went into effect in the third quarter of fiscal 2020, and costs associated with investments in strategic initiatives. the costs related to the covid-19 pandemic were approximately $117 million during fiscal 2020 which includes appreciation wages for frontline team members as well as additional labor hours and supply costs dedicated to cleaning and sanitation to promote the health and safety of team members and customers. these increased costs, including the impairment expense, drove an increase in our sg&a expenses as a percent of net sales in fiscal 2020 as compared to fiscal 2019. these increases as a percent of net sales were partially offset by leverage in occupancy, personnel, and other operating costs from the significant increase in comparable store sales.
our effective income tax rate increased to 22.6% for fiscal 2020 compared to 22.3% in fiscal 2019. the primary driver for the increase in the company's effective income tax rate was attributable to a reduction in the benefit from investment credits as well as section 162(m) limitations, partially offset by an improvement in the benefit from share-based compensation.
index net income in fiscal 2020 was $748.96 million, or $6.38 per diluted share, compared to $562.35 million, or $4.66 per diluted share, in fiscal 2019. the aforementioned non-cash impairment expense related to the petsense business had an after-tax impact on fiscal 2020 net income of approximately $57.29 million or $0.49 per diluted share. on an adjusted basis, considering the after-tax impact of the non-cash impairment charges related to the petsense business, net income was $806.24 million, or $6.87 per diluted share, for fiscal 2020. adjusted net income and adjusted net income per diluted share are non-gaap measures which have been provided in order to enhance comparability for the periods presented given that the impairment charges related to the petsense business are non-recurring in nature. a reconciliation of these non-gaap financial measures is included in the following table.
reconciliation of non-gaap financial measures(in thousands, except per share amounts)
during fiscal 2020, we repurchased approximately 3.4 million shares of the company's common stock at a total cost of $343.0 million as part of our share repurchase program.  in fiscal 2019, we repurchased approximately 5.4 million shares at a total cost of $533.3 million. shares repurchased in fiscal 2020 were impacted by the temporary suspension of our share repurchase program from march 12, 2020 until november 5, 2020, in order to strengthen our liquidity and preserve cash while navigating the covid-19 pandemic.
for a comparison of our performance and financial metrics for the fiscal years ended december 28, 2019 and december 29, 2018, see "part ii, item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 28, 2019, filed with the sec on february 20, 2020.
liquidity and capital resources in addition to normal operating expenses, our primary ongoing cash requirements are for new store expansion, remodeling and relocation programs, distribution facility capacity and improvements, information technology, inventory purchases, repayment of existing borrowings under our debt facilities, share repurchases, cash dividends, and selective acquisitions as opportunities arise.
our primary ongoing sources of liquidity are existing cash balances, cash provided from operations, remaining funds available under our debt facilities, operating and finance leases, and normal trade credit.  our inventory and accounts payable levels typically build in the first and third fiscal quarters to support the higher sales volume of the spring and cold-weather selling seasons, respectively.
we believe that our existing cash balances, expected cash flow from future operations, funds available under our debt facilities, operating and finance leases, and normal trade credit will be sufficient to fund our operations, including increased expenses associated with covid-19, and our capital expenditure needs, including new store openings, store acquisitions, relocations and renovations, distribution facility capacity, and information technology improvements through the end of fiscal 2021.
index working capital at december 26, 2020, the company had working capital of $1.51 billion, which increased $974.6 million from 2019.  the shifts in working capital were attributable to changes in the following components of current assets and current liabilities (in millions):
december 26, 2020                   december 28, 2019                       variance current assets:
prepaid expenses and other current assets                     133.6                               100.9                              32.7
total current assets                                        3,258.7                             1,787.9                           1,470.8
current liabilities:
total current liabilities                                   1,743.8                             1,247.6                             496.2
working capital                                            $1,514.9                              $540.3                            $974.6
in comparison to december 28, 2019, working capital as of december 26, 2020 was impacted most significantly by changes in cash and cash equivalents, inventories, accounts payable and accrued expenses.
the increase in cash and cash equivalents was driven by significant net cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2020 and an increase in borrowings, net of repayments, under our debt facilities as we sought to strengthen liquidity and preserve cash while navigating the covid-19 pandemic. these increases in cash and cash equivalents were partially offset by share repurchases, capital expenditures to support our strategic growth, and cash dividends paid to stockholders.
the increase in inventories resulted from both a modest increase in average inventory per store to support the strong sales performance in the business as well as the purchase of additional inventory to support new store growth.
the increase in accounts payable was driven by company growth, including the significant increase in overall inventory as well as strong comparable store sales during fiscal 2020. the company growth and sales performance drove an increase in inventory purchases and produced high inventory turns, resulting in an increase in the amount of inventory purchases that remain in accounts payable at year end as compared to last year.
other accrued expenses increased as a result of company growth and the timing of payments. the increase in accrued employee compensation was primarily due to incentive accruals given the strong financial performance in fiscal 2020.
senior credit facility:
revolving credit loans                                                            -                             15.0
less: unamortized debt discounts and issuance costs                          (15.7)                            (1.0)
outstanding letters of credit                                                 $48.7                            $32.0
on october 30, 2020, the company issued and sold, in a public offering, $650 million in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due november 1, 2030 bearing interest at 1.75% per annum (the "1.75% senior notes"). in support of the issuance of the 1.75% senior notes, we obtained credit ratings from moody's investor services and standard & poor's.
we manage our business and financial ratios to target an investment-grade bond rating, which has historically allowed flexible access to financing at reasonable market costs. as of december 26, 2020 and the date of this filing, february 18, 2021, the company's senior unsecured debt is rated "baa1," by moody's investor services with a stable outlook and "bbb" by standard & poor's with a stable outlook. these ratings have been obtained with the understanding that moody's investors services and standard & poor's will continue to monitor our credit and make future adjustments to these ratings to the extent warranted. the ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold our securities, may be changed, superseded or withdrawn at any time and should be evaluated independently of any other rating.
our current ratings, as well as future rating agency actions, could impact our ability to finance our operations on satisfactory terms and affect our financing costs. there can be no assurance that we will maintain or improve our current credit ratings.
for additional information about the company's debt and credit facilities, refer to note 4 to the consolidated financial statements. as further described in note 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the company has entered into interest rate swap agreements in order to hedge our exposure to variable rate interest payments associated term loans under the senior credit facility.
sources and uses of cash our primary source of liquidity is cash provided by operations and funds available under our debt facilities.  principal uses of cash for investing activities are capital expenditures while principal uses of cash for financing activities are repurchase of the company's common stock and cash dividends paid to stockholders.
index the following table presents a summary of cash flows provided by or used in operating, investing, and financing activities for fiscal years 2020 and 2019 (in millions):
net cash provided by operating activities                      $1,394.5                        $811.7
net cash used in investing activities                           (292.2)                       (215.0)
net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities               155.2                       (598.8)
operating activities operating activities provided net cash of $1.39 billion and $811.7 million in fiscal 2020 and 2019, respectively. the $582.8 million increase in net cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2020, compared to fiscal 2019, was due to changes in the following (in millions):
prepaid expenses and other current assets            (32.8)                          13.6                        (46.4)
net cash provided by operating activities          $1,394.5                        $811.7                        $582.8
the $582.8 million increase in net cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2020, compared to fiscal 2019, is primarily driven by a year-over-year increase in our net income as well as the net impact of changes in our operating assets and liabilities, principally due to significant company growth in fiscal 2020 as well as the timing of accruals and related payments. the increase in net cash provided by operating activities was also affected by non-cash impairment charges recorded in fiscal 2020 related to the petsense business.
investing activities investing activities used cash of $292.2 million and $215.0 million in fiscal 2020 and 2019, respectively.  cash flows from investing activities in the years presented are primarily composed of capital expenditures. capital expenditures for fiscal 2020 and 2019 were as follows (in millions):
information technology                                      $133.0                         $89.3
distribution center capacity and improvements                 23.4                          19.7
total capital expenditures                                  $294.0                        $217.5
index the spending on information technology represents continued support of our store growth and our omni-channel initiatives, as well as improvements in security and compliance, enhancements to our customer relationship management program, and other strategic initiatives. in fiscal 2020, we additionally prioritized information technology capital expenditures to accelerate initiatives to enhance safety and convenience for customers, including initiatives such as buy online, pickup in store; buy online, deliver from store; contactless curbside pickup; contactless payment capabilities; additional mobile pos devices in all stores; and improvements to our in-store wireless internet.
spending for existing stores includes routine refresh activity. however, the increased spend for existing stores in fiscal 2020 as compared to fiscal 2019 was driven by strategic initiatives in select stores including security enhancements, space productivity and side lot improvements.
the above table reflects an investment in 80 new tractor supply stores, nine new petsense stores, and one store relocation during fiscal 2020. in fiscal 2019, we opened 80 new tractor supply stores, eight new petsense stores, and had two store relocations.
spending for distribution center capacity and improvements in fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019 represents new equipment and various enhancements for existing facilities. the northeast distribution center in frankfort, new york was completed and began shipping merchandise to our stores in the first quarter of fiscal 2019.
our projected capital expenditures for fiscal 2021 are currently estimated to be in a range of approximately $450 million to $550 million. the capital expenditures include a plan to open approximately 80 new tractor supply stores and 10 new petsense stores. additionally, we plan to begin construction in fiscal 2021 on a new distribution center in navarre, ohio which is currently anticipated to be complete by the end of fiscal 2022. we also plan to support our strategic growth initiatives related to space productivity and side lot improvements in certain existing stores as well as continued improvements in technology and infrastructure at our existing stores, and ongoing investments to enhance our digital and omni-channel capabilities to better serve our customers.
financing activities financing activities provided cash of $155.2 million in fiscal 2020, while financing activities used $598.8 million in fiscal 2019. the $754.0 million increase in net cash provided by financing activities in fiscal 2020, compared to fiscal 2019, was due to changes in the following (in millions):
net borrowings and repayments under debt facilities            $602.5                         $(11.3)                        $613.8
net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities            $155.2                        $(598.8)                        $754.0
the increase in net cash from financing activities in fiscal 2020, compared to fiscal 2019, reflects an increase in net borrowings discussed further in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements and a reduction of repurchases of common stock, both of which were the result of an effort throughout fiscal 2020 to increase liquidity and preserve cash while navigating the covid-19 pandemic. these increases in net cash provided year-over-year were partially offset by increased quarterly cash dividends and a decrease in net proceeds from the issuance of common stock associated with the exercise of share-based compensation awards.
repurchase of common stock the company's board of directors has authorized common stock repurchases under a share repurchase program which was announced in february 2007. the authorization amount of the program, which has been increased from time to time, is currently authorized for up to $4.5 billion, exclusive of any fees, commissions or other expenses related to such repurchases. the share repurchase program does not have an expiration date. the repurchases may be made from time to time on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. the timing and amount of any shares repurchased under the program will depend index on a variety of factors, including price, corporate and regulatory requirements, capital availability, and other market conditions. repurchased shares are accounted for at cost and will be held in treasury for future issuance. the program may be limited, temporarily paused, or terminated at any time without prior notice. as of december 26, 2020, the company had remaining authorization under the share repurchase program of $1.14 billion, exclusive of any fees, commissions or other expenses.
we repurchased approximately 3.4 million and 5.4 million shares of common stock under the share repurchase program at a total cost of $343.0 million and $533.3 million in fiscal 2020 and 2019, respectively.  as of december 26, 2020, the company had remaining authorization under the share repurchase program of $1.14 billion, exclusive of any fees, commissions, or other expenses. shares repurchased in fiscal 2020 were impacted by the temporary suspension of our share repurchase program from march 12, 2020 until november 5, 2020, in order to strengthen our liquidity and preserve cash while navigating the covid-19 pandemic.
on january 27, 2021, the company's board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.52 per share of the company's outstanding common stock.  the dividend will be paid on march 9, 2021, to stockholders of record as of the close of business on february 22, 2021.
it is the present intention of the company's board of directors to continue to pay a quarterly cash dividend; however, the declaration and payment of future dividends will be determined by the company's board of directors in its sole discretion and will depend upon the earnings, financial condition, and capital needs of the company, along with any other factors which the company's board of directors deem relevant.
significant contractual obligations and commercial commitments the following table reflects our future obligations and commitments as of december 26, 2020 (in thousands):
(a) operating lease payments exclude $174.1 million of legally binding minimum lease payments for leases signed, but not yet commenced.
(c) long-term debt obligations include an estimate of related interest after consideration of the interest rate swap agreements. see notes 4 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our interest rates.
at december 26, 2020, there were $48.7 million outstanding letters of credit under the senior credit facility.
off-balance sheet arrangements our off-balance sheet arrangements are limited to lease agreements signed but not yet commenced and outstanding letters of credit.  the balances for these arrangements are previously discussed.  letters of credit allow us to purchase inventory, primarily sourced overseas, in a timely manner and support certain risk management programs.
new accounting pronouncements the company adopted new lease accounting guidance in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 which had a material impact on our consolidated balance sheets and related disclosures. for additional information, including the required disclosures, related to the impact of adopting this new accounting guidance, see note 1 and note 6 to the consolidated financial statements.
index refer to note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for recently adopted accounting pronouncements and recently issued pronouncements not yet adopted as of december 26, 2020.