item 1a. risk factors.
you should view these statements with caution. these statements are not guarantees of future performance, circumstances or events. they are based on facts and circumstances known to us as of the date the statements are made. all aspects of our business are subject to uncertainties, risks and other influences, many of which we do not control. any of these factors, either alone or taken together, could have a material adverse effect on us and could change whether any forward-looking statement ultimately turns out to be true. additionally, we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statement as a result of future events, circumstances or developments. the following discussion should be read together with the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto. outlined below are some of the risks that we believe could affect our business and financial statements for 2021 and beyond and could cause actual results to be materially different from those that may be set forth in forward-looking statements made by the company. in addition to the following risks, there may be additional risks and uncertainties that adversely affect our business, performance, or financial condition in the future that are not presently known or are not currently believed to be material.
our future financial performance and success are dependent in large part upon our ability to implement our business strategy successfully. implementation of our strategy will require effective management of our operational, financial and human resources and will place significant demands on those resources. see item 1. business for more information on our business strategy.
●   a key element of our strategy is yield management through focus on price leadership, which has presented challenges to keep existing business and win new business at reasonable returns. we have also continued our environmental fee, fuel surcharge and regulatory recovery fee to offset costs. the loss of volumes as a result of price increases and our unwillingness to pursue lower margin volumes may negatively affect our cash flows or results of operations. additionally, we have in the past and may in the future face purported class action lawsuits related to our customer service agreements, prices and fees.
●   strategic decisions with respect to our asset portfolio may result in impairments to our assets. see item 1a. risk factors - we may record material charges against our earnings due to impairments to our assets.
●   our ability to make strategic acquisitions depends on our ability to identify desirable acquisition targets, negotiate advantageous transactions despite competition for such opportunities, fund such acquisitions on favorable terms, obtain regulatory approvals and realize the benefits we expect from those transactions.
●   acquisitions, investments and/or new service offerings may not increase our earnings in the timeframe anticipated, or at all, due to difficulties operating in new markets or providing new service offerings, failure of emerging technologies to perform as expected, failure to operate within budget, integration issues, or regulatory issues, among others.
●   integration of acquisitions and/or new services offerings could increase our exposure to the risk of inadvertent noncompliance with applicable laws and regulations.
●   liabilities associated with acquisitions, including ones that may exist only because of past operations of an acquired business, may prove to be more difficult or costly to address than anticipated.
●   execution of our strategy, particularly growth through acquisitions, may cause us to incur substantial additional indebtedness, which may divert capital away from our traditional business operations and other financial plans.
●   we continue to seek to divest underperforming and non-strategic assets if we cannot improve their profitability. we may not be able to successfully negotiate the divestiture of underperforming and non-strategic operations, which could result in asset impairments or the continued operation of low-margin businesses.
in addition to the risks set forth above, implementation of our business strategy could also be affected by other factors beyond our control, such as increased competition, legal developments, government regulation, general economic conditions, increased operating costs or expenses, subcontractor costs and availability and changes in industry trends. we may decide to alter or discontinue certain aspects of our business strategy at any time. if we are not able to implement our business strategy successfully, our long-term growth and profitability may be adversely affected. even if we are able to implement some or all of the initiatives of our business strategy successfully, our operating results may not improve to the extent we anticipate, or at all.
we may not realize the strategic benefits and cost synergies that are anticipated from our acquisition of advanced disposal services, inc. ("advanced disposal"), and we may encounter difficulties integrating advanced disposal's operations and systems that could impact the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting.
the benefits that are expected to result from our acquisition of advanced disposal will depend, in part, on our ability to successfully integrate advanced disposal's operations and systems and realize anticipated cost synergies. there is a significant degree of difficulty and management distraction inherent in the process of integrating an acquisition of this size. the process of integrating operations could cause business interruption and distraction. some members of our management may be required to devote considerable time to this integration process, which will decrease the time they will have to manage our company, service existing customers, attract new customers and develop new products or strategies. if management is not able to effectively manage the integration process, or if any significant business activities are interrupted as a result of the integration process, our business, financial condition and results of operations could suffer. the acquisition of advanced disposal may not result in realization of the benefits and cost synergies that we currently expect, and we cannot guarantee that these benefits and cost synergies will be achieved within anticipated time frames or at all. additionally, we may incur substantial expenses in connection with the ongoing integration of advanced disposal, which may exceed expectations and offset certain benefits.
as described further in item 9a. controls and procedures, in accordance with sec staff guidance, we have excluded advanced disposal from the assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2020 contained in this annual report on form 10-k; however, this exclusion may not extend beyond one year from the october 30, 2020 closing date. we are in the process of integrating advanced disposal's operations and systems to ensure the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting for this acquired business. establishing, testing and maintaining an effective system of internal control over financial reporting requires significant resources and time commitments on the part of our management and our finance staff, and the time and expenditures needed may exceed our expectations. if we encounter difficulties integrating advanced disposal operations and systems into our system of internal control over financial reporting, and if we are unable to correct any issues encountered in a timely manner, our ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial data may be adversely affected, which may impact the accuracy,
quality and completeness of our financial statements. such failure could materially and adversely impact our business and subject us to potential investigations, liability, and penalties. additionally, if we are unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective in any future period (or if our auditors are unable to express an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal controls or conclude that our internal controls are ineffective), we could lose investor confidence and suffer an adverse effect on our stock price.
our operations must comply with extensive existing regulations, and changes in regulations and/or enforcement of regulations can restrict or alter our operations, increase our operating costs, increase our tax rate, or require us to make additional capital expenditures.
stringent government regulations at the federal, state, provincial and local level in the u.s. and canada have a substantial impact on our operations, and compliance with such regulations is costly. many complex laws, rules, orders and interpretations govern environmental protection, health, safety, land use, zoning, transportation and related matters. among other things, governmental regulations and enforcement actions restrict our operations at times and may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows by imposing conditions such as:
●   limitations on siting and constructing new waste disposal, transfer, recycling or processing facilities or on expanding existing facilities;
●   limitations, regulations or levies on collection and disposal prices, rates and volumes;
●   limitations or bans on disposal or transportation of out-of-state waste or certain categories of waste;
●   limitations or restrictions on the recycling, processing or transformation of waste, recycling and other streams.
regulations affecting the siting, design and closure of landfills require us, at times, to undertake investigatory or remedial activities, curtail operations or close landfills temporarily or permanently. we have significant financial obligations relating to final capping, closure, post-closure and environmental remediation at our existing landfills and we establish accruals for these estimated costs. expenditures could be accelerated or materially exceed our accruals due to the types of waste collected and manner in which it is transported and disposed of, including actions taken in the past by companies we have acquired or third-party landfill operators; environmental regulatory changes; new information about waste types previously collected, such as pfas or other emerging contaminates, and other reasons.
various states have enacted, or are considering enacting, laws that restrict the disposal within the state of solid waste generated outside the state. from time to time, the u.s. congress has considered legislation authorizing states to adopt regulations, restrictions, or taxes on the importation of out-of-state or out-of-jurisdiction waste. additionally, several state and local governments have enacted "flow control" regulations, which attempt to require that all waste generated within the state or local jurisdiction be deposited at specific sites. the u.s. congress' adoption of legislation allowing restrictions on interstate transportation of out-of-state or out-of-jurisdiction waste certain types of flow control, or courts' interpretations of interstate waste and flow control legislation, could adversely affect our solid and hazardous waste management services.
additionally, regulations establishing extended producer responsibility ("epr") are being considered or implemented in many places around the world, including in the u.s. and canada. epr regulations are designed to place either partial or total responsibility on producers to fund the post-use life cycle of the products they create. along with the funding responsibility, producers may be required to undertake additional responsibilities, such as taking over management of local recycling programs by taking back their products from end users or managing the collection operations and recycling processing infrastructure. there is no federal law establishing epr in the u.s. or canada; however, federal, state, provincial and local governments could, and in some cases have, taken steps to implement epr regulations for packaging, including traditional recyclables such as cardboard, bottles and cans. if wide-ranging epr regulations were adopted, they could have a fundamental impact on the waste streams we manage and how we operate our business, including contract terms and pricing. a significant reduction in the waste, recycling and other streams we manage could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the regulatory environment in which we operate is influenced by changes in leadership at the federal, state, provincial and local levels. the policies set forth under the previous u.s. administration, for example, included substantial changes to foreign trade policy and generally were in favor of reducing regulation and corporate taxation. while it is anticipated that the new administration will reverse course on various regulatory policies impacting our company, we cannot predict what impact the change in administrations will have on specific regulations, nor can we predict the timing of any such changes. it is likely that some policies adopted by the new administration will benefit us and others will negatively affect us.
providing environmental and waste management services, including constructing and operating landfills, transfer stations, mrfs and other disposal facilities, involves risks such as truck accidents, equipment defects, malfunctions and failures. additionally, we closely monitor and manage landfills to minimize the risk of waste mass instability, releases of hazardous materials, and odors that are sometimes triggered by weather or natural disasters. there are also risks presented by the potential for subsurface heat reactions causing elevated landfill temperatures and increased production of leachate, landfill gas and odors. we also build and operate natural gas fueling stations, some of which also serve the public or third parties. operation of fueling stations and landfill gas collection and control systems involves additional risks of fire and explosion. any of these risks could potentially result in injury or death of employees and others, a need to shut down or reduce operation of facilities, increased operating expense and exposure to liability for pollution and other environmental damage, and property damage or destruction.
while we seek to minimize our exposure to such risks through comprehensive training, compliance and response and recovery programs, as well as vehicle and equipment maintenance programs, if we were to incur substantial liabilities in excess of any applicable insurance, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. any such incidents could also tarnish our reputation and reduce the value of our brand. additionally, a major operational failure, even if suffered by a competitor, may bring enhanced scrutiny and regulation of our industry, with a corresponding increase in operating expense.
we may be unable to obtain or maintain required permits or expand existing permitted capacity of our landfills, which could decrease our revenue and increase our costs.
our ability to meet our financial and operating objectives depends in part on our ability to obtain and maintain the permits necessary to operate landfill sites. permits to build, operate and expand solid waste management facilities, including landfills and transfer stations, have become more difficult and expensive to obtain and maintain. permits often take years to obtain as a result of numerous hearings and compliance requirements with regard to zoning, environmental and other regulations. these permits are also often subject to resistance from citizen or other groups and other political pressures. local communities and citizen groups, adjacent landowners or governmental agencies may oppose the issuance of a permit or approval we may need, allege violations of the permits under which we currently operate or laws or regulations to which we are subjected, or seek to impose liability on us for environmental damage. states and municipalities are also increasingly adopting requirements for environmental justice reviews as part of certain permitting decisions. these policies generally require permitting agencies to give heightened attention to the potential for projects to disproportionately impact low-income and minority communities. responding to permit challenges has, at times, increased our costs and extended the time associated with establishing new facilities and expanding existing facilities. in addition, failure to receive regulatory and zoning approval may prohibit us from establishing new facilities or expanding existing facilities. our failure to obtain the required permits to operate our landfills could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
if we are unable to attract, hire or retain key team members and a high-quality workforce, or if our succession planning does not develop an adequate pipeline of future leaders, it could disrupt our business, jeopardize our strategic priorities and result in increased costs, negatively impacting our results of operations.
our operations require us to attract, hire, develop and retain a high-quality workforce to provide a superior customer experience. this includes key individuals in leadership and specialty roles, as well as a very large number of drivers,
technicians and other front-line and back-office team members necessary to provide our environmental services. we experience significant competition to hire and retain individuals for certain front-line positions, such as commercial truck drivers, from within and outside our industry. additionally, the market for employees that serve on our digital team is highly competitive. as we have accelerated our investments in our digital platform, it is increasingly important that we are able to attract and retain employees with the skills and expertise necessary to implement and manage our technology-led strategy. we also compete to attract skilled business leaders, and our own key team members are sought after by our competitors and other companies. we make significant investments, and engage in extensive internal succession planning, to provide us with a robust pipeline of future leaders. if we are not able to attract, hire, develop and retain a high-quality workforce with the necessary skills and expertise, as well as key leaders, or if we experience significant employee turnover, it can result in business and strategic disruption, increased costs, and loss of institutional knowledge, which could negatively impact our results of operations.
we believe we have developed a reputation for high-quality service, reliability and social and environmental responsibility, and we believe our brand symbolizes these attributes. the waste management brand name, trademarks and logos and our reputation are powerful sales and marketing tools, and we devote significant resources to promoting and protecting them. adverse publicity, whether or not justified, relating to activities by our operations, employees or agents could tarnish our reputation and reduce the value of our brand. damage to our reputation and loss of brand equity could reduce demand for our services. this reduction in demand, together with the dedication of time and expense necessary to defend our reputation, could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation and restore the value of our brand.
we have made significant investments in an extensive natural gas truck fleet, which makes us partially dependent on the availability of natural gas and fueling infrastructure and vulnerable to natural gas prices, and requirements to transition to other vehicle types could impair these investments.
we operate a large fleet of natural gas vehicles, and we plan to continue to invest in these assets for our collection fleet. however, natural gas fueling infrastructure is not yet broadly available in the u.s. and canada; as a result, we have constructed and operate natural gas fueling stations, some of which also serve the public or pre-approved third parties. it will remain necessary for us to invest capital in fueling infrastructure in order to power our natural gas fleet. concerns have been raised about the potential for emissions from fueling infrastructure that serve natural gas-fueled vehicles. new regulation of, or restrictions on, natural gas fueling infrastructure or reductions in associated tax incentives could increase our operating costs. additionally, fluctuations in the price and supply of natural gas could substantially increase our operating expenses; a reduction in the existing cost differential between natural gas and diesel fuel could materially reduce the benefits we anticipate from our investment in natural gas vehicles. further, our fuel surcharge program is currently indexed to diesel fuel prices, and price fluctuations for natural gas may not effectively be recovered by this program.
there is increasing pressure to reduce the use of fossil fuel in the heavy-duty truck industry, and some cities and states are beginning to discuss requirements for using more advanced engine technology, such as electric powered vehicles, rather than natural gas or diesel vehicles. this is resulting in a reduction in tax incentives and grants for natural gas trucks. although current options for heavy-duty electric vehicles lack sufficient range and proven experience for our operations, we proactively engage in pilots of electric powered heavy duty vehicles and anticipate that we could redirect future planned capital investments in our fleet toward these assets when the vehicles prove economically and operationally viable. should regulation mandate an accelerated transition to electric powered vehicles, our cost to acquire vehicles needed to service our customers could increase, capital investment required to establish sufficient charging infrastructure could be significant and investments we have made in an industry-leading natural gas fleet and infrastructure could be impaired.
agreements with these unions. additional groups of employees may seek union representation in the future, and, if successful, would enhance organized labor's leverage to obtain higher than expected wage and benefits costs and resist the introduction of new technology and other initiatives, which can result in increased operating expenses and lower net income. if we are unable to negotiate acceptable collective bargaining agreements, our operating expenses could increase significantly as a result of work stoppages, including strikes. additionally, a large portion of our workforce are hourly personnel, and many of these individuals, particularly in our recycling business, are paid at rates related to federal and state minimum wages. increases in minimum wage rates, or the enactment of new wage-related legislation, may significantly increase our labor costs. any of these matters could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our operating revenues tend to be somewhat higher in summer months, primarily due to the higher construction and demolition waste volumes. the volumes of industrial and residential waste in certain regions where we operate also tend to increase during the summer months. our second and third quarter revenues and results of operations typically reflect these seasonal trends.
service disruptions caused by severe storms, extended periods of inclement weather or climate events can significantly affect the operating results of the areas affected. on the other hand, certain destructive weather and climate conditions, such as wildfires in the western u.s. and hurricanes that most often impact our operations in the southern and eastern u.s. during the second half of the year, can increase our revenues in the areas affected as a result of the waste volumes generated by these events. while weather-related and other event driven special projects can boost revenues through additional work for a limited time, due to significant start-up costs and other factors, such revenue can generate earnings at comparatively lower margins.
external economic and industry risks the covid-19 global pandemic has caused a significant disruption in social and commercial activity throughout north america, and the continuation of the covid-19 pandemic, or other similar pandemic conditions, may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
during 2020 and continuing into 2021, federal, state and local governments throughout north america have imposed varying degrees of restriction on social and commercial activity to promote social distancing in an effort to slow the spread of covid-19. the pandemic and related measures have had a significant adverse impact on many sectors of the economy, including environmental services. the resulting business closures, increases in unemployment and loss of consumer financial stability and confidence has resulted in volume declines and reductions in customers' waste service needs, which has negatively impacted our results of operations and cash flows.
we have incurred costs related to health, safety and financial security of our workforce during the covid-19 pandemic. this included transitioning back-office employees to work-from-home and providing financial certainty to employees by guaranteeing all full-time hourly employees compensation for a 40-hour work week regardless of service decreases and reduced work schedules that resulted from the covid-19 pandemic. it could be necessary for us to incur additional such costs in the future related to pandemic conditions. if a large portion of our employee base were to become ill, it could impact our ability to provide timely and reliable service. additionally, the transition of most of our back-office employees to work-from-home increases various operational risks, including potential exposure to cyber incidents, loss of data, fraud, internal control challenges and other disruptions as a consequence of more employees accessing company systems and information remotely in the course of their ordinary work.
a broad-based economic slowdown resulting from prolonged negative effects of covid-19 could have significant adverse consequences for the financial condition of our customers or suppliers. as a result, customers may seek to reduce service levels or terminate our contracts, or they may be unable to timely pay outstanding receivables owed to us, each of which would adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. additionally, such factors have made it more challenging to implement our pricing strategy and are likely to negatively impact our ability to negotiate, renew or expand service contracts with acceptable margins. volume changes can fluctuate dramatically by line of business and decreases in volumes in higher margin businesses, such as what we have seen with covid-19, can impact key financial metrics. additionally, as stay-at-home orders and work from home trends continue, the costs to service our residential customers could continue to negatively impact our margins. to the extent our suppliers experience a deterioration in financial condition or operational capability as a result of the impacts of covid-19, we may experience material supply chain disruptions and delays, which could also increase our operating costs.
we are not able to estimate the full impact of covid-19 on our business, but we expect that this situation will continue to have an adverse impact on the economy in general and on the company's results of operations until a substantial portion of the u.s. population is vaccinated and social distancing restrictions are lifted. should these or similar pandemic-related conditions persist for a prolonged period, it may have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows and hinder our ability to grow our business and execute our business strategy.
the waste industry is highly competitive, and if we cannot successfully compete in the marketplace, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected.
we encounter intense competition from governmental, quasi-governmental and private sources in all aspects of our operations. we principally compete with large national waste management companies, counties and municipalities that maintain their own waste collection and disposal operations and regional and local companies of varying sizes and financial resources. the industry also includes companies that specialize in certain discrete areas of waste management, operators of alternative disposal facilities, companies that seek to use parts of the waste stream as feedstock for renewable energy and other by-products, and waste brokers that rely upon haulers in local markets to address customer needs. in recent years, the industry has seen some additional consolidation, though the industry remains intensely competitive. counties and municipalities may have financial competitive advantages because tax revenues are available to them and tax-exempt financing is more readily available to them. also, such governmental units may attempt to impose flow control or other restrictions that would give them a competitive advantage. in addition, some of our competitors may have lower financial expectations, allowing them to reduce their prices to expand sales volume or to win competitively-bid contracts, including large national accounts and exclusive franchise arrangements with municipalities. when this happens, we may lose customers and be unable to execute our pricing strategy, resulting in a negative impact to our revenue growth from yield on base business.
our revenues, earnings and cash flows will fluctuate based on changes in commodity prices, and commodity prices for recyclable materials are particularly susceptible to volatility based on regulations and tariffs that affect our ability to export products.
enforcement or implementation of foreign and domestic regulations can affect our ability to export products. in 2017, the chinese government announced bans on certain scrap materials and begun to enforce extremely restrictive quality and other requirements, which significantly reduced china's import of recyclables. as of january 1, 2021, china ceased importing virtually all recyclables, including those exported by us. many other markets, both domestic and foreign, have also tightened their quality expectations and limited or restricted the import of certain recyclables. as an example, on january 1, 2021, new restrictions on the trade of most plastics went into effect as part of the basel convention on the control of transboundary movements of hazardous wastes and their disposal. the u.s. is not a party to the basel convention, but most countries to which we export are, which may limit exports of certain plastics.
such trade restrictions have disrupted the global trade of recyclables, particularly fiber, creating excess supply and decreasing recyclable commodity prices. we have been actively working to identify alternative markets for recycling commodities, but there may not be demand for all of the material we produce. the heightened quality requirements have been difficult for the industry to achieve and have driven up operating costs. in particular, single-stream mrfs process a wide range of commingled materials and tend to receive a higher percentage of non-recyclables, which results in increased
processing and residual disposal costs to achieve quality standards. as recyclable commodity prices have fallen and operating costs have increased, we and other recyclers are passing cost increases through to customers. the resulting price increase for recycling services in communities and at businesses in the u.s. has resulted in some customers reducing or eliminating their recycling service. covid-19 placed additional financial stress on municipalities, resulting in recycling programs being paused or eliminated. when combined with the impacts of the global markets shifts caused by china's termination of imports, the most recent financial stress has led to a number of states considering epr regulations.
reductions in market prices for recycling commodities, and reduction in demand for recycling commodities and recycling services, negatively impacted our operating income and cash flows in 2019. the decline in market prices in 2019 for recycling commodities resulted in a decrease in revenue of $248 million. in 2020, we saw a modest recovery in commodity prices due in part to an increased demand for recycled materials, resulting in increased revenue of $75 million. as we have increased the size of our recycling operations, we have also increased our exposure to commodity price fluctuations. additionally, future regulation, tariffs, international trade policies or initiatives may result in further reduced demand or increased operating costs, which would cause the profitability of our recycling operations to decline.
fluctuation in energy prices also affects our business, including recycling of plastics manufactured from petroleum products. significant variations in the price of methane gas, electricity and other energy-related products that are marketed and sold by our landfill gas recovery operations can result in a corresponding significant impact to our revenue from yield from such operations. additionally, we provide specialized disposal services for oil and gas exploration and production operations through our ees business. demand for these services decreases when drilling activity slows due to depressed oil and gas prices, such as the low prices throughout the last few years. any of the commodity prices to which we are subject may fluctuate substantially and without notice in the future.
our customers are increasingly diverting waste to alternatives to landfill disposal, such as recycling and composting, while also working to reduce the amount of waste they generate. in addition, many state and local governments mandate diversion, recycling and waste reduction at the source and prohibit the disposal of certain types of waste, such as yard waste, food waste and electronics at landfills. where such organic waste is not banned from the landfill, some large customers such as grocery stores and restaurants are choosing to divert their organic waste from landfills. zero-waste goals (sending no waste to the landfill) have been set by many of the u.s. and canada's largest companies. although such mandates and initiatives help to protect our environment, these developments reduce the volume of waste going to our landfills which may affect the prices that we can charge for landfill disposal. our landfills currently provide our highest income from operations margins. if we are not successful in expanding our service offerings, growing lines of businesses to service waste streams that do not go to landfills providing services for customers that wish to reduce waste entirely, then our revenues and operating results may decline. additionally, despite the development of new service offerings and lines of business, it is possible that our revenues and our income from operations margins could be negatively affected due to disposal alternatives.
with a heightened awareness of the global problems caused by plastic waste in the environment, an increasing number of cities and states across the country have passed ordinances banning certain types of plastics from sale or use. the most common materials banned include plastic straws, polystyrene plastic and single use packaging. these bans have increased pressure by manufacturers on our recycling facilities to accept a broader array of materials in curbside recycling programs to alleviate public pressures to ban the sale of those materials. however, there are currently no viable end markets for recycling these materials, and inclusion of such materials in our recycling stream increases contamination and operating costs and can negatively affect the results of our recycling operations.
general economic conditions can directly and adversely affect revenues for environmental services and our income from operations margins.
our business is directly affected by changes in national and general economic factors that are outside of our control, including consumer confidence, interest rates and access to capital markets. a weak economy generally results in
decreased consumer spending and decreases in volumes of waste generated, which negatively impacts the ability to grow through new business or service upgrades, and may result in customer turnover and reduction in customers' waste service needs. consumer uncertainty and the loss of consumer confidence may also reduce the number and variety of services requested by customers. additionally, a weak market for consumer goods can significantly decrease demand by paper mills for recycled corrugated cardboard used in packaging; such decrease in demand can negatively impact commodity prices and our operating income and cash flows.
a decrease in waste volumes generated results in an increase in competitive pricing pressure; such economic conditions may also interfere with our ability to implement our pricing strategy. many of our contracts have price adjustment provisions that are tied to an index such as the consumer price index, and our costs may increase more than the increase, if any, in the consumer price index. this is partially due to our relatively high fixed-cost structure, which is difficult to quickly adjust to match shifting volume levels and vendor costs, and may not correlate with the consumer price index or the waste industry.
weakness in the economy may expose us to credit risk of governmental entities and municipalities and other major customers, which could negatively impact our financial results.
we provide service to a number of governmental entities, municipalities, and large national accounts. during periods of economic weakness, governmental entities and municipalities can suffer significant financial difficulties, due in part to reduced tax revenue and/or high cost structures. during these periods, such entities, and our non-governmental customers, could be unable to pay amounts owed to us or renew contracts with us at previous or increased rates.
purchasers of our recycling commodities can be particularly vulnerable to financial difficulties in times of commodity price volatility. the inability of our customers to pay us in a timely manner or to pay increased rates, particularly large national accounts, could negatively affect our operating results.
in addition, the financial difficulties of municipalities could result in a decline in investors' demand for municipal bonds and a correlating increase in interest rates. as of december 31, 2020, we had $1.2 billion of tax-exempt bonds with term interest rate periods that expire within the next 12 months and $54 million of variable-rate tax-exempt bonds with interest rates reset on either a daily or a weekly basis. if market dynamics resulted in repricing of our tax-exempt bonds at significantly higher interest rates, we would incur increased interest expenses that may negatively affect our operating results and cash flows.
the company's effective tax rate and tax liability could materially change as a result of the adoption of new tax legislation and other factors.
predominantly all of the company's revenues are generated in the u.s., and changes in u.s. tax laws could materially impact our effective tax rate, financial condition and results of operations. the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act, enacted on december 22, 2017 (the "tax act"), had a significant impact on our effective tax rate, cash tax expenses and net deferred tax liabilities. the tax act reduced the u.s. corporate statutory tax rate and eliminated or limited the deduction of several expenses that were previously deductible, among other things. the results of the 2020 u.s. federal elections could lead to further changes in tax laws that would negatively impact the company's effective tax rate. the new presidential administration has provided information on what tax law changes it is likely to support, including increasing the u.s. corporate statutory tax rate. if ultimately enacted into law, this could materially impact our tax provision, cash tax liability and effective tax rate.
the price and supply of diesel fuel can fluctuate significantly based on international, political and economic circumstances, as well as other factors outside our control, such as actions by the organization of the petroleum exporting countries ("opec") and other oil and gas producers, regional production patterns, weather conditions and environmental concerns. we need diesel fuel to run a significant portion of our collection and transfer trucks and our equipment used in our landfill operations. supply shortages could substantially increase our operating expenses. additionally, if fuel prices
increase, our direct operating expenses increase and many of our vendors raise their prices to offset their own rising costs. we have in place a fuel surcharge program, designed to offset increased fuel expenses; however, we may not be able to pass through all of our increased costs and some customers' contracts prohibit any pass-through of the increased costs. additionally, lawsuits have challenged our fuel and environmental charges included on our invoices. regardless of any offsetting surcharge programs, increased operating costs due to higher diesel fuel prices will decrease our income from operations margins.
technology and information security risks developments in technology could trigger a fundamental change in the waste management industry, as waste streams are increasingly viewed as a resource, which may adversely impact volumes at our landfills and our profitability.
our company and others have recognized the value of the traditional waste stream as a potential resource. research and development activities are on-going to provide disposal alternatives that maximize the value of waste, including using waste as a source for renewable energy and other valuable by-products. we and many other companies are investing in these technologies. it is possible that such investments and technological advancements may reduce the cost of waste disposal or the value of landfill gas recovery to a level below our costs and may reduce the demand for landfill space. as a result, our revenues and margins could be adversely affected due to advancements in disposal alternatives.
if we are not able to develop new service offerings and protect intellectual property or if a competitor develops or obtains exclusive rights to a breakthrough technology, our financial results may suffer.
our existing and proposed service offerings to customers require that we invest in, develop or license, and protect new technologies. our company and others are increasingly focusing on new technologies that innovate our operations, improve the customer experience and provide alternatives to traditional disposal and maximize the resource value of waste. in 2020, we are continuing our multi-year commitment to strategic investments in technology, including accelerated investments in customer service digitalization. research, development and implementation of enhanced technology often requires significant spending that may divert capital investment away from our traditional business operations. we may experience difficulties or delays in the research, development, production and/or marketing of new products and services or implementation of technologies in which we have invested, which may negatively impact our operating results and prevent us from recouping or realizing a return on these investments. further, protecting our intellectual property rights and combating unlicensed copying and use of intellectual property is difficult, and inability to obtain or protect new technologies could impact our services to customers and development of new revenue sources. if a competitor develops or obtains exclusive rights to a "breakthrough technology" that provides a revolutionary change in traditional waste management, or if we have inferior intellectual property to our competitors, our financial results may suffer.
we may experience problems with the operation of our current information technology systems or the technology systems of third parties on which we rely, as well as the development and deployment of new information technology systems, that could adversely affect, or even temporarily disrupt, all or a portion of our operations until resolved. inabilities and delays in implementing new systems can also affect our ability to realize projected cost savings or other benefits. additionally, any system failures could impede our ability to timely collect and report financial results in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
we are implementing a new enterprise resource planning system, and challenges with the implementation of the system may impact our business and operations.
we are in the process of a complex, multi-year implementation of a new enterprise resource planning ("erp") system. the erp system implementation requires the integration of the new erp system with multiple new and existing information systems and business processes and is designed to accurately maintain our books and records and provide information to our management team important to the operation of the business. such an implementation is a major
undertaking from a financial, management, and personnel perspective. the implementation of the erp system may prove to be more difficult, costly, or time consuming than expected, and it is possible that the system will not yield the benefits anticipated. any disruptions, delays or deficiencies in the design and implementation of our new erp system could adversely affect our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations, resulting in negative impacts on our business and operations and subject us to potential liability. additionally, our implementation of the erp system involves greater utilization of third-party "cloud" computing services in connection with our business operations. problems faced by us or our third-party providers, including technological or business-related disruptions, as well as cybersecurity threats, could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition for future periods.
a cybersecurity incident could negatively impact our business and our relationships with customers, vendors and employees and expose us to increased liability.
substantially all aspects of our business operations rely on digital technology. we use computers, mobile devices, social networking and other online platforms to connect with our employees and our customers. these uses give rise to cybersecurity risks, including security breach, espionage, system disruption, theft and inadvertent release of information. our business involves the storage and transmission of numerous classes of sensitive and/or confidential information and intellectual property, including customers' personal information, private information about employees, and financial and strategic information about the company and its business partners. we also rely on a payment card industry compliant third party to protect our customers' credit card information.
we are regularly the target of attempted cyber intrusions, and we must commit substantial resources to continuously monitor and further develop our networks and infrastructure to prevent, detect, and address the risk of unauthorized access, misuse, computer viruses and other events. our security programs and measures do not prevent all intrusions. cyber intrusions require a significant amount of time and effort to assess and remedy, and our incident response efforts may not be effective in all cases. the theft, destruction, loss, misappropriation, or release of sensitive and/or confidential information or intellectual property, or interference with our information technology systems or the technology systems of third parties on which we rely, could result in business disruption, direct financial loss, negative publicity, brand damage, alleged violation of privacy laws, loss of customers, potential regulatory enforcement or private litigation liability and competitive disadvantage. while we do maintain insurance for cyber incidents, due to policy terms, limits and exclusions, it may not apply in all cases, and it may not be adequate to cover all liabilities incurred.
further, as the company pursues its strategy to grow through acquisitions, including our recent acquisition of advanced disposal, and to pursue new initiatives that improve our operations and cost structure, the company is also expanding and improving its information technologies, resulting in a larger technological presence and corresponding exposure to cybersecurity risk. certain new technologies, such as use of autonomous vehicles, remote-controlled equipment and virtual reality, present new and significant cybersecurity safety risks that must be analyzed and addressed before implementation. if we fail to assess and identify cybersecurity risks associated with acquisitions and new initiatives, we may become increasingly vulnerable to such risks.
increasing regulatory focus on privacy and data protection issues and expanding laws could negatively impact our business, subject us to criticism and expose us to increased liability.
the legislative and regulatory framework for privacy and data protection issues worldwide is rapidly evolving and is likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. we collect certain personally identifiable information and other sensitive information as integral parts of our business and in connection with providing services to our customers. we are subject to a variety of laws and regulations that govern the collection and use of such information obtained from individuals and businesses. these laws and regulations are inconsistent across jurisdictions and are subject to evolving interpretations. government officials, regulators, privacy advocates and class action attorneys are increasingly scrutinizing how companies collect, process, use, store, share and transmit personal data. we must continually monitor the development and adoption of new and emerging laws and regulations, such as the california consumer privacy act ("ccpa") that took effect on january 1, 2020. the ccpa, among other things, contains disclosure obligations for businesses that collect personal information about california residents and affords those individuals new rights relating to their personal information that can expand the scope of our potential liability. we must commit substantial time and resources toward compliance with
the ccpa and similar laws and regulations. any inability, or perceived inability, to adequately address privacy and data protection concerns, even if unfounded, or comply with applicable laws, regulations, policies, industry standards, contractual obligations, or other legal obligations, including at newly acquired companies, could subject us to regulatory enforcement, private litigation, public criticism, disrupt our operations, cause us to lose customers, result in additional costs and legal liability, damage our reputation, and otherwise harm our business.
legal, regulatory and compliance risks our operations are subject to environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, as well as contractual obligations that may result in significant liabilities.
there is risk of incurring significant environmental liabilities in the use, treatment, storage, transfer and disposal of waste materials. under applicable environmental laws and regulations, we could be liable if it is alleged that our operations cause environmental damage to our properties or to the property of other landowners, particularly as a result of the contamination of air, drinking water or soil. under current law, we could also be held liable for damage caused by conditions that existed before we acquired the assets or operations involved and for conditions resulting from waste types or compounds previously considered non-hazardous but later determined to present possible threat to public health or the environment. the risks of successor liability and emerging contaminants are of particular concern as we execute our growth strategy, partially though acquisitions, because we may be unsuccessful in identifying and assessing potential liabilities during our due diligence investigations. further, the counterparties in such transactions may be unable to perform their indemnification obligations owed to us. any substantial liability for environmental damage could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
in the ordinary course of our business, we have in the past, we are currently, and we may in the future, become involved in legal and administrative proceedings relating to land use and environmental laws and regulations. these include proceedings in which governmental entities, private groups or individuals seek to impose liability on us for environmental damage or violation of statutes or desire to revoke or deny permits required for our operations. we generally seek to work with the authorities or other persons involved in these proceedings to resolve any issues raised. if we are not successful, the adverse outcome of one or more of these proceedings could result in, among other things, material increases in our costs or liabilities as well as material charges for asset impairments.
further, we often enter into agreements with landowners imposing obligations on us to meet certain regulatory or contractual conditions upon site closure or upon termination of the agreements. compliance with these agreements inherently involves subjective determinations and may result in disputes, including litigation. costs to remediate or restore the condition of closed sites may be significant.
our ees business provides specialized environmental management and disposal services for fluids used and wastes generated by customers engaged in oil and gas exploration and production, and these disposal services include the use of underground injection wells. demand for these services is adversely affected if drilling activity slows due to regulation and industry conditions beyond our control, in addition to changes in oil and gas prices. there is heightened federal regulatory focus on emissions of methane that occur during drilling and transportation, as well as state attention to protective disposal of drilling residuals. there also remains heightened attention from the public, some states and the epa to the alleged potential for hydraulic fracturing that occurs during drilling to impact drinking water supplies. increased regulation of oil and gas exploration and production, including ghg emissions or hydraulic fracturing, could make it more difficult or cost-prohibitive for our ees customers to continue operations, adversely affecting our business.
additionally, any new regulations regarding the treatment and disposal of wastes associated with exploration and production operations, including through the use of injection wells, could increase our costs to provide oilfield services and reduce our margins and revenue from such services. conversely, any loosening of regulations regarding how such wastes are handled or disposed of could adversely impact demand for our ees services.
the primary drivers of renewable fuel development at our landfills are federal and state incentive programs, such as the federal rfs program and the california low carbon fuel standard. at the federal level, oil refiners and importers are required through the rfs program to blend specified volumes of renewable transportation fuels with gasoline or buy credits, referred to as rins, from renewable fuel producers. the company has invested, and continues to invest, in facilities that capture and convert landfill gas into renewable natural gas so that we can participate in the program. the value of the rins associated with our landfill gas is set through a market established by the program. each year, the epa is required to finalize a rule establishing refiners' obligations to purchase renewable natural gas and other cellulosic biofuels under the rfs program. market uncertainty stemming from these annual rulemakings, as well as the epa's administration of other aspects of the rfs program, led to a rapid decline in rin values in 2019 and much of 2020 before rebounding in november 2020. we will continue to advocate for the new administration to implement policies that ensure long-term stability for renewable transportation fuels, as changes in the rfs market or the structure of the rfs program can and has reduced the value of renewable natural gas rins and negatively impacted the financial performance of the facilities constructed to capture and treat the gas.
we continue to assess the physical risks to our operations from the effects of climate change. although we have made investments to mitigate risk associated with severe storm events, damage to our facilities or disruption of service caused by more frequent or more severe storms associated with climate extremes could negatively impact operating results. we have also identified risk to our assets and our employees associated with drought or water scarcity, flooding, extreme heat and rain events, and fire conditions associated with climate change. for example, wildfires influenced by climate change can damage landfill infrastructure such as gas collection systems, flooding in low-lying areas enhanced by sea level rise can result in greater maintenance expenses at our facilities and service disruption, and more frequent or extreme rain events can erode the protective vegetative caps on our landfills and generate increased volumes of leachate to manage. those areas of the country most prone to these occurrences have protocols in place, or are developing protocols to address these conditions, including employee safety, driver training, and equipment and facility protection protocols. we have incurred and will incur costs to develop and implement these protocols, and these protocols may not be effective in offsetting these risks. additionally, the actions of others in response to climate change effects, such as the rolling power blackouts implemented in california in 2019 due to wildfire risks, can result in service disruptions and increase our costs to operate.
our landfill operations emit methane, identified as a ghg. there are a number of legislative and regulatory efforts at the state, provincial, regional and federal levels to cap and/or curtail the emission of ghgs to ameliorate the effect of climate change. we continue to monitor these efforts and the potential impacts to our operations. should comprehensive federal climate change legislation be enacted, we expect it could impose costs on our operations that might not be offset by the revenue increases associated with our lower-carbon service options, the materiality of which we cannot predict. in 2010, the epa published a prevention of significant deterioration and title v ghg tailoring rule, which expanded the epa's federal air permitting authority to include the six ghgs. the rule sets new thresholds for ghg emissions that define when clean air act permits are required. the current requirements of these rules have not significantly affected our operations or cash flows, due to the tailored thresholds and exclusions of certain emissions from regulation. however, future ghg regulations may require landfill gas emission quantification and/or emission reduction requirements beyond what is currently required, and such amendments could have an adverse effect on our operating costs.
we could be subject to significant fines and penalties, and our reputation could be adversely affected, if our businesses, or third parties with whom we have a relationship, were to fail to comply with u.s. or foreign laws or regulations.
some of our projects and new business may be conducted in countries where corruption has historically been prevalent. it is our policy to comply with all applicable anti-bribery laws, such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, and with applicable local laws of the foreign countries in which we operate, and we monitor our local partners' compliance with such laws as well. our reputation may be adversely affected if we were reported to be associated with corrupt practices
or if we or our local partners failed to comply with such laws. such damage to our reputation could adversely affect our ability to grow our business. additionally, violations of such laws could subject us to significant fines and penalties.
currently pending or future litigation or governmental proceedings could result in material adverse consequences, including judgments or settlements.
from time to time we are involved in governmental proceedings relating to the conduct of our business. we are also party to civil litigation. as a large company with operations across the u.s. and canada, we are subject to various proceedings, lawsuits, disputes and claims arising in the ordinary course of our business. actions that have been filed against us, and that may be filed against us in the future, include personal injury, property damage, commercial, customer, and employment-related claims, including purported state and national class action lawsuits related to:
the timing of the final resolutions to these types of matters is often uncertain. additionally, the possible outcomes or resolutions to these matters could include adverse judgments or settlements, either of which could require substantial payments, adversely affecting our liquidity.
financial risks our capital requirements and our business strategy could increase our expenses, cause us to change our growth and development plans, or result in an inability to maintain our desired credit profile.
if economic conditions or other risks and uncertainties cause a significant reduction in our cash flows from operations, we may reduce or suspend capital expenditures, growth and acquisition activity, implementation of our business strategy, dividend declarations or share repurchases. we may choose to incur indebtedness to pay for these activities, although our access to capital markets is not assured and we may not be able to incur indebtedness at a cost that is consistent with current borrowing rates. we also may need to incur indebtedness to refinance scheduled debt maturities, and it is possible that the cost of financing could increase significantly, thereby increasing our expenses and decreasing our net income. further, our ability to execute our financial strategy and our ability to incur indebtedness is somewhat dependent upon our ability to maintain investment grade credit ratings on our senior debt. the credit rating process is contingent upon our credit profile and several other factors, many of which are beyond our control, including methodologies established and interpreted by third-party rating agencies. if we were unable to maintain our investment grade credit ratings in the future, our interest expense would increase and our ability to obtain financing on favorable terms could be adversely affected.
additionally, we have $3.1 billion of debt as of december 31, 2020 that is exposed to changes in market interest rates within the next 12 months because of the impact of our commercial paper borrowings and tax-exempt bonds. if interest rates increase, our interest expense would also increase, lowering our net income and decreasing our cash flow.
we may use our $3.5 billion revolving credit facility to meet our cash needs, to the extent available, until maturity in november 2024. as of december 31, 2020, we had no outstanding borrowings under this facility. we had $270 million of letters of credit issued and $1.8 billion of outstanding borrowings (net of related discount on issuance) under our commercial paper program, both supported by this facility, leaving unused and available credit capacity of $1.4 billion as of december 31, 2020. in the event of a default under our credit facility, we could be required to immediately repay all outstanding borrowings and make cash deposits as collateral for all obligations the facility supports, which we may not be able to do. additionally, any such default could cause a default under many of our other credit agreements and debt instruments. without waivers from lenders party to those agreements, any such default would have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue to operate.
we have substantial financial assurance and insurance requirements, and increases in the costs of obtaining adequate financial assurance, or the inadequacy of our insurance coverages, could negatively impact our liquidity and increase our liabilities.
the amount of insurance we are required to maintain for environmental liability is governed by statutory requirements. we believe that the cost for such insurance is high relative to the coverage it would provide and, therefore, our coverages are generally maintained at the minimum statutorily-required levels. we face the risk of incurring additional costs for environmental damage if our insurance coverage is ultimately inadequate to cover those damages. we also carry a broad range of other insurance coverages that are customary for a company our size. we use these programs to mitigate risk of loss, thereby enabling us to manage our self-insurance exposure associated with claims. the inability of our insurers to meet their commitments in a timely manner and the effect of significant claims or litigation against insurance companies may subject us to additional risks. to the extent our insurers are unable to meet their obligations, or our own obligations for claims are more than we estimated, there could be a material adverse effect to our financial results.
in addition, to fulfill our financial assurance obligations with respect to variable-rate tax-exempt debt, final capping, closure, post-closure and environmental remediation obligations, we generally obtain letters of credit or surety bonds, rely on insurance, including captive insurance, fund trust and escrow accounts or rely upon wm financial guarantees. we currently have in place all financial assurance instruments necessary for our operations. our financial position, which can be negatively affected by asset impairments, our credit profile and general economic factors, may adversely affect the cost of our current financial assurance instruments, and changes in regulations may impose stricter requirements on the types of financial assurance that will be accepted. additionally, in the event we are unable to obtain sufficient surety bonding, letters of credit or third-party insurance coverage at reasonable cost, or one or more states cease to view captive insurance as adequate coverage, we would need to rely on other forms of financial assurance. it is possible that we could be forced to deposit cash to collateralize our obligations. other forms of financial assurance could be more expensive to obtain, and any requirements to use cash to support our obligations would negatively impact our liquidity and capital resources and could affect our ability to meet our obligations as they become due.
in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"), we capitalize certain expenditures and advances relating to disposal site development, expansion projects, acquisitions, software development costs and other projects. events that have in the past and may in the future lead to an impairment include, but are not limited to, shutting down a facility or operation or abandoning a development project or the denial of an expansion permit. additionally, declining waste volumes and development of, and customer preference for, alternatives to traditional waste disposal could warrant asset impairments. if we determine an asset or expansion project is impaired, we will charge against earnings any unamortized capitalized expenditures and advances relating to such asset or project reduced by any portion of the capitalized costs that we estimate will be recoverable, through sale or otherwise. we also carry a significant amount of goodwill on our consolidated balance sheets, which is required to be assessed for impairment annually, and more frequently in the case of certain triggering events. we have in the past and may in the future be required to incur charges against earnings if such impairment tests indicate that the fair value of a reporting unit is below its carrying amount. any such charges could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
we could face significant liabilities for withdrawal from multiemployer pension plans.
we are a participating employer in a number of trustee-managed multiemployer defined benefit pension plans ("multiemployer pension plans") for employees who are covered by collective bargaining agreements. in the event of our withdrawal from a multiemployer pension plan, we may incur expenses associated with our obligations for unfunded vested benefits at the time of the withdrawal. depending on various factors, including potential legislative changes, future withdrawals could have a material adverse effect on results of operations or cash flows for a particular reporting period, and our on-going costs of participation in multiemployer pension plans may increase. see notes 10 and 11 to the consolidated financial statements for more information related to our participation in multiemployer pension plans.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
this section includes a discussion of our results of operations for the three years ended december 31, 2020. this discussion may contain forward-looking statements that anticipate results based on management's plans that are subject to uncertainty. we discuss in more detail various factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations in item 1a. risk factors. the following discussion should be read considering those disclosures and together with the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto.
overview we are north america's leading provider of comprehensive waste management environmental services, providing services throughout the united states ("u.s.") and canada. we partner with our residential, commercial, industrial and municipal customers and the communities we serve to manage and reduce waste at each stage from collection to disposal, while recovering valuable resources and creating clean, renewable energy. we own or operate the largest network of landfills in the u.s. and canada. in order to make disposal more practical for larger urban markets, where the distance to landfills is typically farther, we manage transfer stations that consolidate, compact and transport waste efficiently and economically. we also use waste to create energy, recovering the gas produced naturally as waste decomposes in landfills and using the gas in generators to make electricity. additionally, we are a leading recycler in the u.s. and canada, handling materials that include paper, cardboard, glass, plastic and metal. our "solid waste" business is operated and managed locally by our subsidiaries that focus on distinct geographic areas and provides collection, transfer, disposal, and recycling and resource recovery services. through our subsidiaries, we are also a leading developer, operator and owner of landfill gas-to-energy facilities in the u.s. consistent with our company's long-standing commitment to corporate sustainability and environmental stewardship, we have published our 2020 sustainability report, which details our commitment to help make the communities in which we live and work safe, resilient and sustainable. the information in this report can be found at https://sustainability.wm.com but does not constitute a part of, and is not incorporated by reference into, this annual report on form 10-k. for further discussion see section "federal, state and local climate change initiatives; sustainability" in item 1.
our solid waste operating revenues are primarily generated from fees charged for our collection, transfer, disposal, and recycling and resource recovery services, and from sales of commodities by our recycling and landfill gas-to-energy operations. revenues from our collection operations are influenced by factors such as collection frequency, type of collection equipment furnished, type and volume or weight of the waste collected, distance to the disposal facility or material recovery facility and our disposal costs. revenues from our landfill operations consist of tipping fees, which are generally based on the type and weight or volume of waste being disposed of at our disposal facilities. fees charged at transfer stations are generally based on the weight or volume of waste deposited, taking into account our cost of loading, transporting and disposing of the solid waste at a disposal site. recycling revenues generally consist of tipping fees and the sale of recycling commodities to third parties. the fees we charge for our services generally include our environmental fee, fuel surcharge and regulatory recovery fee which are intended to pass through to customers direct and indirect costs incurred. we also provide additional services that are not managed through our solid waste business, described under results of operations below.
acquisition of advanced disposal services, inc. ("advanced disposal")
on october 30, 2020, we completed our acquisition of all outstanding shares of advanced disposal for $30.30 per share in cash, pursuant to an agreement and plan of merger dated april 14, 2019, as amended on june 24, 2020. total enterprise value of the acquisition was $4.6 billion when including approximately $1.8 billion of advanced disposal's net debt. this acquisition grows our footprint and allows us to provide differentiated, sustainable waste management and recycling services to approximately three million new commercial, industrial and residential customers primarily located in the eastern half of the u.s. the acquisition was funded using our $3.0 billion, 364-day, u.s. revolving credit facility ("364-day revolving credit facility") and our commercial paper program, as discussed further in note 7 to the consolidated financial statements. as a result of the acquisition we recorded $4.1 billion of net assets including $2.5 billion of goodwill.
immediately following the closing of the advanced disposal acquisition, the transactions contemplated by the u.s. department of justice in connection with our acquisition of advanced disposal (as subsequently amended, the "divestiture agreement") were consummated. the required divestitures included a combination of assets and businesses belonging to us and advanced disposal. the company subsequently received cash proceeds from the sale of $856 million, subject to certain post-closing adjustments. we recognized a net gain of $33 million on our net assets divested in this transaction, primarily within our tier 2 segment. the impact on our results of operations from the divestitures was not material for the year ended december 31, 2020.
for the year ended december 31, 2020, we incurred $156 million of acquisition and integration related costs, which are primarily classified as "selling, general and administrative expenses". the post-closing operating results of advanced disposal have been included in our consolidated financial statements, within our existing reportable segments. since the acquisition date, advanced disposal has recognized $205 million, $142 million and $60 million of revenue, operating expenses and selling, general and administrative expenses, respectively, which are included in our consolidated statement of operations.
covid-19 update in january 2020, a novel strain of coronavirus ("covid-19") was declared a public health emergency of international concern and was subsequently declared a global pandemic in march 2020. we have contingency plans in place to ensure continuity of operations at our collection sites, transfer stations, landfills and recycling facilities. these plans ensure that we are in compliance with federal, state, provincial and local guidelines. key elements of our business continuity plan have been executed consistently across the organization. our safety team has medical experts and industrial hygienists that are continuously monitoring and incorporating guidance from relevant authorities. to date our existing personal protective equipment, hygiene and operating procedures comply with guidelines established to protect our employees from additional risks associated with covid-19.
covid-19 began to impact our business in mid-march 2020, the results of which are described in detail under results of operations below. the challenges posed by the covid-19 pandemic on the global economy increased rapidly at the end of the first quarter of 2020 and have continued through the date of this report, impacting our business in most geographies and across a variety of our customer types. waste management provides essential services to a diverse customer base and, as a result, many elements of our business are less exposed to variability. however, steps taken by national and local governments to slow the spread of the virus, including travel bans, prohibitions on group events and gatherings, shutdowns of certain businesses, curfews, stay-at-home orders and recommendations to practice social distancing resulted in revenue declines at our landfills, as well as decreased demand from our industrial and commercial collection customers. additionally, within the residential line of business, the cost to service our customers increased as stay-at-home orders and continuing work-from-home trends increased the waste we collect. while we have seen improvement in our landfill and industrial and commercial collection volumes from the lowest levels observed in april 2020, uncertainty continues in the pace of business and economic recovery as national and local governments respond to guidance from relevant authorities in response to changes in covid-19 statistics within local jurisdictions.
the company has proactively taken steps to put our employees' and customers' needs first and we continue to work with the appropriate regulatory agencies to ensure we can provide our essential services safely and efficiently. these
employees - we have prioritized the health, safety and financial security of our workforce. as local government bodies began to implement stay-at-home orders, and as business closures became more prevalent during the first half of 2020, key steps taken to benefit our workforce included (i) transitioning back-office employees to work-from-home; (ii) providing financial certainty to employees by temporarily guaranteeing all full-time hourly employees' compensation for a 40 hour work week regardless of covid-19 related service decreases; (iii) securing additional personal protective equipment to bolster the safety and security of our workplaces and (iv) guaranteeing elements of incentive compensation to certain employees to reflect our appreciation for their dedication and focus on executing well in the face of the pandemic. we continue to monitor covid-19 and remain committed to keeping our employees safe by following federal and local laws and regulations.
customers - our top priority with respect to our customers has been ensuring that essential waste service needs continue to be safely met despite the unprecedented changes encountered in their communities. during the initial months of the pandemic, we worked with customers impacted by the covid-19 pandemic to waive and suspend certain ancillary service charges, defer certain annual price increases, extend payment terms, adjust customer service levels and provide qualifying small and medium businesses with one month of free service upon re-opening. beginning in july, with communities and governments re-opening, social distancing and safety measures being adopted, and signs of an improving economy, we resumed fees and price increases in accordance with our contractual terms and our average yield improved as expected.
the above steps, combined with our disciplined execution in our daily operations, have positioned the company to prudently manage the challenges presented by the covid-19 pandemic. the fundamentals of the company continue to remain strong, and we have sufficient liquidity on hand to continue business operations during this volatile period.
revenues - during the year ended december 31, 2020, we experienced a negative impact to revenue that we attribute to reductions in customers' waste service needs as a result of covid-19. while it is very difficult to measure, we believe that the covid-19-related revenue loss was approximately $890 million. while the customer-centric steps discussed above have also contributed to this revenue decline, these impacts have been relatively immaterial to the overall revenue decline. as mentioned above, our volumes, particularly in our landfill and industrial and commercial collection lines of businesses, have improved from the lows experienced in april 2020, though the pace of volume recovery moderated during the fourth quarter of 2020 as local governments responded to recommendations from applicable authorities and changes in the covid-19 statistics.
operating expenses - volume-driven revenue declines and our strategic focus on proactive cost management led to a significant reduction in certain variable operating expenses. these reductions have been most significant in labor costs, where we have focused on developing an optimal work week that reduces overtime hours, and maintenance and repairs. the revenue declines due to the covid-19 pandemic have had a greater impact on our higher margin business lines and have negatively impacted our operating costs as a percentage of revenues. additionally, our operating expenses have been impacted by employee pay guarantees and increases in container weights in our residential collection line of business, which increased our overall cost to serve these customers. despite this, our proactive cost management efforts positioned us to hold our overall operating expenses as a percentage of revenues flat when compared with the prior year period.
selling, general and administrative expenses - covid-19 impacts on our customers and related customer receipts has led to an increase in the provision for bad debts for the year ended december 31, 2020. however, during the second half of 2020, we began to see an improvement in the provision for bad debts driven by successful collection efforts. additionally, during 2020 we incurred costs associated with transitioning back-office employees to a work-from-home environment and costs related to employee pay guarantees.
the ultimate impacts of covid-19 on our long-term outlook for the business will depend on future developments, including the duration of the pandemic and pace of economic recovery. these factors and their impacts on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows are uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time. we remain focused on the diligent and safe execution of our daily operations. additionally, we are focused on ensuring that we emerge from this pandemic a stronger, more differentiated company positioned as the service provider of choice for the long-term.
business environment the waste industry is a comparatively mature and stable industry. however, customers increasingly expect more of their waste materials to be recovered and those waste streams are becoming more complex. in addition, many state and local governments mandate diversion, recycling and waste reduction at the source and prohibit the disposal of certain types of waste at landfills. we monitor these developments to adapt our services offerings. as companies, individuals and communities look for ways to be more sustainable, we promote our comprehensive services that go beyond our core business of collecting and disposing of waste in order to meet their needs.
despite some industry consolidation in recent years, we encounter intense competition from governmental, quasi-governmental and private service providers based on pricing, service quality, customer experience and breadth of service offerings. our industry is directly affected by changes in general economic factors, including increases and decreases in consumer spending, business expansions and construction activity. these factors generally correlate to volumes of waste generated and impact our revenue. negative economic conditions, including the impact of covid-19, can and have caused customers to reduce their service needs. such negative economic conditions, in addition to competitor actions, can and have made it more challenging to implement our pricing strategy and negotiate, renew or expand service contracts with acceptable margins. we also encounter competition for acquisitions and growth opportunities. general economic factors and the market for consumer goods, in addition to regulatory developments, can also significantly impact commodity prices for the recyclable materials we sell. significant components of our operating expenses vary in correlation to changes in revenue due to volume. volume changes can fluctuate dramatically by line of business and decreases in volumes in higher margin businesses, such as what we have seen with covid-19, can impact key financial metrics. in this type of environment, we must dynamically manage our cost structure.
our financial results for the year ended december 31, 2020 reflect declines in our collection and disposal lines of business as a result of the negative impacts of covid-19. these impacts began in march 2020 and continued through the date of this report, although we began to experience improvement in volumes during the second half of 2020 when compared to the more acute impacts we experienced earlier in the year. given the ongoing pressures on the business from covid-19, we continue to take proactive steps to reduce costs and maximize cash flow. these steps include (i) optimizing our route structure to respond proactively to lower industrial and commercial collection volumes; (ii) limiting hiring and optimizing the existing workforce through improved retention and reduced turnover and (iii) reducing or eliminating certain non-essential costs and expenses like travel and entertainment. additionally, to enhance our liquidity, we are maintaining a disciplined focus on capital management by aligning additional investments with the revenue generation of the business, reducing capital spending on our landfill assets, and managing container capital in conjunction with our customers' volumes. we also elected to temporarily suspend additional share repurchases in 2020 after the first quarter.
covid-19 has also had impacts on the recycling line of business, including the creation of a short-term dislocation in the supply and demand dynamics for recycled commodities in the u.s. which increased market prices for certain commodities. despite this increase in market prices, we continue to invest and seek opportunities for cost improvement as we remain steadfast in our commitment to improve the profitability and returns of the recycling line of business in any economic environment. we have maintained our focus on converting to a fee-based pricing model that addresses the cost of processing materials and the impact on our cost structure to manage contamination in the recycling stream.
we believe that the company's industry-leading asset network and strategic focuses on investing in people and our digital platform will give the company the necessary tools to address the challenges presented by the covid-19 pandemic and the impacts on our industry. in line with our commitment to continuous improvement and a differentiated customer experience, we continue to accelerate our customer service digitalization initiative to change the way we interact with our customers. enhancements made through this initiative are designed to seamlessly and digitally connect all of the company's functions necessary to provide our customers the best experience and service.
current year financial results during 2020, we delivered solid operating income and cash flows despite revenue declines in our collection and disposal lines of business due to the covid-19 pandemic. we continue to take intentional steps to decrease our operating costs and eliminate discretionary selling, general and administrative expenses to mitigate the impact from the declines in our volumes. in addition to our focus on reducing certain costs, we took proactive steps to manage our capital spending. the company continued its commitment to supporting both organic and inorganic growth during 2020, with the highlight being the completion of our acquisition of advanced disposal. in total, the company allocated $1,632 million of available cash to capital expenditures and funded $4,088 million of acquisitions of solid waste businesses. we also allocated $1,329 million of available cash to our shareholders during 2020 through dividends and common stock repurchases.
●   revenues of $15,218 million for 2020 compared with $15,455 million in 2019, a decrease of $237 million, or 1.5%. the decline is primarily attributable to lower volumes in our collection and disposal businesses resulting from a reduction in customers' waste service needs due to the covid-19 pandemic, partially offset by (i) higher yield in our collection and disposal businesses; (ii) higher yield in our recycling business driven by higher commodity prices and (iii) acquisitions, net of divestitures, primarily due to the acquisition of advanced disposal;
●   operating expenses of $9,341 million in 2020, or 61.4% of revenues, compared with $9,496 million, or 61.4% of revenues, in 2019. the $155 million decrease is directly related to proactive steps taken to manage our variable costs in the lower volume environment. the revenue declines due to the covid-19 pandemic have had a greater impact on our higher margin business lines, which negatively impacted operating costs as a percentage of revenues. despite this, our proactive cost management efforts positioned us to hold our overall operating expenses as a percentage of revenues flat, when compared with the prior year period;
●   selling, general and administrative expenses of $1,728 million in 2020, or 11.4% of revenues, compared with $1,631 million, or 10.6% of revenues, in 2019. this increase of $97 million is primarily attributable to (i) increased acquisition-related costs; (ii) higher costs associated with investments in our digital platform; and (iii) costs incurred as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, including an increase in provision for bad debts. these cost increases were offset, in part, by (i) lower legal reserves; (ii) the proactive steps taken to reduce discretionary expenses and (iii) lower annual incentive compensation costs;
●   income from operations of $2,434 million, or 16.0% of revenues, in 2020 compared with $2,706 million, or 17.5% of revenues, in 2019. management has taken steps to control our costs in a period of volume decline, significantly mitigating the negative impact to our income from operations. however, the year-over-year comparison has been affected by (i) an increase in integration costs associated with our acquisition of advanced disposal; (ii) non-cash impairment charges of $61 million; (iii) higher depreciation and amortization expense which was primarily related to investments in capital assets, including trucks and facilities and (iv) investments we are making in our digital platform. these negative impacts were partially offset by a net divestiture gain of $33 million associated with the sale of net assets to gfl environmental in the fourth quarter;
●   net income attributable to waste management, inc. was $1,496 million, or $3.52 per diluted share, compared with $1,670 million, or $3.91 per diluted share, in the prior year period. in addition to the activity discussed above, net income in the current period was also impacted by an increase in net interest expense due to debt incurred to acquire advanced disposal. additionally, net income in the current period was favorably impacted by (i) a decrease in the cost of early extinguishment of debt; (ii) the unfavorable impact in 2019 of a $52 million impairment charge related to our minority-owned investment in a waste conversion technology business that was not deductible for tax purposes and (iii) lower income tax expense primarily attributable to lower income before income taxes;
●   net cash provided by operating activities was $3,403 million, compared with $3,874 million in the prior year period with the decline driven by (i) higher income tax payments related to the sale of assets to gfl environmental; (ii) increased interest payments and integration related spending due to our acquisition of advanced disposal; (iii) payments associated with investments we are making in our digital platform and (iv) lower earnings on our traditional solid waste business primarily caused by the impact of the covid-19
pandemic. these results were partially offset by cash benefits in the current year associated with the 2019 federal alternative fuel credits and
●   free cash flow was $2,656 million compared with $2,105 million in the prior year period. the increase in free cash flow is primarily due to (i) higher proceeds from the sale of net assets to gfl environmental and (ii) an intentional reduction in capital expenditures during the current year period to align with the lower volumes in our business. these positive impacts were partially offset by a decrease in net cash provided by operating activities noted above. free cash flow is a non-gaap measure of liquidity. refer to free cash flow within liquidity and capital resources for our definition of free cash flow, additional information about our use of this measure, and a reconciliation to net cash provided by operating activities, which is the most comparable gaap measure.
results of operations operating revenues our operating revenues set forth below are primarily generated from fees charged for our collection, transfer, disposal, and recycling and resource recovery services, and from sales of commodities by our recycling and landfill gas-to-energy operations. we also provide additional services that are not managed through our solid waste business, including both our wmsbs and ees businesses, recycling brokerage services, landfill gas-to-energy services and certain other expanded service offerings and solutions. the mix of operating revenues from our major lines of business is reflected in the table below for the year ended december 31 (in millions):
(a)   the "other" line of business includes (i) our wmsbs business; (ii) our landfill gas-to-energy operations; (iii) certain services within our ees business, including our construction and remediation services and our services associated with the disposal of fly ash and (iv) certain other expanded service offerings and solutions. in addition, our "other" line of business reflects the results of non-operating entities that provide financial assurance and self-insurance support for our solid waste business, net of intercompany activity. we have reclassified collection, landfill, transfer and recycling activity within our "other" line of business to the appropriate line of business for purposes of presentation in this table.
(b)   intercompany revenues between lines of business are eliminated in the consolidated financial statements included within this report.
the following table provides details associated with the period-to-period change in revenues and average yield for the year ended december 31 (dollars in millions):
recycling commodities (c)                    75                7.6                                                                (248)       (20.0)
acquisitions                                                                               248                1.7                                                           222              1.5
divestitures                                                                               (8)              (0.1)                                                         (104)            (0.7)
(a)   calculated by dividing the increase or decrease for the current year by the prior year's related business revenue adjusted to exclude the impacts of divestitures for the current year.
(b)   calculated by dividing the increase or decrease for the current year by the prior year's total company revenue adjusted to exclude the impacts of divestitures for the current year.
(c)   includes combined impact of commodity price variability and changes in fees.
average yield collection and disposal average yield - this measure reflects the effect on our revenue from the pricing activities of our collection, transfer and landfill operations, exclusive of volume changes. revenue growth from collection and disposal average yield includes not only base rate changes and environmental and service fee fluctuations, but also (i) certain average price changes related to the overall mix of services, which are due to the types of services provided; (ii) changes in average price from new and lost business and (iii) price decreases to retain customers.
our overall strategic pricing efforts that are focused on improving our average unit rate have proven to be effective, despite the covid-19 pandemic. during the second quarter of 2020, in order to support the continuity of our customers'
businesses, we made certain customer-centric pricing decisions, such as temporarily waiving and suspending certain ancillary service charges as well as delaying price increases in certain markets. these actions negatively impacted our year-to-date average yield. however, beginning in july 2020, we resumed fees and price increases in accordance with contractual terms and our average yield rebounded as expected.
recycling commodities - increases in the market prices for recycling commodities resulted in revenue growth of $75 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 as compared with prior year. decreases in the market prices for recycling commodities in 2019 resulted in a revenue decline of $248 million as compared to 2018. average market prices for recycling commodities at the company's facilities were 19% higher in 2020 compared to 2019 and 35% lower in 2019 compared to 2018. we saw a market price increase in 2020 driven by a short-term dislocation in supply and demand dynamics for recycled materials, largely due to covid-19 related decreases in the supply of recycled materials. while average market prices in 2020 were higher than 2019, we were at or below our overall historical average market price by the end of 2020. we continue to invest and seek opportunities for cost improvement as we remain steadfast in our commitment to improve the profitability and returns of the recycling line of business in any economic environment. we have maintained our focus on converting to a fee-based pricing model that addresses the cost of processing materials and the impact on our cost structure to manage contamination in the recycling stream.
fuel surcharges and mandated fees -these fees, which are predominantly generated by our fuel surcharge program, declined $151 million and $22 million for 2020 and 2019, respectively, as compared with the prior year periods. these revenues are based on, and fluctuate in response to changes in the national average prices for diesel fuel. given the downturn in oil and gas markets, market prices for diesel fuel decreased approximately 16% and 4% for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, compared with the prior year periods. additionally, we transitioned certain customers' pricing away from a fuel surcharge, reflecting the cost of fuel in the base rates we charge for our services, which further contributed to the year-over-year decline.
volume our revenues from volume (excluding volumes from acquisitions and divestitures) decreased $692 million, or 4.5%, and increased $346 million, or 2.3%, for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, as compared with the prior year periods.
beginning in march 2020, and continuing throughout the date of this report, our industrial and commercial collection and landfill businesses experienced significant volume declines as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. while we have seen some improvement in our landfill and industrial and commercial collection volumes from the lowest levels observed in april 2020, our volumes continue to be meaningfully below prior year, particularly in special waste at the landfill, project-driven work in the industrial collection business and certain commercial and collection customer segments. uncertainty continues with respect to the pace of business and economic recovery as local governments continue to respond to recommendations from applicable authorities and changes in the covid-19 statistics. additionally, while natural disaster clean-up efforts benefited our 2019 volumes, they were inconsequential to our results for the year ended december 31, 2020. the preceding decreases in volume-related revenues have been partially offset by volume increases in our wm renewable energy business which grew in 2020 as a result of a new renewable energy facility coming online, and our continued focus on a differentiated service model for national accounts customers.
we experienced higher volumes throughout 2019 when compared to 2018 due to our focus on customer service and disciplined growth, combined with favorable market conditions in our collection and disposal business. we experienced significant volume growth with existing customers, particularly in our commercial collection business as a result of proactive efforts taken to work with our customers as their needs expanded to identify service upgrade opportunities. our event-driven projects in our special waste business and growth in our municipal solid waste business contributed to our landfill volume growth in 2019. furthermore, our wmsbs business experienced favorable volume growth in 2019. the
operating expenses our operating expenses are comprised of (i) labor and related benefits costs (excluding labor costs associated with maintenance and repairs discussed below), which include salaries and wages, bonuses, related payroll taxes, insurance and benefits costs and the costs associated with contract labor; (ii) transfer and disposal costs, which include tipping fees paid to third-party disposal facilities and transfer stations; (iii) maintenance and repairs costs relating to equipment, vehicles and facilities and related labor costs; (iv) subcontractor costs, which include the costs of independent haulers who transport waste collected by us to disposal facilities and are affected by variables such as volumes, distance and fuel prices; (v) costs of goods sold, which includes the cost to purchase recycling materials for our recycling line of business, including certain rebates paid to suppliers; (vi) fuel costs, net of tax credits for alternative fuel, which represent the costs of fuel and oil to operate our truck fleet and landfill operating equipment; (vii) disposal and franchise fees and taxes, which include landfill taxes, municipal franchise fees, host community fees, contingent landfill lease payments and royalties; (viii) landfill operating costs, which include interest accretion on landfill liabilities, interest accretion on and discount rate adjustments to environmental remediation liabilities and recovery assets, leachate and methane collection and treatment, landfill remediation costs and other landfill site costs; (ix) risk management costs, which include general liability, automobile liability and workers' compensation claims programs costs and (x) other operating costs, which include gains and losses on sale of assets, telecommunications, equipment and facility lease expenses, property taxes, utilities and supplies. variations in volumes year-over-year, as discussed above in operating revenues, in addition to cost inflation, affect the comparability of the components of our operating expenses.
labor and related benefits                       $2,746        18.1   %            $2,791        18.0   %            $2,703        18.1   %
as discussed above in operating revenues, year-over-year decreases in our landfill and industrial and commercial collection volumes, primarily due to the impacts of covid-19, have significantly impacted the year ended december 31, 2020. the declines in most operating expense categories during the reported periods are directly related to proactive steps taken to manage our variable costs in the lower volume environment. the revenue declines due to the covid-19 pandemic have had a greater impact on our higher margin business lines and have negatively impacted operating costs as a percentage of revenues. in addition, our operating expenses as a percentage of revenues was impacted by our acquisition of advanced disposal as the acquired business's operating cost structure is higher than ours, because we are early in our integration and synergy realization processes and we have incurred certain one-time, upfront costs
needed to support integration. despite this, our proactive cost management efforts positioned us to hold our overall operating expenses as a percentage of revenues flat when compared with the prior year periods.
significant items affecting the comparison of operating expenses between reported periods include:
labor and related benefits - the decrease in labor and related benefits costs in 2020 as compared with 2019 was largely driven by decreases in volume in our industrial and commercial collection businesses. our proactive steps positioned us to optimize our route structure to respond to lower industrial and commercial collection volumes. additionally, the decrease was attributable to (i) improved efficiency; (ii) lower headcount due to employee attrition coupled with proactive steps to defer hiring due to covid-19 driven uncertainty and (iii) lower annual incentive compensation. these decreases were offset, in part, by annual merit increases and the addition of employees as a result of our acquisition of advanced disposal. the increase in labor and related benefits costs in 2019 as compared with 2018 was driven by (i) volume growth in our collection and disposal business; (ii) merit increases and (iii) cost inflation. these cost increases were offset, in part, by lower bonus costs related to a one-time plan established in early 2018 targeted at improving employee retention.
transfer and disposal costs - the decrease in transfer and disposal costs in 2020 as compared with 2019 was largely driven by volume declines in our industrial and commercial collection businesses as a result of covid-19 offset, in part, by additional disposal costs attributable to our acquisition of advanced disposal. the increase in transfer and disposal costs in 2019 as compared with 2018, was driven by overall volume growth in our collection and disposal business and, to a lesser extent, cost inflation.
maintenance and repairs - the decrease in maintenance and repairs costs in 2020 as compared with 2019 was largely driven by proactive steps to optimize routes and reduce overtime hours to address the volume declines discussed above. this decline in costs was partially offset by additional costs incurred to make investments in the fleet acquired as part of the advanced disposal acquisition. additionally, there has been an increasing trend in our maintenance and repairs costs during the reported periods due to (i) inflationary cost pressures for both company and third-party services due to demand for skilled technician labor as well as for parts and supplies; (ii) higher per unit costs required for an increasingly automated fleet in the residential line of business and (iii) our focus on making upgrades to our operating facilities. the comparisons are also impacted by a $16 million non-cash charge to write off certain equipment costs related to our other segment recognized in 2019.
subcontractor costs - the decrease in subcontractor costs in 2020 as compared to 2019 was largely driven by covid-19 related volume declines in our industrial collection business and projects ending or scaling down during 2020 in our ees business. the decrease was offset, in part, by an increase in business activity in our wmsbs business which relies more extensively on subcontracted hauling than our collection and disposal business. the increase in subcontractor costs in 2019 as compared to 2018 was primarily driven by (i) volume growth in our collection and disposal business, largely attributable to a significant contract executed in the second half of 2017 that generated incremental volumes in 2019; (ii) volume growth in our wmsbs and ees businesses and (iii) cost inflation related to capacity constraints of our subcontractors in certain markets.
cost of goods sold - costs in 2020 were flat when compared to 2019 in spite of an increase in commodity prices, largely due to lower recycling volumes as a result of covid-19. additionally, a higher percentage of our overall recycled commodity sales were targeted at domestic markets, resulting in lower freight costs. the decrease in cost of goods sold in 2019 as compared with 2018 was primarily driven by lower market prices for recycling commodities and by lower costs due to the sale of certain ancillary operations in the second quarter of 2018.
fuel - the decrease in fuel costs in 2020 as compared with 2019 was primarily due to (i) a decline in market prices for diesel fuel; (ii) lower costs resulting from the continued conversion of our fleet to natural gas vehicles and (iii) volume declines. the decreases were offset, in part, by (i) lower federal alternative fuel credits and (ii) additional costs attributable to our acquisition of advanced disposal. the decrease in fuel costs in 2019 as compared with 2018 was due to (i) the recognition of two years of federal alternative fuel credits in 2019 compared to a single year of credits in 2018 due to the
timing of government action providing for the benefits attributable to each period; (ii) lower costs resulting from the continued conversion of our fleet to natural gas vehicles and (iii) lower market prices for diesel fuel.
disposal and franchise fees and taxes - the decrease in disposal and franchise fees and taxes in 2020 as compared to 2019 was primarily related to lower volumes in our landfill line of business, largely driven by the impact of covid-19. the decreases were offset, in part, by additional costs attributable to our acquisition of advanced disposal. the increase in disposal and franchise fees and taxes in 2019 as compared with 2018 was primarily related to higher volumes in our landfill line of business.
landfill operating costs - the increase in landfill operating costs in 2020 as compared with 2019 was primarily due to higher leachate management costs compared to the prior year and additional costs attributable to our acquisition of advanced disposal. this increase was offset, in part, by decreases attributable to lower volumes at our landfills. the increase in landfill operating costs in 2019 as compared with 2018 was primarily due to higher leachate management costs driven largely by inclement weather in certain parts of north america and increased ongoing site maintenance costs. additionally, 2020 and 2019 were impacted by decreases in the risk-free discount rate used in the measurement of our environmental remediation obligations and recovery assets due to decreases in u.s. treasury rates. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
risk management - risk management costs were relatively flat in 2020 as compared with 2019. the increase in risk management costs in 2019 as compared with 2018 was primarily due to an increase in claims expense as a result of growth in the business and cost inflation.
other - net gains on sales of certain assets during each year impacted the comparability of the reported periods.
selling, general and administrative expenses our selling, general and administrative expenses consist of (i) labor and related benefits costs, which include salaries, bonuses, related insurance and benefits, contract labor, payroll taxes and equity-based compensation; (ii) professional fees, which include fees for consulting, legal, audit and tax services; (iii) provision for bad debts, which includes allowances for uncollectible customer accounts and collection fees and (iv) other selling, general and administrative expenses, which include, among other costs, facility-related expenses, voice and data telecommunication, advertising, bank charges, computer costs, travel and entertainment, rentals, postage and printing. in addition, the financial impacts of litigation reserves generally are included in our "other" selling, general and administrative expenses.
labor and related benefits          $1,057        6.9   %          $1,020        6.6   %            $957       6.4   %
selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended december 31, 2020 have increased due to (i) incremental costs of approximately $150 million incurred in connection with the acquisition and integration of advanced disposal; (ii) strategic investments in our digital platform, including planned investments in a new enterprise resource planning system and accelerated investments in customer service digitalization and (iii) an increase in the provision for bad debts due to negative impacts on customer receipts experienced as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. in addition to the cost increases, selling, general and administrative expenses as a percent of revenue have increased in 2020 due to the decline in volume-related revenues.
we consistently manage our costs, particularly those incurred for discretionary initiatives, to ensure that we are optimizing our customer service, back-office effectiveness and profitability. as a result of the declines in revenue from the covid-19 pandemic, we specifically focused on reducing costs for advertising, travel and entertainment and professional fees other than those specifically tied to strategic initiatives. the decreases in selling, general and administrative expenses from these proactive steps have been more than offset by the items discussed above.
significant items affecting the comparison of our selling, general and administrative expenses between reported periods include:
labor and related benefits - the increase in labor and related benefits costs in 2020 compared with 2019 was largely due to (i) costs incurred in connection with our acquisition of advanced disposal including severance costs and additional headcount; (ii) annual merit increases and (iii) costs associated with the strategic investments in our digital platform. these cost increases were offset, in part, by (i) lower annual incentive compensation and (ii) proactive steps undertaken to defer hiring and reduce labor related costs. the increase in labor and related benefits costs in 2019 compared with 2018 was primarily due to (i) an increase in headcount, merit increases and higher incentive compensation and (ii) increased contract labor costs driven by planned investments in our digital platform.
professional fees - the increases in professional fees over the reported periods were primarily driven by consulting fees incurred in connection with the acquisition and integration of advanced disposal and strategic investments in our digital platform.
provision for bad debts - the increase in the provision for bad debts in 2020 compared with 2019 was primarily due to increased collection risk associated with certain customers as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. however, we were encouraged to see an overall improvement in customer account collections during the second half of 2020 when compared to the first half of the year. the decrease in provision for bad debts in 2019 compared with 2018 was due to the collection of certain fully reserved receivables and higher prior year bad debt expense associated with the bankruptcy of a strategic customer.
other - the decrease in other expenses in 2020 compared with 2019 was primarily due to lower litigation costs and proactive measures taken to reduce discretionary costs, such as travel and entertainment, company-wide. these cost decreases were offset, in part, by increased technology infrastructure costs in 2020, which we expect to continue as we make strategic investments in our digital platform. we also incurred one-time technology costs in the first half of 2020 to transition employees to work-from-home in response to the covid-19 pandemic. the increase in other expenses in 2019 compared with 2018 was principally driven by higher litigation reserves and increased infrastructure costs associated with investments in our digital platform.
the increase in depreciation of tangible property and equipment in 2020, compared with 2019, was primarily related to (i) investments in capital assets, including trucks and facilities and (ii) additional depreciation attributable to our acquisition of advanced disposal. the decrease in amortization of landfill airspace in 2020 compared with 2019 was driven by (i) lower volumes at our landfills, primarily as a result of the covid-19 pandemic and (ii) a decrease in the inflation rate used to estimate capping, closure and post-closure asset retirement obligations from 2.5% to 2.25% at
december 31, 2020. these decreases were offset, in part, by charges to reflect changes in estimated landfill construction costs and our acquisition of advanced disposal.
our amortization of intangible assets was flat in 2020, compared with 2019. the increased expense for intangible assets acquired as part of the acquisition of advanced disposal was offset, primarily by decreases for certain customer list assets reaching the end of their lives.
the increase in depreciation of tangible property and equipment in 2019 compared with 2018 was primarily related to higher capital expenditures due to an intentional focus on accelerating certain fleet and landfill spending to support the company's strong collection and disposal growth. the increase in amortization of landfill airspace in 2019 compared with 2018 was driven by higher volumes at our landfills and changes in landfill estimates.
restructuring during the year ended december 31, 2020, we recognized $9 million of restructuring charges primarily related to modifying our field sales and customer services structures to better support our investment in customer service digitalization, which is discussed above.
(gain) loss from divestitures, asset impairments and unusual items, net the following table summarizes the major components of (gain) loss from divestitures, asset impairments and unusual items, net for the year ended december 31 (in millions):
gain from divestitures, net         $(33)          $-       $(96)
gain from divestitures, net - as discussed further in note 18 to the consolidated financial statements, we and advanced disposal entered into an agreement that provided for gfl environmental to acquire a combination of assets from us and advanced disposal to address divestitures required by the u.s. department of justice. immediately following the closing of the advanced disposal acquisition on october 30, 2020, the transactions contemplated by the divestiture agreement were consummated and the company subsequently received cash proceeds from the sale of $856 million. we recognized a net gain of $33 million on our net assets divested, primarily within our tier 2 segment.
energy services asset impairments - during the second quarter of 2020, the company tested the recoverability of certain energy services assets in our tier 1 segment. indicators of impairment included (i) the sharp downturn in oil demand that has led to a significant decline in oil prices and production activities, which we project will have long-term impacts on the utilization of our assets and (ii) significant shifts in our business, including increases in competition and customers choosing to bury waste on site versus in a landfill, reducing our revenue outlook. the company determined that the carrying amount of the asset group was not fully recoverable. as a result, we recognized $41 million of non-cash impairment charges primarily related to two landfills and an oil field waste injection facility in our tier 1 segment. we wrote down the net book value of these assets to their estimated fair value using an income approach based on estimated future cash flow projections (level 3). the aggregate fair value of the impaired asset group was $8 million as of june 30, 2020. the company tested the recoverability of an additional $239 million in energy services assets and determined that the carrying amount was recoverable as of june 30, 2020. no new indicators of impairment were identified during the second half of 2020.
other impairments -we recognized a $20 million non-cash impairment charge in our tier 3 segment due to management's decision to close a landfill once its constructed airspace is filled and abandon any remaining permitted
airspace, which was considered an impairment indicator. we determined the carrying value was not recoverable, and we wrote off the entire net book value of the asset using an income approach based on estimated future cash flow projections (level 3). the impairment charge was comprised of $12 million related to the carrying value of the asset and $8 million related to the acceleration of the expected timing of capping, closure and post-closure activities, which is discussed further in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements.
additionally, we recognized $7 million of net charges primarily related to non-cash impairments of certain assets within our wm renewable energy business in our other segment. we determined the carrying values of the assets were not recoverable, and we wrote off their entire net carrying value using an income approach based on estimated future cash flow projections (level 3).
during the year ended december 31, 2019, we recognized asset impairments of $42 million, related to (i) $27 million of goodwill impairment charges, of which $17 million related to our ees business, and $10 million related to our lamptracker® reporting unit and (ii) $15 million of asset impairment charges primarily related to certain solid waste operations.
during the year ended december 31, 2018, we recognized net gains of $58 million, primarily related to (i) a $52 million gain associated with the sale of certain collection and disposal operations in tier 1 and (ii) net gains of $44 million substantially all from divestitures of certain ancillary operations. these gains were partially offset by (i) a $30 million charge to impair a landfill in tier 3 based on an internally developed discounted projected cash flow analysis, taking into account continued volume decreases and revised capping cost estimates and (ii) $8 million of impairment charges primarily related to our lamptracker® reporting unit.
see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to the accounting policy and analysis involved in identifying and calculating impairments.
(a)   "other" includes (i) our wmsbs business; (ii) those elements of our landfill gas-to-energy operations and third-party subcontract and administration revenues managed by our ees and wm renewable energy businesses that are not included in the operations of our reportable segments; (iii) our recycling brokerage services and (iv) certain other expanded service offerings and solutions. in addition, our "other" segment reflects the results of non-operating entities that provide financial assurance and self-insurance support for our solid waste business, net of intercompany activity.
(b)   corporate operating results reflect certain costs incurred for various support services that are not allocated to our reportable segments. these support services include, among other things, treasury, legal, digital, tax, insurance,
centralized service center processes, other administrative functions and the maintenance of our closed landfills. income from operations for "corporate and other" also includes costs associated with our long-term incentive program and any administrative expenses or revisions to our estimated obligations associated with divested operations.
(c)   in 2020, we revised allocations between our segments including (i) the discontinuation of certain allocations from corporate and other to solid waste and (ii) allocating certain insurance costs from other to solid waste. reclassifications have been made to our prior period information for comparability purposes.
solid waste - the most significant items affecting the results of operations of our solid waste business during the three years ended december 31, 2020 are summarized below:
the following items affected 2020 when compared to 2019:
●   income from operations for 2020 decreased on a year-over-year basis for all tiers due to the overall negative impact of the covid-19 pandemic resulting in revenue declines from lower volumes and higher depreciation and amortization expense which was primarily related to investments in capital assets, including trucks and facilities. the declines were partially offset by (i) higher yield in our collection and disposal businesses; (ii) the benefit of resumed fees and price increases; (iii) lower operating costs directly related to our proactive steps taken to manage our variable costs in the lower volume environment and (iv) a net divestiture gain of $33 million associated with the sale of net assets to gfl environmental, primarily within our tier 2 segment.
●   additionally, income from operations for our tier 1 segment was impacted by $41 million of non-cash asset impairment charges primarily related to two landfills and an oil field waste injection facility. income from operations for our tier 3 segment was impacted by a $20 million non-cash impairment charge related to management's decision to close a landfill once its constructed airspace is filled and abandon any remaining permitted airspace. furthermore, in 2019, our tier 2 segment benefited from the clean-up efforts of natural disasters primarily in california and similar efforts did not recur in 2020.
the following items affected 2019 when compared to 2018:
●   income from operations for our collection and disposal business experienced strong operating results, primarily driven by (i) internal revenue growth; (ii) acquisitions and divestitures and (iii) decreased fuel costs due in part to a year-over-year increase in federal natural gas fuel credits.
however, the following items negatively impacted our results from operations and resulted in lower income from operations in 2019 when compared with 2018:
●   (i) higher operating costs, driven by increased volumes, higher depreciation related to new collection fleet and higher labor, maintenance and repair costs; (ii) lower recycling commodity prices and (iii) asset impairments.
other - income from operations for the other segment for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared with 2019 was favorably impacted primarily by (i) an increase in revenue in our wm renewable energy business as a result of a new renewable energy facility coming online which drove an increase in commodity sales; (ii) an increase in revenue for our wmsbs business as a result of newly executed national account contracts and (iii) an increase in revenue in our recycling brokerage business.
in 2019 compared with 2018, lower income from operations is a result of (i) net gains from divestitures of certain ancillary operations in the prior year period of $44 million; (ii) $27 million of goodwill impairment charges, of which $17 million related to our ees business and $10 million related to our lamptracker® reporting unit; (iii) lower commodity
prices in 2019 associated with our wm renewable energy business; (iv) a $16 million non-cash charge to write off certain equipment costs in 2019 and (v) an increase in claims expense as a result of growth in the business and cost inflation.
corporate and other - the most significant items affecting the results of operations for corporate and other during the three years ended december 31, 2020 are summarized below:
the following items affected 2020 when compared with 2019:
●   the decrease in income from operations was driven by increased expenses as a result of (i) our acquisition and integration of advanced disposal; (ii) investments we are making in our digital platform; (iii) incremental costs associated with covid-19 pandemic and (iv) higher long-term incentive compensation costs. these increased expenses were offset, in part, by (i) lower annual incentive compensation and (ii) lower litigation reserves.
the following items affected 2019 when compared with 2018:
●   the decrease in income from operations was driven by increased expenses as a result of (i) higher consulting fees, largely due to the investments we are making in our people and digital platform; (ii) higher litigation reserves; (iii) preparation for our acquisition of advanced disposal and (iv) a decrease in the risk-free discount rate used in the measurement of our environmental remediation obligations and recovery assets in 2019. additionally, we recognized higher incentive compensation costs during 2019.
interest expense, net our interest expense, net was $425 million, $411 million and $374 million in 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. the increase in interest expense, net for 2020 was primarily attributable to decreases in interest income resulting from lower cash and cash equivalents balances, due to the redemption of $3.0 billion of senior notes with a special mandatory redemption feature (the "smr notes") in july 2020 as discussed below in loss on early extinguishment of debt, net. partially offsetting the decreases in interest income were favorable impacts due to a lower interest rate on our commercial paper borrowings as a result of the favorable interest rate environment in 2020 compared to 2019. the increase in 2019 compared with 2018 is primarily attributable to our may 2019 issuance of $4.0 billion senior notes, partially offset by related increases in interest income as a result of higher cash and cash equivalents balances.
in the third quarter of 2019, we elected to refund and reissue $99 million of tax-exempt bonds, which resulted in the recognition of a $1 million loss on early extinguishment of debt in our consolidated statement of operations.
in july 2020, we recognized a $52 million loss on early extinguishment of debt in our consolidated statement of operations related to the mandatory redemption of the smr notes. the loss includes $30 million of premiums paid and $22 million of unamortized discounts and debt issuance costs. pursuant to the terms of the smr notes, we were required to redeem all of such outstanding notes paying debt holders 101% of the aggregate principal amounts of such notes, plus accrued but unpaid interest, as a result of the advanced disposal acquisition not being completed by july 14, 2020. accordingly, the redemption was completed on july 20, 2020 using available cash on hand and, to a lesser extent,
during the fourth quarter of 2020, we repaid the outstanding borrowings under our 364-day revolving credit facility and contemporaneously terminated the facility, at which time we recognized a $2 million loss on early extinguishment of debt in our consolidated statement of operations related to unamortized debt issuance costs.
at the time of acquisition, advanced disposal had outstanding $425 million of 5.625% senior notes due november 2024. in november 2020, we redeemed the notes pursuant to an optional redemption feature upon which we recognized a $1 million gain on early extinguishment of debt in our consolidated statement of operations due to the difference in carrying value and redemption price.
equity in net losses of unconsolidated entities we recognized equity in net losses of unconsolidated entities of $68 million, $55 million and $41 million in 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. the losses for each period are primarily related to our noncontrolling interests in entities established to invest in and manage low-income housing properties. we generate tax benefits, including tax credits, from the losses incurred from these investments, which are discussed further in note 9 to the consolidated financial statements. additionally, the 2019 periods include losses associated with our investment in a refined coal facility. in 2020, the entity that holds and manages our ownership interest in the refined coal facility sold a majority of its assets resulting in a $7 million non-cash impairment charge at that time.
other, net we recognized other, net income of $5 million and $2 million in 2020 and 2018, respectively, compared to other, net expense of $50 million in 2019. in 2019, we recognized a $52 million non-cash impairment charge related to our minority-owned investment in a waste conversion technology business. we wrote down our investment to its estimated fair value as the result of recent third-party investor's transactions in these securities. the fair value of our investment was not readily determinable; thus, we determined the fair value utilizing a combination of quoted price inputs for the equity in our investment (level 2) and certain management assumptions pertaining to investment value (level 3).
income tax expense we recorded income tax expense of $397 million, $434 million and $453 million in 2020, 2019 and 2018 respectively, resulting in effective income tax rates of 20.9%, 20.6% and 19.0% for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. the comparability of our income tax expense for the reported periods has been primarily affected by the following:
●   investments qualifying for federal tax credits - our low-income housing properties and refined coal facility investments reduced our income tax expense by $87 million, $96 million and $57 million, primarily due to tax credits realized from these investments for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. see note 19 for additional information related to these unconsolidated variable interest entities;
●   other federal tax credits - during 2020, 2019 and 2018, we recognized federal tax credits in addition to the tax credits realized from our investments in low-income housing properties and the refined coal facility, resulting in a reduction in our income tax expense of $7 million, $11 million and $10 million, respectively;
●   non-deductible transaction costs - during 2020 and 2019, we recognized the detrimental tax impact of $27 million and $10 million, respectively, of non-deductible transaction costs related to our acquisition of advanced disposal. the tax rules require the capitalization of certain facilitative costs on the acquisition of stock of a company resulting in the applicable costs not being deductible for tax purposes;
●   equity-based compensation - during 2020, 2019 and 2018, we recognized excess tax benefits related to the vesting or exercise of equity-based compensation awards resulting in a reduction in our income tax expense of $27 million, $25 million and $17 million, respectively;
●   state net operating losses and credits - during 2020, 2019 and 2018, we recognized state net operating losses and credits resulting in a reduction in our income tax expense of $12 million, $14 million and $22 million, respectively;
●   tax audit settlements - we file income tax returns in the u.s. and canada, as well as other state and local jurisdictions. we are currently under audit by various taxing authorities and our audits are in various stages of completion. during the reported periods, we settled various tax audits, which resulted in a reduction in our income tax expense of $10 million, $2 million and $40 million for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively;
●   enactment of tax reform - in accordance with applicable accounting guidance, the company recognized the provisional tax impacts and subsequent measurement period adjustments related to the remeasurement of our deferred income tax assets and liabilities and the one-time, mandatory transition tax on deemed repatriation of previously tax-deferred and unremitted foreign earnings, resulting in a reduction in our income tax expense of $12 million for the year ended december 31, 2018.
landfill and environmental remediation discussion and analysis we owned or operated 263 solid waste landfills and five secure hazardous waste landfills as of december 31, 2020 and 244 solid waste landfills and five secure hazardous waste landfills as of december 31, 2019. for these landfills, the following table reflects changes in capacity, as measured in tons of waste, for the year ended december 31 and remaining airspace, measured in cubic yards of waste, as of december 31 (in millions):
remaining                                      remaining permitted       expansion          total       permitted       expansion          total capacity        capacity       capacity        capacity        capacity       capacity balance as of beginning of year (in tons)                                    4,754             200          4,954           4,762             220          4,982
acquisitions, divestitures, newly permitted landfills and closures   259             14                       273   27                          -             27
expansion permits granted (b)                                        44                       (44)              -   57                       (57)              -
(a)   amounts reflected here relate to the combined impacts of (i) new expansions pursued; (ii) increases or decreases in the airspace being pursued for ongoing expansion efforts; (iii) adjustments for differences between the airspace being pursued and airspace granted and (iv) decreases due to decisions to no longer pursue expansion permits, if any.
(b)   we received expansion permits at four of our landfills during 2020 and seven of our landfills during 2019, demonstrating our continued success in working with municipalities and regulatory agencies to expand the disposal airspace of our existing landfills.
(c)   changes in engineering estimates can result in changes to the estimated available remaining airspace of a landfill or changes in the utilization of such landfill airspace, affecting the number of tons that can be placed in the future. estimates of the amount of waste that can be placed in the future are reviewed annually by our engineers and are based on a number of factors, including standard engineering techniques and site-specific factors such as current and projected mix of waste type; initial and projected waste density; estimated number of years of life remaining; depth of underlying waste; anticipated access to moisture through precipitation or recirculation of landfill leachate and operating practices. we continually focus on improving the utilization of airspace through efforts that may include recirculating landfill leachate where allowed by permit; optimizing the placement of daily cover materials and increasing initial compaction through improved landfill equipment, operations and training.
# of           total         tons per        # of         total         tons per sites         tons(a)              day       sites          tons              day solid waste landfills                                                                                              263   (b)   112,729              413         244       120,556              443
(b)   in 2020, we (i) acquired 24 landfills upon our acquisition of advanced disposal; (ii) divested two landfills; (iii) closed one landfill and (iv) closed two landfills operated under lease agreements. these landfill acquisition and divestiture totals do not include 16 landfills acquired through our acquisition of advanced disposal which were immediately sold pursuant to the divestiture agreement.
(c)   these amounts include 1.7 million tons and 1.3 million tons as of december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, that were received at our landfills but were not amortized as they were used for beneficial purposes and generally were redirected from the permitted airspace to other areas of the landfill. waste types that are frequently identified for beneficial use include green waste for composting and clean dirt for on-site construction projects.
when a landfill we own or operate receives certification of closure from the applicable regulatory agency, we generally transfer the management of the site, including any remediation activities, to our environmental legacy management group. as of december 31, 2020, our environmental legacy management group managed 221 closed landfills, including eight closed landfills acquired from advanced disposal.
based on remaining permitted airspace as of december 31, 2020 and projected annual disposal volume, the weighted average remaining landfill life for all of our owned or operated landfills is approximately 38 years. many of our landfills have the potential for expanded airspace beyond what is currently permitted. we monitor the availability of permitted airspace at each of our landfills and evaluate whether to pursue an expansion at a given landfill based on estimated future disposal volume, disposal prices, construction and operating costs, remaining airspace and likelihood of obtaining an expansion permit. we are seeking expansion permits at 15 of our landfills that meet the expansion criteria outlined in the critical accounting estimates and assumptions - landfills section below. although no assurances can be made that all future expansions will be permitted or permitted as designed, the weighted average remaining landfill life for all owned or operated landfills is approximately 40 years when considering remaining permitted airspace, expansion airspace and projected annual disposal volume.
the number of landfills owned or operated as of december 31, 2020, segregated by their estimated operating lives based on remaining permitted and expansion airspace and projected annual disposal volume, was as follows:
as of december 31, 2020, we have 17 landfills which are not currently accepting waste. during the year ended december 31, 2020, we performed tests of recoverability for five of these landfills with an aggregate net recorded capitalized landfill asset cost of $304 million, for which the undiscounted expected future cash flows resulting from our probability-weighted estimation approach exceeded the carrying values. we did not perform recoverability tests for the remaining 12 landfills as the net recorded capitalized landfill asset cost was not material.
landfill assets - we capitalize various costs that we incur to prepare a landfill to accept waste. these costs generally include expenditures for land (including the landfill footprint and required landfill buffer property), permitting, excavation, liner material and installation, landfill leachate collection systems, landfill gas collection systems, environmental monitoring equipment for groundwater and landfill gas, directly related engineering, capitalized interest, and on-site road construction and other capital infrastructure costs. the cost basis of our landfill assets also includes estimates of future costs associated with landfill final capping, closure and post-closure activities, which are discussed further below.
capital additions                                                         546                  -                             546
asset retirement obligations incurred and capitalized                      83                  -                              83
acquisitions                                                              607                  -                             607
as of december 31, 2020, we estimate that we will spend approximately $664 million in 2021, and approximately $1.3 billion in 2022 and 2023 combined, for the construction and development of our landfill assets. the specific timing of landfill capital spending is dependent on future events and spending estimates are subject to change due to fluctuations in landfill waste volumes, changes in environmental requirements and other factors impacting landfill operations.
landfill and environmental remediation liabilities - as we accept waste at our landfills, we incur significant asset retirement obligations, which include liabilities associated with landfill final capping, closure and post-closure activities. these liabilities are accounted for in accordance with authoritative guidance on accounting for asset retirement obligations and are discussed in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements. we also have liabilities for the remediation of properties that have incurred environmental damage, which generally was caused by operations or for damage caused by
conditions that existed before we acquired operations or a site. we recognize environmental remediation liabilities when we determine that the liability is probable and the estimated cost for the likely remedy can be reasonably estimated.
the changes to landfill and environmental remediation liabilities for the year ended december 31, 2020 are reflected in the table below (in millions):
obligations incurred and capitalized                                         83                     -
acquisitions, divestitures and other adjustments (c)                        245                     -
(a)   the amount reported for our landfill liabilities includes a reduction of $104 million related to the change in inflation rate from 2.5% to 2.25% as of december 31, 2020, of which $26 million was an immediate reduction to amortization expense. this reduction to landfill liabilities was partially offset by (i) an increase of $69 million primarily from changes in the timing and amount of costs as well as changes in estimates of remaining airspace and (ii) an increase of $8 million due to a business decision to close one of our landfills, which resulted in the acceleration of the expected timing of capping, closure and post-closure activities. this business decision also resulted in an impairment that is discussed in note 12 to the consolidated financial statements.
(b)   the amount reported for our environmental remediation liabilities includes an increase of $9 million due to a decrease in the risk-free discount rate used to measure our liabilities from 1.75% at december 31, 2019 to 1.00% at december 31, 2020.
(c)   the amount reported for our landfill liabilities includes (i) $261 million related to our acquisition of advanced disposal offset by (ii) a reduction of $17 million for the sale of certain landfills to gfl environmental in connection with the advanced disposal acquisition. these items are discussed further in note 18 to the consolidated financial statements.
interest accretion on landfill liabilities                                                                                $103           $98            $95
interest accretion on and discount rate adjustments to environmental remediation liabilities and recovery assets             9            13            (2)
other landfill site costs                                                                                                   92            91             75
●   the amortization of landfill capital costs, including (i) costs that have been incurred and capitalized and (ii) estimated future costs for landfill development and construction required to develop our landfills to their remaining permitted and expansion airspace; and
●   the amortization of asset retirement costs arising from landfill final capping, closure and post-closure obligations, including (i) costs that have been incurred and capitalized and (ii) projected asset retirement costs.
amortization expense is recorded on a units-of-consumption basis, applying cost as a rate per ton. the rate per ton is calculated by dividing each component of the amortizable basis of a landfill (net of accumulated amortization) by the number of tons needed to fill the corresponding asset's remaining permitted and expansion airspace. landfill capital costs and closure and post-closure asset retirement costs are generally incurred to support the operation of the landfill over its entire operating life and are, therefore, amortized on a per-ton basis using a landfill's total permitted and expansion airspace. final capping asset retirement costs are related to a specific final capping event and are, therefore, amortized on a per-ton basis using each discrete final capping event's estimated permitted and expansion airspace. accordingly, each landfill has multiple per-ton amortization rates.
different per-ton amortization rates are applied at each of our 268 landfills, and per-ton amortization rates vary significantly from one landfill to another due to (i) inconsistencies that often exist in construction costs and provincial, state and local regulatory requirements for landfill development and landfill final capping, closure and post-closure activities and (ii) differences in the cost basis of landfills that we develop versus those that we acquire. accordingly, our landfill airspace amortization expense measured on a per-ton basis can fluctuate due to changes in the mix of volumes we receive across the company each year. in addition, amortization expense for 2020 includes approximately $11 million related to approximately 1.2 million tons received at landfills acquired as part of our advanced disposal transaction.
liquidity and capital resources the company consistently generates cash flow from operations that meets and exceeds our working capital needs, payment of our dividends and investment in the business through capital expenditures and tuck-in acquisitions. we continually monitor our actual and forecasted cash flows, our liquidity and our capital resources, enabling us to plan for our present needs and fund unbudgeted business requirements that may arise during the year. additionally, the company continually takes actions to manage costs and capital spending without compromising long-term strategic priorities. recent actions include route optimization initiatives, reducing overtime hours, limiting hiring and optimizing our workforce through improved retention and reduced turnover, reducing non-essential selling, general and administrative expenses and lowering capital expenditures to a level that is consistent with volume changes driven by covid-19. the company believes that its investment grade credit ratings, large value of unencumbered assets and modest leverage enable it to obtain adequate financing to meet its ongoing capital, operating, strategic and other liquidity requirements.
cash and cash equivalents - the decrease in cash and cash equivalents during 2020 is primarily due to funding our acquisition of advanced disposal in october 2020 as discussed above in acquisition of advanced disposal, inc.
debt - we use long-term borrowings in addition to the cash we generate from operations as part of our overall financial strategy to support and grow our business. we primarily use senior notes and tax-exempt bonds to borrow on a long-term basis, but we also use other instruments and facilities, when appropriate. the components of our borrowings as of december 31, 2020 are described in note 7 to the consolidated financial statements.
as of december 31, 2020, we had $3.3 billion of debt maturing within the next 12 months, including (i) $1.8 billion of short-term borrowings under our commercial paper program; (ii) $1.2 billion of tax-exempt bonds with term interest rate periods that expire within the next 12 months, which is prior to their scheduled maturities, and (iii) $242 million of other debt with scheduled maturities within the next 12 months, including $127 million of tax-exempt bonds. as of december 31, 2020, we have classified $2.7 billion of debt maturing in the next 12 months as long-term because we have the intent and ability to refinance these borrowings on a long-term basis as supported by the forecasted available capacity under our $3.5 billion long-term u.s. and canadian revolving credit facility ("$3.5 billion revolving credit facility"), as discussed below. the remaining $551 million of debt maturing in the next 12 months is classified as current obligations.
as of december 31, 2020, we also had $54 million of variable-rate tax-exempt bonds with long-term scheduled maturities supported by letters of credit under our $3.5 billion revolving credit facility. the interest rates on our variable rate tax-exempt bonds are generally reset on either a daily or weekly basis through a remarketing process. all recent tax-exempt bond remarketings have successfully placed company bonds with investors at market-driven rates and we currently expect future remarketings to be successful. however, if the remarketing agent is unable to remarket our bonds, the remarketing agent can put the bonds to us. in the event of a failed remarketing, we have the availability under our $3.5 billion revolving credit facility to fund these bonds until they are remarketed successfully. accordingly, we have classified the $54 million of variable-rate tax-exempt bonds with maturities of more than one year as long-term in our consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2020.
the net proceeds from these debt issuances were $2.48 billion and were used to term out our funding of the advanced disposal acquisition, to redeem our $400 million aggregate principal amount of 4.60% senior notes due march 2021, including $5 million of accrued but unpaid interest, and for general corporate purposes. see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for more information related to the debt transactions.
we have credit lines in place to support our liquidity and financial assurance needs. the following table summarizes our outstanding letters of credit, categorized by type of facility as of december 31 (in millions):
revolving credit facility (a)             $270          $412
other letter of credit lines (b)           566           532
(a)   as of december 31, 2020, we had an unused and available credit capacity of $1.4 billion.
(b)   as of december 31, 2020, these other letter of credit lines are uncommitted with terms extending through april 2022.
guarantor financial information wm holdings has fully and unconditionally guaranteed all of wm's senior indebtedness. wm has fully and unconditionally guaranteed all of wm holdings' senior indebtedness. none of wm's other subsidiaries have guaranteed any of wm's or wm holdings' debt. in lieu of providing separate financial statements for the subsidiary issuer and guarantor (wm and wm holdings), we have presented the accompanying supplemental summarized combined balance sheet and income statement information for wm and wm holdings on a combined basis after elimination of intercompany transactions between wm and wm holdings and amounts related to investments in any subsidiary that is a non-guarantor (in millions):
current liabilities                446
noncurrent liabilities:
other noncurrent liabilities                11,202
summary of cash flow activity the following is a summary of our cash flows for the years ended december 31 (in millions):
net cash provided by operating activities                 $3,403                 $3,874       $3,570
net cash used in investing activities                     $(4,847)             $(2,376)       $(2,169)
net cash (used in) provided by financing activities       $(1,559)               $1,964       $(1,508)
net cash provided by operating activities - our operating cash flows decreased by $471 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, as compared with the prior year period, as a result of (i) higher income tax payments related to a taxable gain on the sale of advanced disposal assets to gfl environmental; (ii) increased interest payments and integration related spending due to our acquisition of advanced disposal; (iii) payments associated with investments we are making in our digital platform and (iv) to a lesser extent, lower earnings on our traditional solid waste business primarily caused by the impact of the covid-19 pandemic. these results were partially offset by cash benefits in the current year associated with the 2019 federal alternative fuel credits.
our operating cash flows increased by $304 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, as compared with the prior year period, as a result of (i) higher earnings in the current year period primarily associated with our collection and disposal business; (ii) lower bonus payments; (iii) lower income tax payments of $57 million and (iv) net favorable changes in our operating assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions and divestitures, offset slightly by higher interest payments in the current year period primarily due to our may 2019 issuance of senior notes.
net cash used in investing activities - the most significant items affecting the comparison of our investing cash flows for the periods presented are summarized below:
●   acquisitions - our spending on acquisitions was $4,088 million, $527 million and $466 million in 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively, of which $4,085 million, $521 million and $460 million, respectively, are considered cash used in investing activities. the remaining spend is financing or operating activities related to the timing of contingent consideration paid. substantially all of these acquisitions are related to our solid waste business. our acquisition spending in 2020 and 2019 is primarily attributable to advanced disposal and petro waste environmental lp, respectively. see note 18 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. we continue to focus on accretive acquisitions and growth opportunities that will enhance and expand our existing service offerings.
●   capital expenditures - we used $1,632 million, $1,818 million and $1,694 million for capital expenditures in 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. the company continues to maintain a disciplined focus on capital management to prioritize investments in the long-term growth of our business and for the replacement of aging assets; however, in 2020 we took proactive steps to reduce the amount of capital spending required due to the decrease in volumes as a result of covid-19.
●   proceeds from divestitures - proceeds from divestitures of businesses and other assets (net of cash divested) were $885 million, $49 million and $208 million in 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. in 2020, our proceeds included $856 million related to the sale of net assets to gfl environmental. in 2019 and 2018, $8 million and $153 million of these divestitures, respectively, were made as a part of our continuous focus on improving or divesting certain non-strategic or underperforming businesses. the remaining amounts in 2020, 2019 and 2018 generally related to the sale of fixed assets.
●   other, net - our spending within other, net was $15 million, $86 million, and $223 million in 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. during 2020 and 2019, we used $14 million and $44 million, respectively, of cash from restricted cash and cash equivalents to invest in available-for-sale securities. we also used $20 million in 2019 to make an initial cash payment associated with a low-income housing investment. in 2019, these items were partially offset by cash proceeds from the redemption of our preferred stock received in conjunction with the 2014 sale of our puerto rico operations. the activity in 2018 was primarily due to changes in our investments portfolio associated with our wholly-owned insurance captive from restricted cash and cash equivalents to available-for-sale securities.
net cash (used in) provided by financing activities - the most significant items affecting the comparison of our financing cash flows for the periods presented are summarized below:
revolving credit facility                              $50                  $-                $119
364-day revolving credit facility (a)                           3,000             -                 -
canadian term loan and revolving credit facility                    -             -           8
revolving credit facility                              $(50)                $(11)             $(108)
364-day revolving credit facility (a)                         (3,000)             -                 -
canadian term loan and revolving credit facility                    -             -                 (117)
(a)   in november 2020, we terminated this facility contemporaneously with repayment of all outstanding borrowings with proceeds from our november 2020 senior notes issuance.
refer to note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to our debt borrowings and repayments.
●   commercial paper program - during 2020 and 2018, we had net cash borrowings of $1,808 million and $453 million, respectively, compared to net cash repayments of $1,001 million during 2019, under our commercial paper program. borrowings incurred in 2020 were used for the redemption of the smr notes and to partially fund our acquisition of advanced disposal. borrowings incurred in 2019 were primarily to support acquisitions and for general corporate purposes. we repaid the outstanding balance in the second quarter of 2019 with proceeds from the may 2019 issuance of senior notes discussed above.
●   common stock repurchase program - for the periods presented, all share repurchases have been made in accordance with financial plans approved by our board of directors. we repurchased $402 million, $244 million, and $1,008 million (including $4 million paid in january 2019) of our common stock during 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
we announced in december 2020 that the board of directors has authorized up to $1.35 billion in future share repurchases, which supersedes and replaces remaining authority under any prior board of directors' authorization for share repurchases. any future share repurchases will be made at the discretion of management and will depend on factors similar to those considered by the board of directors in making dividend declarations.
in december 2020, we announced that our board of directors expects to increase the quarterly dividend from $0.545 to $0.575 per share for dividends declared in 2021. however, all future dividend declarations are at the discretion of the board of directors and depend on various factors, including our net earnings, financial condition, cash required for future business plans, growth and acquisitions and other factors the board of directors may deem relevant.
free cash flow we are presenting free cash flow, which is a non-gaap measure of liquidity, in our disclosures because we use this measure in the evaluation and management of our business. we define free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities, less capital expenditures, plus proceeds from divestitures of businesses and other assets (net of cash divested). we believe it is indicative of our ability to pay our quarterly dividends, repurchase common stock, fund acquisitions and other investments and, in the absence of refinancings, to repay our debt obligations. free cash flow is not intended to replace net cash provided by operating activities, which is the most comparable gaap measure. we believe free cash flow gives investors useful insight into how we view our liquidity, but the use of free cash flow as a liquidity measure has material limitations because it excludes certain expenditures that are required or that we have committed to, such as declared dividend payments and debt service requirements.
our calculation of free cash flow and reconciliation to net cash provided by operating activities is shown in the table below for the year ended december 31 (in millions), and may not be calculated the same as similarly-titled measures presented by other companies:
net cash provided by operating activities                                                     $3,403              $3,874              $3,570
capital expenditures                                                                         (1,632)             (1,818)             (1,694)
proceeds from divestitures of businesses and other assets (net of cash divested)                 885                  49                 208
summary of contractual obligations the following table summarizes our contractual obligations as of december 31, 2020 and the anticipated effect of these obligations on our liquidity in future years (in millions):
expected environmental liabilities: (a)
estimated unconditional purchase obligations (g)                   160             147             133             114               100       454                        1,108
anticipated liquidity impact as of december 31, 2020            $2,805          $1,451          $1,341          $1,145            $2,045       $15,497             $24,284
(a)   environmental liabilities include final capping, closure, post-closure and environmental remediation costs recorded in our consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2020, without the impact of discounting and inflation. our recorded environmental liabilities for final capping, closure and post-closure will increase as we continue to place additional tons within the permitted airspace at our landfills.
(b)   these amounts represent the scheduled principal payments based on their contractual maturities related to our long-term debt and financing leases, excluding interest.
(c)   our debt obligations as of december 31, 2020 include $1.2 billion of tax-exempt bonds with term interest rate periods that expire within the next 12 months, which is prior to their scheduled maturities. if the remarketings of our bonds are unsuccessful, then the bonds can be put to us, requiring immediate repayment. we have classified the anticipated cash flows for these contractual obligations based on the scheduled maturity of the borrowings for purposes of this disclosure. for additional information regarding the classification of these borrowings in our consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2020, refer to note 7 to the consolidated financial statements.
(d)   our recorded debt obligations include non-cash adjustments associated with debt issuance costs, discounts, premiums and fair value adjustments attributable to terminated interest rate derivatives. these amounts have been excluded as they will not impact our liquidity in future periods.
(e)   our unrecorded obligations represent purchase commitments from which we expect to realize an economic benefit in future periods and interest payable on our debt. we have also made certain guarantees, as discussed in note 11 to the consolidated financial statements, that we do not expect to materially affect our current or future financial position, results of operations or liquidity.
(g)   our unconditional purchase obligations are for various contractual obligations that we generally incur in the ordinary course of our business. certain of our obligations are quantity driven. for contracts that require us to purchase minimum quantities of goods or services, we have estimated our future minimum obligations based on the current market values of the underlying products or services or contractually stated amounts. accordingly, the amounts reported in the table are subject to change and actual cash flow obligations in the near future may be different. see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for discussion of the nature and terms of our unconditional purchase obligations.
critical accounting estimates and assumptions in preparing our financial statements, we make numerous estimates and assumptions that affect the accounting for and recognition and disclosure of assets, liabilities, equity, revenues and expenses. we must make these estimates and assumptions because certain information that we use is dependent on future events, cannot be calculated with precision from available data or simply cannot be calculated. in some cases, these estimates are difficult to determine, and we must exercise significant judgment. in preparing our financial statements, the most difficult, subjective and complex estimates and the assumptions that present the greatest amount of uncertainty relate to our accounting for landfills, environmental remediation liabilities, long-lived asset impairments, the fair value of assets and liabilities acquired in business combinations or as asset acquisitions and reserves associated with our insured and self-insured claims. each of these items is discussed in additional detail below and in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements. actual results could differ materially from the estimates and assumptions that we use in the preparation of our financial statements.
landfills accounting for landfills requires that significant estimates and assumptions be made regarding (i) the cost to construct and develop each landfill asset; (ii) the estimated fair value of final capping, closure and post-closure asset retirement obligations, which must consider both the expected cost and timing of these activities; (iii) the determination of each landfill's remaining permitted and expansion airspace and (iv) the airspace associated with each final capping event.
landfill costs - we estimate the total cost to develop each of our landfill sites to its remaining permitted and expansion airspace. this estimate includes such costs as landfill liner material and installation, excavation for airspace, landfill leachate collection systems, landfill gas collection systems, environmental monitoring equipment for groundwater and landfill gas, directly related engineering, capitalized interest, on-site road construction and other capital infrastructure costs. additionally, landfill development includes all land purchases for the landfill footprint and required landfill buffer property. the projection of these landfill costs is dependent, in part, on future events. the remaining amortizable basis of each landfill includes costs to develop a site to its remaining permitted and expansion airspace and includes amounts previously expended and capitalized, net of accumulated airspace amortization, and projections of future purchase and development costs.
final capping costs - we estimate the cost for each final capping event based on the area to be capped and the capping materials and activities required. the estimates also consider when these costs are anticipated to be paid and factor in inflation and discount rates. our engineering personnel allocate landfill final capping costs to specific final capping events. the landfill airspace associated with each final capping event is then quantified and the final capping costs for each event are amortized over the related airspace associated with the event as waste is disposed of at the landfill. we review these costs annually, or more often if significant facts change. changes in estimates, such as timing or cost of construction, for final capping events immediately impact the required liability and the corresponding asset. when the change in estimate relates to a fully consumed asset, the adjustment to the asset must be amortized immediately through expense. when the change in estimate relates to a final capping event that has not been fully consumed, the adjustment to the asset is recognized in income prospectively as a component of landfill airspace amortization.
closure and post-closure costs - we base our estimates for closure and post-closure costs on our interpretations of permit and regulatory requirements for closure and post-closure monitoring and maintenance. the estimates for landfill closure and post-closure costs also consider when the costs are anticipated to be paid and factor in inflation and discount rates. the possibility of changing legal and regulatory requirements and the forward-looking nature of these types of costs make any estimation or assumption less certain. changes in estimates for closure and post-closure events immediately impact the required liability and the corresponding asset. when the change in estimate relates to a fully consumed asset, the adjustment to the asset must be amortized immediately through expense. when the change in estimate relates to a landfill asset that has not been fully consumed, the adjustment to the asset is recognized in income prospectively as a component of landfill airspace amortization.
remaining permitted airspace - our engineers, in consultation with third-party engineering consultants and surveyors, are responsible for determining remaining permitted airspace at our landfills. the remaining permitted airspace
expansion airspace - we also include currently unpermitted expansion airspace in our estimate of remaining permitted and expansion airspace in certain circumstances. first, to include airspace associated with an expansion effort, we must generally expect the initial expansion permit application to be submitted within one year and the final expansion permit to be received within five years. second, we must believe that obtaining the expansion permit is likely, considering the following criteria:
●   there are no significant known technical, legal, community, business, or political restrictions or similar issues that could negatively affect the success of such expansion; and
●   financial analysis has been completed based on conceptual design, and the results demonstrate that the expansion meets company criteria for investment.
for unpermitted airspace to be initially included in our estimate of remaining permitted and expansion airspace, the expansion effort must meet all the criteria listed above. these criteria are evaluated by our field-based engineers, accountants, managers and others to identify potential obstacles to obtaining the permits. once the unpermitted airspace is included, our policy provides that airspace may continue to be included in remaining permitted and expansion airspace even if certain of these criteria are no longer met as long as we continue to believe we will ultimately obtain the permit, based on the facts and circumstances of a specific landfill. in these circumstances, continued inclusion must be approved through a landfill-specific review process that includes approval by our chief financial officer on a quarterly basis.
when we include the expansion airspace in our calculations of remaining permitted and expansion airspace, we also include the projected costs for development, as well as the projected asset retirement costs related to final capping, closure and post-closure of the expansion in the amortization basis of the landfill.
once the remaining permitted and expansion airspace is determined in cubic yards, an airspace utilization factor ("auf") is established to calculate the remaining permitted and expansion capacity in tons. the auf is established using the measured density obtained from previous annual surveys and is then adjusted to account for future settlement. the amount of settlement that is forecasted will take into account several site-specific factors including current and projected mix of waste type, initial and projected waste density, estimated number of years of life remaining, depth of underlying waste, anticipated access to moisture through precipitation or recirculation of landfill leachate and operating practices. in addition, the initial selection of the auf is subject to a subsequent multi-level review by our engineering group and the auf used is reviewed on a periodic basis and revised as necessary. our historical experience generally indicates that the impact of settlement at a landfill is greater later in the life of the landfill when the waste placed at the landfill approaches its highest point under the permit requirements.
after determining the costs and remaining permitted and expansion capacity at each of our landfills, we determine the per ton rates that will be expensed as waste is received and deposited at the landfill by dividing the costs by the corresponding number of tons. we calculate per ton amortization rates for each landfill for assets associated with each final capping event, for assets related to closure and post-closure activities and for all other costs capitalized or to be capitalized in the future. these rates per ton are updated annually, or more often, as significant facts change.
it is possible that actual results, including the amount of costs incurred, the timing of final capping, closure and post-closure activities, our airspace utilization or the success of our expansion efforts could ultimately turn out to be significantly different from our estimates and assumptions. to the extent that such estimates, or related assumptions, prove to be significantly different than actual results, lower profitability may be experienced due to higher amortization rates or higher expenses; or higher profitability may result if the opposite occurs. most significantly, if it is determined that expansion capacity should no longer be considered in calculating the recoverability of a landfill asset, we may be required
to recognize an asset impairment or incur significantly higher amortization expense. if at any time management makes the decision to abandon the expansion effort, the capitalized costs related to the expansion effort are expensed immediately.
environmental remediation liabilities a significant portion of our operating costs and capital expenditures could be characterized as costs of environmental protection. the nature of our operations, particularly with respect to the construction, operation and maintenance of our landfills subjects us to an array of laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment. under current laws and regulations, we may have liabilities for environmental damage caused by operations, or for damage caused by conditions that existed before we acquired a site. these liabilities include prp investigations, settlements, and certain legal and consultant fees, as well as costs directly associated with site investigation and clean up, such as materials, external contractor costs and incremental internal costs directly related to the remedy. we provide for expenses associated with environmental remediation obligations when such amounts are probable and can be reasonably estimated. we routinely review and evaluate sites that require remediation and determine our estimated cost for the likely remedy based on a number of estimates and assumptions.
where it is probable that a liability has been incurred, we estimate costs required to remediate sites based on site-specific facts and circumstances. we routinely review and evaluate sites that require remediation, considering whether we were an owner, operator, transporter, or generator at the site, the amount and type of waste hauled to the site and the number of years we were associated with the site. next, we review the same type of information with respect to other named and unnamed prps. estimates of the costs for the likely remedy are then either developed using our internal resources or by third-party environmental engineers or other service providers. internally developed estimates are based on:
●   management's judgment and experience in remediating our own and unrelated parties' sites;
●   the number, financial resources and relative degree of responsibility of other prps who may be liable for remediation of a specific site; and
fair value of nonfinancial assets and liabilities significant estimates are made in determining the fair value of long-lived tangible and intangible assets (i.e., property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and goodwill) during the impairment evaluation process. in addition, the majority of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination are required to be recognized at fair value under the relevant accounting guidance.
property and equipment, including landfills and definite-lived intangible assets - we monitor the carrying value of our long-lived assets for potential impairment on an ongoing basis and test the recoverability of such assets generally using significant unobservable ("level 3") inputs whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. these events or changes in circumstances, including management decisions pertaining to such assets, are referred to as impairment indicators. if an impairment indicator occurs, we perform a test of recoverability by comparing the carrying value of the asset or asset group to its undiscounted expected future cash flows. if cash flows cannot be separately and independently identified for a single asset, we will determine whether an impairment has occurred for the group of assets for which we can identify the projected cash flows. if the carrying values are in excess of undiscounted expected future cash flows, we measure any impairment by comparing the fair value of the asset or asset group to its carrying value and the difference is recorded in the period that the impairment indicator occurs. fair value is generally determined by considering (i) internally developed discounted projected cash flow analysis of the asset or asset group; (ii) actual third-party valuations and/or (iii) information available regarding the current market for similar assets. estimating future cash flows requires significant judgment and projections may vary from the cash flows eventually realized, which could impact our ability to accurately assess whether an asset has been impaired.
the assessment of impairment indicators and the recoverability of our capitalized costs associated with landfills and related expansion projects require significant judgment due to the unique nature of the waste industry, the highly regulated permitting process and the sensitive estimates involved. during the review of a landfill expansion application, a regulator may initially deny the expansion application although the expansion permit is ultimately granted. in addition, management may periodically divert waste from one landfill to another to conserve remaining permitted landfill airspace, or a landfill may be required to cease accepting waste, prior to receipt of the expansion permit. however, such events occur in the ordinary course of business in the waste industry and do not necessarily result in impairment of our landfill assets because, after consideration of all facts, such events may not affect our belief that we will ultimately obtain the expansion permit. as a result, our tests of recoverability, which generally make use of a probability-weighted cash flow estimation approach, may indicate that no impairment loss should be recorded.
indefinite-lived intangible assets, including goodwill - at least annually, and more frequently if warranted, we assess the indefinite-lived intangible assets including the goodwill of our reporting units for impairment using level 3 inputs.
we first performed a qualitative assessment to determine if it was more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit was less than its carrying value. if the assessment indicated a possible impairment, we completed a quantitative review, comparing the estimated fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying amount, including goodwill. an impairment charge was recognized if the asset's estimated fair value was less than its carrying amount. fair value is typically estimated using an income approach. however, when appropriate, we may also use a market approach. the income approach is based on the long-term projected future cash flows of the reporting units. we discount the estimated cash flows to present value using a weighted average cost of capital that considers factors such as market assumptions, the timing of the cash flows and the risks inherent in those cash flows. we believe that this approach is appropriate because it provides a fair value estimate based upon the reporting units' expected long-term performance considering the economic and market conditions that generally affect our business. the market approach estimates fair value by measuring the aggregate market value of publicly-traded companies with similar characteristics to our business as a multiple of their reported earnings. we then apply that multiple to the reporting units' earnings to estimate their fair values. we believe that this approach may also be appropriate in certain circumstances because it provides a fair value estimate using valuation inputs from entities with operations and economic characteristics comparable to our reporting units.
fair value is computed using several factors, including projected future operating results, economic projections, anticipated future cash flows, comparable marketplace data and the cost of capital. there are inherent uncertainties related to these factors and to our judgment in applying them in our analysis. however, we believe our methodology for estimating the fair value of our reporting units is reasonable.
acquisitions - in accordance with the purchase method of accounting, the purchase price paid for an acquisition is allocated to the assets and liabilities acquired based upon their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date, with the excess of the purchase price over the net assets acquired recorded as goodwill. when we are in the process of valuing all of the assets and liabilities acquired in an acquisition, there can be subsequent adjustments to our estimates of fair value and resulting preliminary purchase price allocation.
see item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - (gain) loss from divestitures, asset impairments and unusual items, net.
insured and self-insured claims we have retained a significant portion of the risks related to our health and welfare, general liability, automobile liability and workers' compensation claims programs. the exposure for unpaid claims and associated expenses, including incurred but not reported losses, are based on an actuarial valuations and internal estimates. the accruals for these liabilities could be revised if future occurrences or loss developments significantly differ from our assumptions used. estimated recoveries associated with our insured claims are recorded as assets when we believe that the receipt of such amounts is probable.
we use a wholly-owned insurance captive to insure the deductibles for our general liability, automobile liability and workers' compensation claims programs. we continue to maintain conventional insurance policies with third-party insurers. in addition to certain business and operating benefits of having a wholly-owned insurance captive, we expect to receive certain cash flow benefits related to the timing of tax deductions related to these claims. wm pays an annual premium to the insurance captive, typically in the first quarter of the year, for estimated losses based on an external actuarial analysis. these premiums are held in a restricted escrow account to be used solely for paying insurance claims, resulting in a transfer of risk from wm to the insurance captive, and are allocated between current and long-term assets in our consolidated balance sheets depending on timing on the use of funds.
off-balance sheet arrangements we have financial interests in unconsolidated variable interest entities as discussed in note 19 to the consolidated financial statements. additionally, we are party to guarantee arrangements with unconsolidated entities as discussed in the guarantees section of note 11 to the consolidated financial statements. these arrangements have not materially affected our financial position, results of operations or liquidity during the year ended december 31, 2020, nor are they expected to have a material impact on our future financial position, results of operations or liquidity.
inflation while inflationary increases in costs can affect our income from operations margins, we believe that inflation generally has not had, and in the near future is not expected to have, any material adverse effect on our results of operations. however, as of december 31, 2020, approximately 34% of our collection revenues are generated under long-term agreements with price adjustments based on various indices intended to measure inflation. additionally, management's estimates associated with inflation have had, and will continue to have, an impact on our accounting for landfill and environmental remediation liabilities.