We rely on information technology systems throughout our company to keep financial records and customer data, process orders, manage inventory, coordinate shipments to customers, maintain confidential and proprietary information, assist in semiconductor engineering and other technical activities and operate other critical functions such as internet connectivity, network communications and email. Our information technology systems may be susceptible to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to power outages, hardware failures, telecommunication failures, user errors, catastrophes or other unforeseen events. If we were to experience a prolonged disruption in the information technology systems that involve our internal communications or our interactions with customers or suppliers, it could result in the loss of sales and customers and significant incremental costs, which could adversely affect our business. We may also be subject to security breaches caused by computer viruses, illegal break-ins or hacking, sabotage, or acts of vandalism by third parties. Our security measures or those of our third party service providers may not detect or prevent security breaches. In addition, we provide our confidential and proprietary information to our third-party business partners in certain cases where doing so is necessary to conduct our business. While we employ confidentiality agreements to protect such information, nonetheless those third parties may also be subject to security breaches or otherwise compromise the protection of such information. Security breaches of our information technology systems or those of our partners could result in the misappropriation or unauthorized disclosure of confidential and proprietary information belonging to us or to our employees, partners, customers or suppliers, which could result in our suffering significant financial or reputational damage. Our future success depends upon our ability to execute our business strategy, continue to innovate, improve our existing products, design, develop, produce and market new products, and identify and enter new markets. We believe that a continued commitment to research and development is essential to maintain product leadership with our existing products as well as to provide innovative new product offerings, and therefore, we expect to continue to make significant R&D investments in the future. Our growth is dependent on our continued ability to identify and penetrate new markets where we have limited experience and competition is intense. We face intense technological and pricing competition in the semiconductor industry, and we expect this competition to increase in the future, including from companies located outside the United States. Many companies have sufficient financial, manufacturing, technical, sales and marketing resources to develop and market products that compete with our products. Our products generally must conform to various evolving and sometimes competing industry standards, which may adversely affect our ability to compete in certain markets or require us to incur significant costs. Any inability to satisfy customer quality and reliability standards or comply with industry standards and technical requirements may adversely affect demand for our products and our results of operations. We rely on third-party suppliers, subcontractors and manufacturers for some industry-standard wafers, manufacturing processes, assembly and test services, and transportation, and we generally cannot control their availability or conditions of supply. If our suppliers are unable or unwilling to manufacture and deliver components to us on the time schedule and of the quality or quantity that we require or provide us with required manufacturing processes, we may be forced to seek to engage additional or replacement suppliers, which could result in additional expenses and delays in product development or shipment of product to our customers.