Our businesses host, collect, use and store large amounts of personal information about our clients and employees of our clients, including payroll information, healthcare information, personal and business financial data, social security numbers, bank account numbers, tax information and other sensitive personal and business information. We are focused on ensuring our operating environments safeguard and protect personal and business information, and although we believe that we maintain a robust program of information security and controls and none of the threats that we have encountered to date have materially impacted us, the impact of a breach could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We rely heavily on our payroll, financial, accounting, and other data processing systems. If any of these systems fails to operate properly or becomes disabled even for a brief period of time, we could suffer financial loss, a disruption of our businesses, liability to clients, regulatory intervention, or damage to our reputation. Our focus on product innovation and improvements in salesforce productivity led to growth in new business bookings. We continually upgrade, enhance, and expand our existing solutions and services. If we fail to respond successfully to technology challenges, the demand for our services may diminish. We invest our client funds in liquid, investment-grade marketable securities, money market securities, and other cash equivalents. Our client funds investment strategy is structured to allow us to average our way through an interest rate cycle by laddering the maturities of our investments out to five years and out to ten years. We believe that the separation of the dealer services business will allow both companies to focus on their respective businesses, industries, and strategic opportunities, and we will further direct our attention and resources to our mission and three strategic pillars discussed below. Our mission is to help organizations unlock their business potential with our insightful solutions. We seek to embrace new technology and innovation to deliver market leading products and services that meet the needs of our clients across all of our markets. Our strategic pillars are to grow our integrated suite of cloud-based HCM, benefits, and payroll solutions to serve the U.S. market; invest to grow and scale our HR business process outsourcing solutions by leveraging our platforms and processes; and leverage our global presence to offer clients HCM, benefits, and payroll solutions where they do business. Our results during fiscal 2014 continue to reflect the strength of our underlying business model, including the diversity of our client base and products. We have disaster recovery, business continuity, and crisis management plans and procedures designed to protect our businesses against a multitude of events including natural disasters, military or terrorist actions, power or communication failures, or similar events. Despite our preparations, our plans may not be successful in preventing the loss of client data, service interruptions, disruptions to our operations, or damage to our important facilities. We have a strong business model with a high percentage of recurring revenues, excellent margins, the ability to generate consistent, healthy cash flows, strong client retention, and low capital expenditure requirements. Our investment strategy is supported by our short-term financing arrangements necessary to satisfy short-term funding requirements relating to client funds obligations. We have established credit quality, maturity, and exposure limits for our investments. The minimum allowed credit rating at time of purchase for corporate and Canadian provincial bonds is BBB, for asset-backed securities is AAA, and for municipal bonds is A. We utilize a strategy by which we extend the maturities of our investment portfolio for funds held for clients and employ short-term financing arrangements to satisfy our short-term funding requirements related to client funds obligations.