Our performance is highly dependent on the successful operation of our generation, transmission and distribution facilities. Operating these facilities involves many risks, including information technology failure that impairs our information technology infrastructure or disrupts normal business operations. Information technology failure that affects our ability to access customer information or causes us to lose confidential or proprietary data that materially and adversely affects our reputation or exposes us to legal claims is a significant concern. We own assets deemed as critical infrastructure, the operation of which is dependent on information technology systems. The computer systems that run our facilities are not completely isolated from external networks, making them potential targets for cyber attacks. A successful cyber attack on the systems that control our generation, transmission, distribution or other assets could severely disrupt business operations, preventing us from serving customers or collecting revenues. The breach of certain business systems could affect our ability to correctly record, process and report financial information. A major cyber incident could result in significant expenses to investigate and repair security breaches or system damage and could lead to litigation, fines, other remedial action, heightened regulatory scrutiny and damage to our reputation. We maintain cyber insurance to cover liabilities and losses directly arising from a potential cyber event. However, damage and claims arising from such incidents may exceed the amount of any insurance available and other damage and claims arising from such incidents may not be covered at all. For these reasons, a significant cyber incident could reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition. In an effort to reduce the likelihood and severity of cyber intrusions, we have a comprehensive cyber security program designed to protect and preserve the confidentiality, integrity and availability of data and systems. However, cyber threats continue to evolve and adapt, and, as a result, there is a risk that we could experience a successful cyber attack despite our current security posture and regulatory compliance efforts. Our financial performance may be adversely affected if we are unable to successfully operate our facilities or perform certain corporate functions. We are exposed to risks related to mandatory reliability standards, including mandatory cyber security standards. Compliance with new reliability standards may subject us to higher operating costs and/or increased capital expenditures. While we expect to recover costs and expenditures from customers through regulated rates, there can be no assurance that the applicable commissions will approve full recovery in a timely manner. If we were found not to be in compliance with the mandatory reliability standards, we could be subject to sanctions, including substantial monetary penalties, which likely would not be recoverable from customers through regulated rates. Our ability to obtain adequate and timely recovery of costs associated with our operations is not assured. The different regional power markets in which we compete or will compete in the future have changing market and transmission structures, which could affect our performance in these regions. The rules governing the various regional power markets may also change from time to time which could affect our costs or revenues. The manner in which regional transmission organizations will evolve remains unclear, and we are unable to assess fully the impact that changes in these power markets may have on our business.