In the ordinary course of business, we face risks that are either nonfinancial or unquantifiable, including credit risk and legal risk. Our invested assets are primarily held as cash and cash equivalents, which are subject to various market risk exposures such as interest rate risk. We estimated market risk as the potential impact on the value of the private placement long-term debt recorded in our consolidated balance sheet resulting from hypothetical changes in our weighted average borrowing rate. We are subject to foreign currency exchange rate risk primarily from our larger U.K.-based brokerage subsidiaries that incur expenses denominated primarily in British pounds while receiving a substantial portion of their revenues in U.S. dollars. We manage the balance sheets of our foreign subsidiaries, where practical, such that foreign liabilities are matched with equal foreign assets, maintaining a "balanced book" which minimizes the effects of currency fluctuations. Our consolidated financial position is exposed to foreign currency exchange risk related to intra-entity loans between our U.S.-based subsidiaries and our non-U.S.-based subsidiaries that are denominated in the respective local foreign currency. We periodically purchased financial instruments when market opportunities arose to minimize our exposure to this risk. We entered into a foreign currency derivative investment contract in connection with the signing of the agreement to acquire the Crombie/Oamps operations, designed to hedge a portion of the purchase price consideration of this acquisition. Our operations include providing insurance brokerage and risk management services to a wide variety of commercial, industrial, institutional, and governmental organizations. We believe that one of our major strengths is our ability to deliver comprehensively structured insurance and risk management services to our clients. We generate approximately 68% of our revenues for the combined brokerage and risk management segments domestically, with the remaining 32% derived internationally. We expect that our international revenue will continue to grow as a percentage of our total revenues, given the number and size of the non-U.S. acquisitions that we completed. Our major sources of operating revenues are commissions, fees, and supplemental and contingent commissions from brokerage operations and fees from risk management operations. Our brokerage segment is primarily comprised of retail and wholesale brokerage operations, which negotiate and place property/casualty insurance and retirement solutions. Many of our retail brokerage customers choose to place their insurance with insurance underwriters, while others choose to use alternative vehicles such as self-insurance pools, risk retention groups, or captive insurance companies. Our wholesale brokerage operations assist our brokers and other unaffiliated brokers and agents in the placement of specialized, unique, and hard-to-place insurance programs. Our primary sources of compensation for our retail brokerage services are commissions paid by insurance companies, which are usually based upon a percentage of the premium paid by insureds, and brokerage and advisory fees paid directly by our clients. In addition, we have made significant investments in clean energy operations capable of producing refined coal that we believe qualifies for tax credits under IRC section 45. The production and sale of refined coal at these plants are qualified to receive refined coal tax credits. We believe that the production and sale of refined coal at these plants are qualified to receive refined coal tax credits under IRC section 45.