We focus on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. Our strategy is to position our products and distribution systems to meet the changing needs of the customer in managing the risks they face. This includes customers who want local advice and assistance and those who are self-directed. We utilize specific customer value propositions for each brand to improve our competitive position and performance. Over time, delivering on these customer value propositions may include investments in resources and require significant changes to our products, service, capabilities, and processes. We continue to enhance technology to improve customer service, facilitate the introduction of new products and services, and reduce infrastructure costs related to supporting agencies and handling claims. Our strategy for the allstate brand focuses on customers who prefer local personal advice and service and are brand-sensitive. We are undergoing a focused effort to enhance agency capabilities while simplifying and automating service processes to enable agencies to focus more time in an advisory role and provide appropriate product offerings. We are also investing in telematics and broadening the value proposition for the connected consumer. If we are not effective in anticipating the impact on our business of changing technology, including automotive technology, our ability to successfully operate may be impaired. Our sophisticated pricing methodology allows us to attract and retain multiple risk segments. A combination of underwriting information, pricing, and discounts are used to achieve a more competitive position. We continue to manage our property catastrophe exposure with the goal of providing shareholders an acceptable return on the risks assumed in our property business and to reduce the variability of our earnings. We anticipate completing the placement of our 2015 catastrophe reinsurance program in the second quarter of 2015. We expect the program will be similar to our 2014 catastrophe reinsurance program. Our enterprise risk and return management framework provides a comprehensive view of risks and opportunities and is used by senior leaders and business managers to provide risk and return insight and drive strategic and business decisions. Our risk management strategies adapt to changes in business and market environments and seek to optimize returns. We employ a strategic asset allocation approach which considers the nature of the liabilities and risk tolerances, as well as the risk and return parameters of the various asset classes in which we invest. We expect to more actively manage the portfolio and are developing strategies focused on the intermediate 3 to 5 year investment horizon. We are continuing to build our capabilities and investments in private equity, real estate, and limited partnerships which have returns less correlated to the public markets. The return on our investment portfolios is an important component of our financial results. Our investment decisions and objectives are a function of the underlying risks and product profiles of each business. We manage the spread risk in our assets. We expect to continue to enhance our effectiveness and efficiency by implementing processes and standards to elevate the level and consistency of our customer experience. Our ongoing strategy to have a greater proportion of ownership of assets and equity investments is consistent with our commitment to improving returns on risk-adjusted capital.