Our business and financial performance may be adversely affected by information technology and other business disruptions. Our facilities, supply chains, distribution systems and information technology systems may be impacted by natural or man-made disruptions, including information technology attacks or failures, threats to physical security, armed conflict, as well as damaging weather or other acts of nature, pandemics or other public health crises. For example, our information technology systems may be damaged, disrupted or shut down due to attacks by computer hackers, computer viruses, employee error or malfeasance, power outages, hardware failures, telecommunications or utility failures, or other unforeseen events, and in any such circumstances our disaster recovery planning may be ineffective or inadequate. A shutdown of, or inability to utilize, one or more of our facilities, our supply chain, our distribution system, or our information technology, telecommunications or other systems, could significantly disrupt our operations, delay production and shipments, damage customer relationships and our reputation, result in lost sales, result in the misappropriation or corruption of data, or result in legal exposure and large repair and replacement expenses. The process of integrating acquired businesses into our existing operations may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and may require additional financial resources and attention from management that would otherwise be available for the ongoing development or expansion of our existing operations. Furthermore, even if successfully integrated, the acquired business may not achieve the results we expected or produce expected benefits in the time frame planned. Our success is partly dependent upon properly executing, and realizing cost savings or other benefits from, our ongoing production and procurement initiatives, including the relocation of manufacturing operations to low-cost locales. These initiatives are primarily designed to make the company more efficient, which is necessary in the company's highly competitive industry. The company continues to maintain a strong international sales presence. International sales, including U.S. export sales, were $2,196.2 million or 54.6% of net sales in 2014, compared with $1,984.5 million or 55.2% of net sales in 2013. The company is committed to, and has consistently invested in, research, development and engineering activities to design and develop new and improved products. Research, development and engineering costs before customer reimbursement were $208.3 million in 2014. The company believes that its future success depends, in part, on its ability to develop, on a timely basis, technologically advanced products that meet or exceed appropriate industry standards. Although we believe we have certain technological and other advantages over our competitors, maintaining such advantages will require us to continue investing in research and development and sales and marketing. The company's acquisition strategy generally is to acquire differentiated businesses, which, because of their distribution channels and higher marketing costs, tend to have a higher rate of selling expenses. The company has a revolving credit facility with a total borrowing capacity of $700 million, which provides the company with additional financial flexibility to support its growth plans, including its successful acquisition strategy. The company believes it has sufficient cash-generating capabilities from domestic and unrestricted foreign sources, available credit facilities and access to long-term capital funds to enable it to meet its operating needs and contractual obligations in the foreseeable future. The company has identified its critical accounting policies as those accounting policies that can have a significant impact on the presentation of the company's financial condition and results of operations and that require the use of complex and subjective estimates based upon past experience and management's judgment. The company assesses the uncertainty in its tax positions, by applying a minimum recognition threshold which a tax position is required to meet before a tax benefit is recognized in the financial statements.