Our ongoing contractual revenues and future results may be negatively impacted if a significant number of these leases are not renewed. The integration of acquired portfolios of communications sites may require significant resources, as well as attention from our management team. Achieving the benefits of acquisitions depends in part on timely and efficiently integrating operations, communications tower portfolios, and personnel. Integration may be difficult and unpredictable for many reasons, including differing systems and processes, cultural differences, customary business practices, and conflicting policies, procedures, and operations. We rely on information technology and other computer resources to carry out important operational activities and to maintain our business records. Our computer systems could fail on their own accord and are subject to interruption or damage from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches, usage errors, catastrophic events such as natural disasters, and other events beyond our control. If our computer systems and our backup systems are compromised, degraded, damaged, or breached, or otherwise cease to function properly, we could suffer interruptions in our operations or unintentionally allow misappropriation of proprietary or confidential information, which could damage our reputation and require us to incur significant costs to remediate or otherwise resolve these issues. We have disaster recovery programs and security measures in place; however, if our computer systems are compromised, it could lead to tenant loss, resulting in a corresponding material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. The ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access is crucial. Our ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. The notion of IT capability highlights the importance of effectively supporting business needs, which has become key in transforming a firm into a competitive force. Our firm’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. The development and implementation of new technologies designed to enhance the efficiency of wireless networks or changes in a tenant’s business model could reduce the need for tower-based wireless services, decrease demand for tower space, or reduce previously obtainable lease rates. Our ability to lease additional space on our sites is primarily a function of the rate at which wireless carriers deploy capital to improve and expand their wireless networks. This rate, in turn, is influenced by the growth of wireless communications services, the penetration of advanced wireless devices, the financial performance of our tenants, and their access to capital. Our international expansion initiatives are subject to additional risks, including changes to existing or new tax laws or methodologies impacting our international operations, or fees directed specifically at the ownership and operation of communications sites or our international acquisitions. We believe that consistent carrier investments in their networks across our international markets position us to generate meaningful organic revenue growth going forward.