The cloud networking market is still in the early stages of adoption and has significant potential opportunity for growth. Our ability to satisfy the requirements for cloud networking solutions and to successfully anticipate technological shifts and market needs, innovate new products, and bring them to market in a timely manner is crucial. We must continue to develop new technologies and products that address emerging technological trends and changing end-customer needs. Our success depends on our ability to provide cloud networking solutions that address the needs of end customers more effectively and economically than those of other competitors or existing technologies. The programmability of our extensible operating system (EOS) has allowed us to create a set of software applications that address the requirements of cloud networking, including workflow automation, network visibility, and analytics, and has also allowed us to rapidly integrate with a wide range of third-party applications for virtualization, management, automation, orchestration, and network services. We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents together with cash flow from operations will be sufficient to meet our working capital requirements and our growth strategies for the foreseeable future. Our research and development efforts are focused on maintaining and developing additional functionality for our existing products and on new product development, including new releases and upgrades to our EOS software and applications. We expect our research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest heavily in software development to expand the capabilities of our cloud networking platform. Our ability to sustain our revenue growth will depend, in part, upon our continued sales of more robust configurations of our products. We believe that increasing channel leverage will extend and improve our engagement with a broad set of customers. Our business model is focused on the development of new products based on our EOS software and enhancements to EOS. We engineer our products to be agnostic to the underlying merchant silicon architecture, enabling us to focus our research and development resources on our software core competencies. Our cumulative number of customers grew approximately 33% from December 31, 2013, to December 31, 2014, as we continued to broaden our market penetration. We expect that a substantial portion of our future sales will be follow-on sales to existing end customers. Our sales strategy targets specific projects at our current end customers because they are familiar with the operational and economic benefits of our cloud networking solutions, thereby reducing the sales cycle into these customers. We have experienced and continue to experience customer concentration on a quarterly basis, which could result in future increased customer concentration depending on the timing of the fulfillment of those orders. Our ability to effectively manage our growth will depend on our success in recruiting, training, retaining, and integrating sufficient numbers of sales personnel to support our growth, particularly in international markets. We rely on third-party contract manufacturers to build our products, and our business operations depend, in part, on the success of these third parties' own cybersecurity measures. Our ability to protect our proprietary technology is critical, and we rely on trade secret, patent, copyright, and trademark laws and confidentiality agreements with employees and third parties to offer only limited protection. We are subject to various local, state, federal, and international environmental laws and regulations, and failure to comply with these laws could result in fines, penalties, and reputational damage, adversely affecting our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects.