The company's information technology capabilities have been evolving in scope to more comprehensively encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. Our information technology capabilities are delivered through a combination of internal and outsourced service providers. We depend on information technology to enable us to operate efficiently and interface with customers as well as to maintain financial accuracy and efficiency. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper technology infrastructure, we could be subject to transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, the loss of customers, business disruptions, or the loss of or damage to our confidential business information through a security breach. The security of the company's information technology systems could be compromised, which could adversely affect its ability to operate. Our information systems could be penetrated by outside parties intent on extracting information, corrupting information, or disrupting business processes. The company's systems have in the past been and likely will in the future be subject to sophisticated cyber security threats. Unauthorized access could disrupt our business operations, result in the loss of assets, and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. The protection of such information, as well as the company's information, is critical to the company. The regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with the frequent imposition of new and constantly changing requirements. We have established policies and procedures to help protect the security and privacy of this information. Our ability to successfully manage ongoing organizational change could impact our business results. Successfully managing these changes, including successfully transitioning and stabilizing key business and functional processes, is critical to our business success. Failure or delay in transitioning key processes could result in disruptions to our business. The company's foreign operations can be adversely impacted by nationalization or expropriation of property, undeveloped property rights and legal systems, or political instability. Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to manage the risks inherent in operating in a developing market, including unfamiliar regulatory environments, new relationships with local partners, language and cultural differences, and tailoring products for acceptance by local markets. New technologies create performance risks that could impact our financial results or reputation. A number of new technologies and new product offerings are being developed or implemented by the company. These technological expansions can create nontraditional performance risks to our operations. Failure of the technologies to work as predicted or unintended consequences of new designs or uses could lead to cost overruns, project delays, financial penalties, or damage to our reputation. The company's operations could be impacted by catastrophic events outside the company's control, including severe weather conditions, epidemics, or acts of war and terrorism. Any such event could cause a serious business disruption that could affect the company's ability to produce and distribute its products and possibly expose it to third-party liability claims. The company's operation of its facilities, pipelines, and delivery systems inherently entails hazards that require continuous oversight and control. If operational risks materialize, they could result in loss of life, damage to the environment, or loss of production, all of which could negatively impact the company's ongoing operations, reputation, financial results, and cash flow. The company's business involves the use, storage, and transmission of information about its employees, vendors, and customers. The company's operations are dependent on the continued operation of its production facilities and its ability to meet customer requirements, which depends, in part, on the company's ability to properly maintain and replace aging assets.