The company is dependent on the communications industry, including information technology and data communications, wireless communications, and broadband communications. Demand for these products is subject to rapid technological change. The company competes primarily on the basis of technology innovation, product quality, price, customer service, and delivery time. The company is dependent on the acceptance of new product introductions for continued revenue growth. The company’s long-term results of operations depend substantially upon its ability to continue to conceive, design, source, and market new products and upon continuing market acceptance of its existing and future product lines. The company continually develops or creates new product line concepts. The company’s strategy is to provide comprehensive design capabilities, a broad selection of products, and a high level of service on a worldwide basis while maintaining continuing programs of productivity improvement and cost control in the areas in which it competes. The company focuses its research and development efforts through close collaboration with its OEM customers to develop highly-engineered products that meet customer needs and have the potential for broad market applications and significant sales within a one-to-three year period. The company believes that its global presence is an important competitive advantage as it allows the company to provide quality products on a timely and worldwide basis to its multinational customers. The company’s products are used in a wide variety of applications by numerous customers, and the company encounters competition in its markets. The company’s ability to invest in its business and make strategic acquisitions requires access to the capital markets. The company’s results may be negatively affected by changing interest rates. The company’s ability to generate cash from operating activities is one of its fundamental financial strengths, providing significant flexibility to meet its financial commitments. The company uses cash generated from operations to fund capital expenditures and acquisitions, repurchase shares of its common stock, pay dividends, and reduce indebtedness. The company’s sales are affected by changes in the defense budgets of the U.S. and foreign governments. The company’s sales are generally to contractors and subcontractors of the U.S. or foreign governments or to distributors that in turn sell to the contractors and subcontractors. The company’s sales to the military market may be impacted by changes in defense expenditures. The company’s results may be negatively affected by foreign currency exchange rates. The company attempts to minimize currency exposure risk in a number of ways, including producing its products in the same country or region in which the products are sold. The company’s strategic objective is to further enhance its position in its served markets by pursuing broad diversification, developing performance-enhancing interconnect solutions, expanding global presence, controlling costs, pursuing strategic acquisitions and investments, and fostering collaborative, entrepreneurial management. The company’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. The company’s IT capability has become key in transforming the firm into a competitive force.