Our ability to realize the benefits of the acquisition of LSI will depend on the timely integration and consolidation of organizations, operations, facilities, procedures, policies, and technologies, and the harmonization of differences in the business cultures between the two companies and their personnel. The integration of the LSI business will be complex and time-consuming and will involve additional expense and could disrupt our business and divert management's attention from ongoing business concerns. The challenges involved in integrating LSI include combining and integrating information technology, or IT, systems. We rely on various IT systems, including networks, applications, and outsourced services. We depend on third-party vendors to provide critical corporate infrastructure services, including certain services related to accounting, billing, human resources, benefit plan administration, IT network development, and network monitoring. The ability of these third-party vendors to successfully provide reliable, high-quality services is subject to technical and operational uncertainties that are beyond our control. Any failure of one or more of our vendors to provide these services could have a material adverse effect on our business. Any failure of these systems and services to operate effectively could disrupt our operations and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations by harming our ability to accurately forecast sales demand, manage our supply chain and production facilities, fulfill customer orders, and report financial and management information on a timely and accurate basis. We expect our business to continue to be subject to cyclical downturns even when overall economic conditions are relatively stable. Our success in the mobile handset market is dependent on the continued competitiveness of our FBAR filter products and on the broad commercial acceptance of the mobile handsets into which our products are incorporated. Our relationships with our major customers are good, but we generally do not have long-term contracts with any of them, which is typical of our industry. We may pursue acquisitions, dispositions, investments, and joint ventures, which could adversely affect our results of operations. The integration of acquired businesses may not be successful and could result in disruption to other parts of our business. We must implement our management information systems, operating systems, and internal controls and assimilate and manage the personnel of the acquired operations. The difficulties of these integrations may be further complicated by factors such as the size of the business or entity acquired, geographic distances, and delays and challenges associated with integrating the business with our existing businesses. Our ability to compete successfully depends on elements both within and outside of our control, including industry and general economic trends. The actions of our competitors, particularly in the area of pricing, can have a substantial adverse impact on our revenues. Our gross margin is highly dependent on product mix, with proprietary products typically providing higher gross margin than other products. A shift in sales mix away from our higher-margin products could adversely affect our future gross margin percentages. We have made significant investments in research and development, and anticipate that we will need to maintain or increase our levels of research and development expenditures. Our future success depends on our ability to retain, attract, and motivate qualified personnel, including our management, sales and marketing, legal and finance personnel, and especially our design and technical personnel.