We are materially dependent on acceptance of our products by law enforcement markets, both domestic and international. The success of our evidence.com software-as-a-service ("saas") delivery model is materially dependent on acceptance of this business model by our law enforcement customers. Delayed or lengthy time to adoption by law enforcement agencies will negatively impact our sales and profitability. The hosted service delivery business model is not presently widely adopted by our law enforcement customer base. As such, the sales cycle has additional complexity with the need to educate our customers and address issues regarding agency bandwidth requirements, data retention policies, data security and chain of evidence custody. Delays in successfully securing widespread adoption of evidence.com services could adversely affect our revenues, profitability and financial condition. Our future success will depend on our ability to develop new products or new product features that achieve market acceptance in a timely and cost-effective manner. The development of new products and new product features is complex, time consuming and expensive, and we may experience delays in completing the development and introduction of new products. We face risks associated with rapid technological change and new competing products. The technology associated with law enforcement devices is receiving significant attention and is rapidly evolving. While we have some patent protection in certain key areas of our cew, axon and saas technology, it is possible that new technology may result in competing products that operate outside our patents and could present significant competition for our products which could adversely affect our revenue. Our increasing focus on our saas platform also presents new and complex development issues. Significant delays in new product or service releases or significant problems in creating new products or services could adversely affect our revenue. Our reliance on the sales of our products by others also makes it more difficult to predict our revenues, cash flow and operating results. Our distribution strategy is to pursue sales through multiple channels with an emphasis on independent distributors and direct sales. Our inability to establish relationships with and retain law enforcement equipment distributors, who we believe can successfully sell our products, would adversely affect our sales. Our strategy is to create a dominant market position in domestic law enforcement and internationally over time. We have built a network of distribution channels for selling and marketing our products and services to law enforcement agencies, primarily in North America, with ongoing focus and effort placed on expanding these programs in international, military and other markets. Our research and development efforts in 2014 were primarily focused on refining our evidence.com services and exploring next generation hardware for our taser weapons and axon segments. We believe that the video evidence capture and management market will continue to grow significantly due to several factors, including increasing recognition of the benefits and value of video evidence and other mobile technologies. We aim to work closely with our customers to develop new value added features to our existing platform that are necessary to optimize their workflows, as well as develop adjacent technologies in wearables, cloud, and mobile devices. Our future success is dependent on our ability to expand sales through distributors and direct sales and our inability to recruit new distributors or increase direct sales would negatively affect our sales. Our key strategic initiatives include continued investment in development of innovative new products, which both complement and add to our existing platforms. We expect to continue our concerted efforts to promote the awareness of the benefits of digital evidence management in general, and evidence.com specifically, throughout the law enforcement community.