We operate in a very competitive business environment, which affects our ability to attract and retain customers and can adversely affect our business, operations, and financial results. The industry in which we operate is highly competitive and has become more so in recent years. We face competition from companies with fewer regulatory burdens, better access to financing, and greater personnel resources. Increasing consolidation in the cable industry and the repeal of certain ownership rules have provided additional benefits to certain of our competitors, either through access to financing, resources, or efficiencies of scale. Our ability to sustain and grow revenues and cash flow from operations depends on offering services to adequately meet customer experience demands in our markets and to maintain and grow our customer base, particularly in the face of increasingly aggressive competition, the need for innovation, and the related capital expenditures. The development and deployment of new products and technologies are critical to our operational flexibility and market responsiveness. We expect to continue to grow revenues by increasing the number of products in our current customer homes and obtaining new customers with an improved value offering. We have enhanced our video product by moving to an all-digital platform, offering more HD channels, and increasing digital and HD-DVR penetration. Our capital expenditures are driven by growth in residential and commercial customers along with further spend related to product development. The increase in capital expenditures is primarily driven by our all-digital transition, investment in customer premise equipment to support customer growth, and ongoing insourcing initiatives. Our business is characterized by rapid technological change and the introduction of new products and services, some of which are bandwidth-intensive. We may not be able to fund the capital expenditures necessary to keep pace with technological developments or anticipate the demand of our customers for products and services requiring new technology or bandwidth. Our inability to maintain, expand, and upgrade our existing or acquired assets, including through all-digital initiatives, could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We depend on third-party service providers, suppliers, and licensors to supply some of the services, hardware, software, and operational support necessary to provide our services. If we are unable to procure the necessary services, equipment, software, or licenses on reasonable terms and on a timely basis, our ability to offer services could be impaired, and our growth, operations, business, financial results, and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. Our ability to service our debt and to fund our planned capital expenditures and ongoing operations will depend on our ability to continue to generate cash flow and our access to additional liquidity sources. We expect advances in communications technology, as well as changes in the marketplace and the regulatory and legislative environment, which could impact our operational capabilities and competitive positioning. The increasing number of choices available to audiences could negatively impact advertisers' willingness to purchase advertising from us, as well as the price they are willing to pay for advertising. We continuously evaluate and pursue small and large acquisitions and strategic investments in businesses, products, or technologies that we believe could complement or expand our business or otherwise offer growth or cost-saving opportunities.