The success of our markets depends on our ability to complete development of, successfully implement and maintain the electronic trading systems that have the functionality, performance, reliability and speed required by our customers. We must continue to enhance our electronic trading platform to remain competitive, which involves providing reliable and cost-effective services to our customers and developing the required functionality to support electronic trading in our key products. Our strategic business plan is to operate an efficient and transparent vertically integrated transaction execution, clearing and settlement business for our futures and options on futures business, which requires significant investments in additional hardware and software to accommodate increases in volume of transactions and order transaction traffic. We are heavily dependent on the capacity, reliability and security of the computer and communications systems and software supporting our operations, and any systems failures could lead to unanticipated disruptions in service to our customers, slower response times, delays in trade execution, and financial losses. Our networks and those of our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to security risks, which could result in wrongful use of our information or cause interruptions in our operations that cause us to lose customers and contract volume. We regard the secure transmission of confidential information and the ability to continuously transact and clear on our electronic trading platforms as critical elements of our operations. Our role as a leading derivatives marketplace and the operation of our electronic trading platform may place us at greater risk for misappropriation of our intellectual property. We have experienced system errors and failures that have resulted in some customers being unable to connect to our electronic trading platform, which could have a material adverse impact on our business. We rely on our customers' ability to have the necessary back office functionality to support our new products and our trading and clearing functionality. If we experience systems failures or capacity constraints, our ability to conduct our operations and execute our business strategy could be materially harmed. We continue to monitor system loads and performance and regularly implement system upgrades to handle estimated increases in contract volume. Our ability to maintain or expand our businesses would be adversely affected if we cannot increase the capacity and capabilities of our systems to accommodate an increasing volume of transactions. Our technology support services costs are driven by system capacity, functionality and redundancy requirements, and we must continue to enhance our technology infrastructure to support our growth. The financial services industry is competitive, and we expect competition to continue to intensify, especially in light of recent regulatory reforms in the financial services industry. Our ability to compete effectively is influenced by our reputation, the efficiency and security of our services, depth and liquidity of our markets, breadth of product offerings, and our ability to position and expand upon existing products. We face competition from other futures, securities and securities option exchanges; over-the-counter markets; clearing organizations; and technology firms, including market data distributors and electronic trading system developers. Our strategy focuses on leveraging our benchmark products, enhancing our customer relations, expanding our customer base, advancing our clearing and trading technologies, and deriving benefits from our integrated clearing houses as well as our scalable infrastructure.