We are exposed to, and may be adversely affected by, information technology security threats and sophisticated "cyber attacks." We rely on our information technology systems and networks in connection with various of our business activities. Some of these networks and systems are managed by third-party service providers and are not under our direct control. Our operations routinely involve receiving, storing, processing, and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to our business, customers, dealers, suppliers, employees, and other sensitive matters. Information technology security threats, including security breaches, computer malware, and other "cyber attacks," are increasing in both frequency and sophistication. These threats could create financial liability, subject us to legal or regulatory sanctions, or damage our reputation with customers, dealers, suppliers, and other stakeholders. We continuously seek to maintain a robust program of information security and controls, but the impact of a material information technology event could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, reputation, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flow. Our financial performance depends, in large part, on varying conditions in the markets we serve, particularly the on-highway, construction, and general industrial markets. Demand in these markets tends to fluctuate in response to overall economic conditions. Our sales may also be impacted by OEM inventory levels and production schedules and stoppages. Economic downturns in markets we serve generally result in reduced sales of our products and can result in price reductions in certain products and/or markets. As part of our growth strategy, we invest in businesses in certain countries that carry high levels of these risks such as China, Brazil, India, Mexico, Russia, and countries in the Middle East and Africa. At the same time, our geographic diversity and broad product and service offerings have helped limit the impact from a drop in demand in any one industry or customer or the economy of any single country on our consolidated results. Our products are subject to recall for performance or safety-related issues. Product recalls subject us to harm to our reputation, loss of current and future customers, reduced revenue, and product recall costs. Product recall costs are incurred when we decide, either voluntarily or involuntarily, to recall a product through a formal campaign to solicit the return of specific products due to a known or suspected performance issue. Any significant product recalls could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. The successful development and introduction of new and enhanced products in order to comply with new regulatory requirements are subject to other risks, such as delays in product development, cost overruns, and unanticipated technical and manufacturing difficulties. We face significant competition in the markets we serve. The markets in which we operate are highly competitive. We compete worldwide with a number of other manufacturers and distributors that produce and sell similar products. Our products primarily compete on the basis of price, performance, fuel economy, speed of delivery, quality, and customer support. We also face competitors in some emerging markets who have established local practices and long-standing relationships with participants in these markets. There can be no assurance that our products will be able to compete successfully with the products of other companies and in other markets.