Our ability to grow and compete is dependent on our ability to build or acquire necessary operational, technological, and organizational infrastructure. We are embedding technology, data, and software development deeply into our business model and how we work. We are focused on building reusable plug-and-play middleware, developing and designing modern software, integrating our platforms, and making them scalable, and building a powerful and flexible data infrastructure. We have invested in infrastructure in our commercial banking business intended to assist with effective execution of key processes and improve loan origination and underwriting platforms. Our businesses are dependent on our ability to process, record, and monitor a large number of complex transactions. If any of our financial, accounting, or other data processing systems fail or have other significant shortcomings, we could be materially adversely affected. We are heavily dependent on the strength and capability of our technology systems, which we use to manage our internal financial and other systems, interface with our customers, and develop and implement effective marketing campaigns. Our ability to develop and deliver new products that meet the needs of our existing customers and attract new ones depends on the functionality and reliability of our operational and technology systems. Any disruptions, failures, or inaccuracies of our operational and technology systems and models could cause us to be unable to market and manage our products and services, manage our risk, or report our financial results in a timely and accurate manner, all of which could have a negative impact on our results of operations. We depend on models to measure risks, estimate certain financial values, determine pricing on certain products, assess capital adequacy, and calculate regulatory capital levels. Our ongoing investments in infrastructure, which are necessary to maintain a competitive business, integrate acquisitions, and establish scalable operations, may increase our expenses. As cybersecurity threats continue to evolve, we may also be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or strengthen our protective security measures, investigate and remediate any vulnerabilities of our information systems and infrastructure, or invest in new technology designed to mitigate security risks. Our operations rely on the secure processing, transmission, and storage of confidential information in our computer systems and networks. Our businesses rely on our digital technologies, computer and email systems, software, and networks to conduct their operations. Our ability to provide products and services, many of which are web-based, relies upon the management and safeguarding of information, software, methodologies, and business secrets. We also have arrangements in place with retail partners and other third parties where we share and receive information about their customers who are or may become our customers. Our ability to realize all of the anticipated benefits of our mergers, acquisitions, and strategic partnerships depends on our ability to assess the asset quality and value of the particular assets or institutions we partner with, merge with, or acquire. We may be unable to profitably deploy any assets we acquire. The legislative and regulatory environment is beyond our control, may change rapidly and unpredictably, and may negatively influence our revenue, costs, earnings, growth, and capital levels. Our success depends on our ability to maintain compliance with both existing and new laws and regulations.