Our operating results, future rate of growth, and the carrying value of our assets are exposed to the effects of changing commodity prices, which can fluctuate widely. The factors influencing these prices are beyond our control, and lower prices may have a material adverse effect on our revenues, operating income, cash flows, and liquidity. Significant reductions in commodity prices could require us to reduce our capital expenditures or impair the carrying value of our assets. We expect to continue to incur substantial capital expenditures and operating costs as a result of compliance with existing and future environmental laws and regulations, which may impact or limit our current business plans and reduce demand for our products. Our businesses are subject to numerous laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, and these laws continue to increase in both number and complexity, affecting our operations. We maintain a relentless focus on safety and environmental stewardship, which are our highest priorities, and we strive to conduct our business with respect and care for both the local and global environment. We leverage our knowledge and technology to create value and safely deliver on our plans. Technical strength is part of our heritage, and we are evolving our technical approach to optimally apply best practices. In 2014, we tested new technology as a means to provide remote monitoring capability, as well as new methods that could increase production and reduce water usage and emissions from assets. We continue to evaluate potential solutions to leverage knowledge of technological successes across all of our operations, enabling us to economically convert additional resources to reserves, achieve greater operating efficiencies, and reduce our environmental impact. Our capital-intensive industry often experiences long lead times from the time an investment decision is made to the time an asset is operational and generates cash flow. We use a disciplined approach to select the appropriate projects that will provide the most attractive investment opportunities, focusing on organic growth in volumes and margins through higher-margin oil, condensate, and LNG projects. We have been successful in adding to our proved reserve base through successful exploration, exploitation, and development of new and existing fields, as well as the application of new technologies and processes to improve recovery from existing fields. Our strategy is to maintain a strong balance sheet with a diverse and flexible portfolio of assets, which will provide the financial flexibility to withstand challenging business cycles. We continue to optimize our asset portfolio by focusing on assets that offer the highest returns and growth potential while selling nonstrategic assets. Our capital expenditures and investments from continuing operations support key exploration and developments, primarily in oil and natural gas development and exploration activities. We are committed to increasing student interest in energy industry professions by awarding scholarships in science, technology, engineering, mathematics, accounting, and finance, as well as providing university internships to attract the best talent. We strive to attract, train, develop, and retain individuals with the knowledge and skills to implement our business strategy and who support our values and ethics.