Our businesses rely on sophisticated information systems to obtain, rapidly process, analyze, and manage data to facilitate the purchase and distribution of thousands of inventory items from numerous distribution centers; to receive, process, and ship orders on a timely basis; to account for other product and service transactions with customers; to manage the accurate billing and collections for thousands of customers; and to process payments to suppliers. Information security risks have generally increased in recent years because of the proliferation of new technologies and the increased sophistication and activities of perpetrators of cyber attacks. A failure in or breach of our operational or information security systems, or those of our third-party service providers, as a result of cyber attacks or information security breaches could disrupt our business, result in the disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information or personal data, damage our reputation, increase our costs and/or cause losses. As a result, cyber security and the continued development and enhancement of the controls and processes designed to protect our systems, computers, software, data, and networks from attack, damage, or unauthorized access remain a priority for us. Although we believe that we have robust information security procedures and other safeguards in place, as cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend additional resources to continue to enhance our information security measures and/or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities. Certain of our businesses continue to make substantial investments in information systems. To the extent the implementation of these systems fail, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. We have outsourced to IBM Global Services a significant portion of our corporate and AmerisourceBergen Drug Corporation information technology activities. The remaining commitment under our arrangement, as amended in May 2014, which expires in June 2018, is approximately $74.1 million as of September 30, 2014, of which $37.1 million represents our commitment in fiscal 2015. Our use of technology initiatives includes costs related to the further development of our enterprise resource planning system. Significant capital expenditures in fiscal 2014 included infrastructure and technology-related costs to on-board the incremental Walgreens distribution volume, costs associated with building our new national distribution center, and other technology initiatives. We currently expect to spend approximately $300 million for capital expenditures during fiscal 2015. Several of the larger 2015 capital expenditures include increasing distribution center capacity and automation improvements, the implementation of track-and-trace authentication technology, and information system investments to support increased order volume and future growth. The anticipated strategic and financial benefits of our relationship with Walgreens may not be realized. The processes and initiatives needed to achieve these potential benefits are complex, costly, and time-consuming. Achieving the anticipated benefits from the arrangement is subject to a number of significant challenges and uncertainties, including the possibility of faulty assumptions underlying expectations, processes, or initiatives, or the inability to realize and/or delays in realizing potential benefits, including improved generic drug pricing and terms, improved service fees from generic manufacturers, cost savings, innovations, or other benefits resulting from participation in Walgreens Boots Alliance Development GmbH, a global sourcing joint venture between Walgreens and Alliance Boots, due to the inability of the joint venture to negotiate successfully with generic manufacturers or otherwise to perform as expected.