The company relies on information technology in all aspects of its business. The performance and reliability of the company's technology systems are critical to its ability to operate and compete safely and effectively. A cybersecurity attack, which is a deliberate theft of data or impairment of information technology systems, or other significant disruption or failure, could result in a service interruption, train accident, misappropriation of confidential information, process failure, security breach or other operational difficulties. Such an event could result in increased capital, insurance or operating costs, including increased security costs to protect the company's infrastructure. A disruption or compromise of the company's information technology systems, even for short periods of time, could have a material adverse effect on the company. The company continues to identify the most efficient, cost-effective routes for CSXT customers' traffic while providing timely service with the fewest handlings and car miles possible. Through the service excellence initiative, CSX is building a culture that engages all employees and focuses on the value delivered to customers through improved service. This initiative increases employee communication and dialogue to help identify and resolve customer issues at the lowest level, improving the customer experience and allowing CSX to grow the business. New tools and technology are allowing the company to more effectively communicate with customers, not only providing the service the company has promised to deliver but proactively notifying the customer of service status. Projects are currently in place to deploy technology, improve processes and reduce unproductive time. Because the railroad is an asset-intensive industry, enterprise asset management helps reduce the overall expense associated with asset ownership by monitoring the overall condition of equipment, helping proactively schedule maintenance, increasing utilization and also effectively managing the investment required for new or replacement assets. The company relies on the stability and availability of its technology systems to operate its business. The company is focused on meeting customers' needs while improving profitability. Several key operating initiatives have been implemented over the past several years that lay a foundation for meeting these objectives. The overall goal is sustained high customer service levels, which is in part achieved through a relentless focus on using advanced network modeling analytics and tools to create a disciplined, scheduled approach to designing and running CSX's network. The company is committed to maintaining and improving its existing infrastructure and to positioning itself for long-term growth through expanding network and terminal capacity. The company continues to advocate for a fair and balanced regulatory environment to ensure that the value of the company's rail service would be reflected in any potential new legislation or policies. The company has invested significantly in its technology infrastructure to enhance operational efficiency and support strategic resource allocation. The company's IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding and human resources to further organizational goals. The company is well-positioned from a liquidity standpoint, with a strong capital base and a balanced approach in deploying capital for the benefit of its shareholders, which includes investments in infrastructure, dividend improvement and share repurchases.