Cintas relies extensively on computer systems to process transactions, maintain information, and manage its businesses. Disruptions in the availability of computer systems, or privacy breaches involving computer systems, could impact the company's ability to service its customers and adversely affect its sales, results of operations, and reputation, exposing it to litigation risk. The company has an active disaster recovery plan in place that is frequently reviewed and tested; however, its computer systems are subject to damage or interruption due to system conversions, power outages, computer or telecommunication failures, catastrophic events, and usage errors by employees. Although appropriate measures have been adopted to mitigate potential risks to technology and operations from these information technology-related disruptions, the unpredictability of such disruptions could lead to production downtimes, operational delays, and interruptions in the ability to provide products and services to customers. Any disruption caused by the unavailability of computer systems could adversely affect sales and may require significant investments to fix or replace them, thereby adversely affecting consolidated results of operations. Cybersecurity attacks are evolving and include malicious software, unauthorized access attempts to data, and other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in systems, unauthorized release of confidential information, and corruption of data. If the network of security controls, policy enforcement mechanisms, and monitoring systems to address these threats fails, compromising confidential company, customer, or employee information could result in financial losses from remedial actions, loss of business, potential liability, and damage to reputation. The company’s ability to achieve and maintain effective internal controls is necessary for providing reliable financial reports. All internal control systems, regardless of design, have inherent limitations, and even those deemed effective can provide only reasonable assurance regarding the preparation and presentation of consolidated financial statements. The failure to maintain the adequacy of internal controls or the discovery of material weaknesses could prevent the company from producing reliable financial reports or preventing fraud, which may cause investors to lose confidence in reported financial information and adversely affect stock price. Management believes that a key component of success is the corporate culture imparted throughout the organization, which depends on the ability to attract and retain key employees. Competitive pressures may make it more difficult and expensive to attract and retain personnel, adversely affecting business operations. The company’s business strategy includes identifying additional product and service opportunities and pursuing strategic acquisitions as opportunities arise, with the goal of maximizing long-term value for shareholders and working partners. The integration of acquired businesses may involve unforeseen difficulties and require significant management attention and resources. The company’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, and business process understanding to further organizational goals. The ability to effectively support business needs through IT capabilities has become a key factor in transforming Cintas into a competitive force.