Many aspects of our operations are dependent on our information systems and the information collected, processed, stored, and handled by these systems. We rely heavily on our computer systems to manage our ordering, pricing, point-of-sale, pharmacy fulfillment, inventory replenishment, claims processing, extracare customer loyalty program, finance, human resource and other processes. Our information systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches including credit card information breaches, vandalism, catastrophic events and human error. Although we deploy a layered approach to address information security threats and vulnerabilities, including ones from a cybersecurity standpoint, designed to protect confidential information against data security breaches, a compromise of our information security controls or of those businesses with whom we interact, which results in confidential information being accessed, obtained, damaged, or used by unauthorized or improper persons, could harm our reputation and expose us to regulatory actions and claims from customers and clients, financial institutions, payment card associations and other persons, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial position, and results of operations. Moreover, a data security breach could require that we expend significant resources related to our information systems and infrastructure, and could distract management and other key personnel from performing their primary operational duties. If our information systems are damaged, fail to work properly or otherwise become unavailable, or if we are unable to successfully complete our planned consolidation of our pbm claims adjudication platforms, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them, and may experience reputational damage, loss of critical information, customer disruption and interruptions or delays in our ability to perform essential functions and implement new and innovative services. In addition, compliance with changes in privacy and information security laws and standards may result in considerable expense due to increased investment in technology and the development of new operational processes. Our competitive success is impacted by the ability of our retail pharmacy business to establish and maintain contractual relationships with pbms and other payors on acceptable terms and by the ability of our pharmacy services business to establish and maintain contractual relationships with network pharmacies in an environment where some pbm clients are considering adopting narrow or restricted retail pharmacy networks. Unless we can demonstrate enhanced value to our clients through innovative product and service offerings, particularly in a rapidly changing industry, we may be unable to remain competitive. The continued efforts of health maintenance organizations, managed care organizations, pbm companies, government entities, and other third-party payors to reduce prescription drug costs and pharmacy reimbursement rates may impact our profitability. The profitability of our business is dependent upon the utilization of prescription drug products. Utilization trends are affected by, among other factors, the introduction of new and successful prescription pharmaceuticals as well as lower-priced generic alternatives to existing brand name products. Our business could be impacted by a slowdown in the introduction of new and successful prescription pharmaceuticals and/or generic alternatives. The health of the economy in general and in the markets we serve affects our business, including changes in consumer purchasing power, preferences and/or spending patterns. Our pbm business generates net revenues primarily by contracting with clients to provide prescription drugs and related health care services to plan members. We continually face challenges in competing for new pbm business and retaining or renewing our existing pbm business. Changes in existing federal or state laws or regulations or the adoption of new laws or regulations relating to claims processing and billing, including our ability to collect transmission fees, could adversely impact our profitability.