Chevron utilizes comprehensive risk management systems to assess potential physical and other risks to its assets and to plan for their resiliency. The company's operations could be disrupted by natural or human factors, including system failures and cyber threats, any of which could result in suspension of operations or harm to people or the natural environment. Chevron has implemented and maintains a system of corporate policies, behaviors, and compliance mechanisms to manage safety, health, environmental, reliability, and efficiency risks; to verify compliance with applicable laws and policies; and to respond to and learn from unexpected incidents. The company seeks to minimize operational risks by carefully designing and building its facilities and conducting its operations in a safe and reliable manner. However, failure to manage these risks effectively could result in unexpected incidents, including releases, explosions, or mechanical failures resulting in personal injury, loss of life, environmental damage, loss of revenues, legal liability, and/or disruption to operations. In certain situations where Chevron is not the operator, the company may have limited influence and control over third parties, which may limit its ability to manage and control such risks. The company does not insure against all potential losses, which could result in significant financial exposure. Political instability and significant changes in the regulatory environment could harm Chevron's business, as the company's operations can be affected by changing economic, regulatory, and political environments in the various countries in which it operates. Actions could be taken by governments to increase public ownership of the company's businesses or to impose additional taxes or royalties. In addition, changes in national or state environmental regulations could adversely affect the company's current or anticipated future operations and profitability. Continued political attention to issues concerning climate change could have a material impact on the company's operations and financial results. The effect of regulation on the company's financial performance will depend on a number of factors, including the sectors covered and the greenhouse gas emissions reductions required by law. Material price increases or incentives to conserve or use alternative energy sources could reduce demand for products the company currently sells and adversely affect the company's sales volumes, revenues, and margins. Changes in management's estimates and assumptions may have a material impact on the company's consolidated financial statements and financial or operational performance in any given period. Areas requiring significant estimates and assumptions by management include measurement of benefit obligations for pension and other postretirement benefit plans, estimates of crude oil and natural gas recoverable reserves, and accruals for estimated liabilities. Changes in estimates or assumptions or the information underlying the assumptions could affect reported amounts of assets, liabilities, or expenses. The company's operations have inherent risks and hazards that require significant and continuous oversight, and Chevron's results depend on its ability to identify and mitigate these risks. The company relies on existing liquidity, financial resources, and borrowing capacity to meet short-term obligations that would arise from significant incidents or unforeseen liabilities.