The companies' businesses are dependent upon sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure, the failure of which could prevent them from accomplishing critical business functions. The companies' operations are subject to operational hazards, equipment failures, supply chain disruptions, and personnel issues which could negatively affect their operations. Moreover, the companies are exposed to credit risks of their counterparties and the risk that one or more counterparties may fail or delay the performance of their contractual obligations, including but not limited to payment for services. The companies' businesses require that they and their vendors collect and maintain sensitive customer data, as well as confidential employee and shareholder information, which is subject to electronic theft or loss. A successful cyber attack on the systems that control the companies' electric generation, electric or gas transmission or distribution assets could severely disrupt business operations, preventing the companies from serving customers or collecting revenues. The breach of certain business systems could affect the companies' ability to correctly record, process, and report financial information. The companies maintain property and casualty insurance that may cover certain damage caused by potential cyber incidents; however, other damage and claims arising from such incidents may not be covered or may exceed the amount of any insurance available. The companies' infrastructure build and expansion plans often require regulatory approval before construction can commence. An inability to obtain financing or otherwise provide liquidity for the projects on acceptable terms could negatively affect the companies' financial condition, cash flows, the projects' anticipated financial results, and/or impair the companies' ability to execute the business plan for the projects as scheduled. The companies are currently simultaneously developing or constructing several major projects, including the liquefaction project and the Atlantic Coast Pipeline project, which together help contribute to the over $16 billion in capital expenditures planned by the companies. The advancement of the companies' ventures is also affected by the activities of stakeholder and advocacy groups, some of which oppose natural gas-related and energy infrastructure projects. Given that these projects provide the foundation for the companies' strategic growth plan, if the companies are unable to obtain the required approvals, develop the necessary technical expertise, allocate and coordinate sufficient resources, adhere to budgets and timelines, effectively handle public outreach efforts, or otherwise fail to successfully execute the projects, there could be an adverse impact on the companies' financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. The companies' operations are subject to extensive federal, state, and local regulation and require numerous permits, approvals, and certificates from various governmental agencies. Such laws and regulations govern the terms and conditions of the services offered, relationships with affiliates, protection of critical electric infrastructure assets, and pipeline safety, among other matters. The companies' businesses are influenced by many factors that are difficult to predict, involve uncertainties that may materially affect actual results, and are often beyond their control. The companies' results of operations can be affected by changes in the weather, fluctuations in demand for services, and regulatory review of rates. The companies' operations could be adversely affected and their physical plant placed at greater risk of damage should changes in global climate produce unusual variations in temperature and weather patterns, resulting in more intense, frequent, and extreme weather events.