Security breaches and other disruptions to John Deere’s information technology infrastructure could interfere with John Deere’s operations and could compromise John Deere’s and its customers’ and suppliers’ information, exposing John Deere to liability that would cause John Deere’s business and reputation to suffer. In the ordinary course of business, John Deere relies upon information technology networks and systems, some of which are managed by third parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities, including supply chain, manufacturing, distribution, invoicing and collection of payments from dealers or other purchasers of John Deere equipment and from customers of John Deere’s financial services operations. John Deere uses information technology systems to record, process and summarize financial information and results of operations for internal reporting purposes and to comply with regulatory financial reporting, legal and tax requirements. Additionally, John Deere collects and stores sensitive data, including intellectual property, proprietary business information and the proprietary business information of John Deere’s customers and suppliers, as well as personally identifiable information of John Deere’s customers and employees, in data centers and on information technology networks. The secure operation of these information technology networks and the processing and maintenance of this information is critical to John Deere’s business operations and strategy. Despite security measures and business continuity plans, John Deere’s information technology networks and infrastructure may be vulnerable to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to attacks by hackers or breaches due to employee error or malfeasance or other disruptions during the process of upgrading or replacing computer software or hardware, power outages, computer viruses, telecommunication or utility failures or natural disasters or other catastrophic events. The occurrence of any of these events could compromise John Deere’s networks, and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability or regulatory penalties under laws protecting the privacy of personal information, disrupt operations, and damage John Deere’s reputation, which could adversely affect John Deere’s business. John Deere’s operations, suppliers and customers are subject to and affected by increasingly rigorous environmental, health and safety laws and regulations of federal, state and local authorities in the U.S. and various regulatory authorities with jurisdiction over John Deere’s international operations. John Deere’s business results depend largely on its ability to understand its customers’ specific preferences and requirements, and to develop, manufacture and market products that meet customer demand. John Deere’s ability to match new product offerings to diverse global customers’ anticipated preferences for different types and sizes of equipment and various equipment features and functionality, at affordable prices, is critical to its success. This requires a thorough understanding of John Deere’s existing and potential customers on a global basis, particularly in potentially high-growth markets, including Brazil, China, India and Russia. Failure to deliver quality products that meet customer needs at competitive prices ahead of competitors could have a significant adverse effect on John Deere’s business. John Deere’s equipment operations must meet increasingly stringent engine emission reduction standards, including USEPA, interim tier 4/stage IIIB and final tier 4/stage IV non-road diesel emission requirements in the U.S. and European Union. These standards are applicable to many engines manufactured by John Deere and used in many models of John Deere agriculture and construction and forestry equipment. John Deere has incurred and continues to incur substantial research and development costs and is introducing many new equipment models, largely due to the implementation of these more rigorous standards.