Our business activities are funded primarily through consumer deposits, securitization of loan receivables, and the issuance of unsecured debt. We continue to invest in initiatives to remain competitive in the consumer financial services industry, including the launch of new cards and features, brand awareness initiatives, targeted marketing, online and mobile enhancements, customer service improvements, credit risk management, operations enhancements, and infrastructure efficiencies. The competitive marketplace, combined with slow economic growth, could result in discover being unable to grow loans, resulting in reduced revenue from its core direct banking business. We face competition in the credit card market from other consumer financial services providers, and we may not be able to compete effectively, which could result in fewer customers and lower account balances and could materially adversely affect our financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. Our ability to deliver services to our customers and run our business in compliance with applicable laws and regulations may be affected by the functionality of our technology systems. The implementation of technology changes and upgrades to maintain current and integrated systems may result in compliance issues and may, at least temporarily, cause disruptions to our business, including, but not limited to, systems interruptions, transaction processing errors, and system conversion delays, all of which could have a negative impact on us. We rely on technology to deliver services, and if key technology platforms become obsolete, or if we experience disruptions, including difficulties in our ability to process transactions, our revenue or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Our risk management framework seeks to identify and mitigate risk and appropriately balance risk and return. We have established processes and procedures intended to identify, measure, monitor, and report the types of risk to which we are subject, including credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, compliance and legal risk, and strategic risk. We seek to monitor and control our risk exposure through a framework of policies, procedures, limits, and reporting requirements. Our ongoing investments in infrastructure, which may be necessary to maintain a competitive business, integrate newly-acquired businesses, and establish scalable operations, increase our expenses. Our ability to manage credit risk and avoid high charge-off rates may be adversely affected by economic conditions that may be difficult to predict. We may face additional compliance and regulatory risk to the extent that we enter into new business arrangements with third-party service providers, alternative payment providers, or other industry participants. The additional expense, time, and resources needed to comply with ongoing regulatory requirements may adversely impact our business and results of operations. Our ability to manage our credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, compliance and legal risk, and strategic risk is critical to our success. The success of our home loans strategy depends upon our ability to market, originate, and sell mortgage loans. If we are unable to do so, our long-term strategy and overall success will be adversely affected. We expect operating expenses to increase in 2015, primarily due to planned marketing, technology, and infrastructure investments, as well as increased legal, regulatory, and compliance costs. We continue to face substantial and intense competition in the payments industry, which impacts our revenue margins, transaction volume, and business strategies. Our ability to increase card usage is dependent on customer satisfaction, which may be adversely affected by factors outside of our control, including competitors' actions and legislative/regulatory changes.