We use information technology and other computer resources to carry out important operational and marketing activities and to maintain our business records. These information technology systems are dependent upon global communications providers, web browsers, telephone systems, and other aspects of the internet infrastructure that have experienced security breaches, cyber-attacks, significant systems failures, and electrical outages in the past. A material breach in the security of our information technology systems or other data security controls could include the theft or release of customer, employee, or company data. We routinely utilize information technology security experts to assist us in our evaluations of the effectiveness of the security of our information technology systems, and we regularly enhance our security measures to protect our systems and data. However, we cannot provide assurances that a security breach, cyber-attack, data theft, or other significant systems or security failures will not occur in the future, and such occurrences could have a material and adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations or financial position. Our financial services operations are subject to a significant number of federal, state, and local laws and regulations, any of which may limit our ability to provide mortgage financing or title services to potential purchasers of our homes. The turmoil caused by the significant number of defaults and resulting foreclosures during the housing downturn has encouraged consumer lawsuits and the investigation of financial services industry practices by various governmental authorities. Our ability to meet our debt service and other obligations and the financial covenants under our revolving credit and mortgage repurchase facilities will depend, in part, upon our future financial performance. Our future results are subject to the risks and uncertainties described in this report. Our businesses are also affected by financial, political, business, and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. The factors that affect our ability to generate cash can also affect our ability to raise additional funds for these purposes through the sale of debt or equity, the refinancing of debt, or the sale of assets. We are also subject to an extensive number of laws and regulations because our common stock and debt securities are publicly traded in the capital markets. These regulations govern our communications with our shareholders and the capital markets, our financial statement disclosures, and our legal processes, and they also impact the work required to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm and our legal counsel. We believe that the liquidity provided by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and Ginnie Mae to the mortgage industry has been very important to the housing market. The mortgage loans originated by our financial services operations are generally sold to third-party purchasers. If we are unable to sell mortgage loans to purchasers on attractive terms, our ability to originate and sell mortgage loans at competitive prices could be limited, which would negatively affect our profitability. We regularly assess our projected capital requirements to fund future growth in our business, repay our longer-term debt obligations, and support our other general corporate and operational needs, and we regularly evaluate our opportunities to raise additional capital. We have a revolving credit facility, which currently provides committed loan financing through September 7, 2019, in an amount totaling $975 million. Adverse changes in market conditions could make the renewal of these facilities more difficult or could result in an increase in the cost of the facilities or a decrease in the committed amounts. The mortgage repurchase facility must be renewed annually and currently expires on February 27, 2015. We expect to renew and extend the term of the mortgage repurchase facility with similar terms prior to its maturity.