In addition to the factors affecting specific business operations identified in connection with the description of these operations and the financial results of these operations elsewhere in this report, the most significant factors affecting our operations include changes in technology and in consumer consumption patterns that may affect demand for our entertainment products, the revenue we can generate from these products or the cost of producing or distributing products. The media entertainment and internet businesses in which we participate increasingly depend on our ability to successfully adapt to shifting patterns of content consumption through the adoption and exploitation of new technologies. New technologies affect the demand for our products, the manner in which our products are distributed to consumers, the sources and nature of competing content offerings, and the options available to advertisers for reaching their desired audiences. This trend has disrupted and challenged the business model for certain traditional forms of distribution, as evidenced by the industry-wide decline in ratings for broadcast television and the development of alternative distribution channels for broadcast and cable programming. In order to respond to these developments, we may be required to alter our business models and there can be no assurance that we will successfully respond to these changes, that we will not experience disruption as we develop responses to the changes, or that the business models we develop will be as profitable as our current business models. Our businesses create entertainment, travel, or consumer products whose success depends substantially on consumer tastes and preferences that change in often unpredictable ways. The success of our businesses depends on our ability to consistently create and distribute filmed entertainment, broadcast and cable programming, online material, electronic games, theme park attractions, hotels and other resort facilities, and travel experiences that meet the changing preferences of the broad consumer market and respond to competition from an expanding array of choices facilitated by technological developments in the delivery of content. Moreover, we must often invest substantial amounts in film production, broadcast and cable programming, electronic games, theme park attractions, cruise ships, or hotels and other resort facilities before we learn the extent to which these products will earn consumer acceptance. If our entertainment offerings and products do not achieve sufficient consumer acceptance, our revenue from advertising sales, subscription fees for broadcast and cable programming and online services, theatrical film receipts, or home entertainment or electronic game sales may decline or fail to grow to the extent we anticipate when making investment decisions and thereby adversely affect the profitability of one or more of our businesses. The increase in infrastructure costs was due to the rollout of mymagic+, which reflects our investment in technology infrastructure aimed at enhancing operational efficiency and guest experience. The company believes that information about aggregate segment operating income assists investors by allowing them to evaluate changes in the operating results of the company's portfolio of businesses separate from factors other than business operations that affect net income. The company evaluates the performance of its operating segments based on segment operating income, and management uses aggregate segment operating income as a measure of the overall performance of the operating businesses. The increase in costs associated with technology deployment and infrastructure reflects our commitment to enhancing our IT capabilities to support business needs and improve operational flexibility.