Our properties depend upon the demand for technology-related real estate. A decrease in the demand for datacenter space, internet gateway facilities, or other technology-related real estate would have a greater adverse effect on our business and financial condition than if we owned a portfolio with a more diversified tenant base or less specialized use. Our substantial development activities make us particularly susceptible to general economic slowdowns, including recessions, as well as adverse developments in the corporate datacenter, internet and data communications, and broader technology industries. Any such slowdown or adverse development could lead to reduced corporate IT spending or reduced demand for datacenter space. Changes in industry practice or in technology, such as virtualization technology, more efficient or miniaturization of computing or networking devices, or devices that require higher power densities than today's devices, could also reduce demand for the physical datacenter space we provide or make the tenant improvements in our facilities obsolete or in need of significant upgrades to remain viable. The development of new technologies, the adoption of new industry standards, or other factors could render many of our tenants' current products and services obsolete or unmarketable and contribute to a downturn in their businesses, thereby increasing the likelihood that they default under their leases, become insolvent, or file for bankruptcy. Our growth depends on external sources of capital which are outside of our control. We expect to achieve our objectives by focusing on our core business of investing in and developing technology-related real estate. A significant component of our current and future internal growth is anticipated through the development of our existing space held for development and acquisition of new properties. We target high quality, strategically located properties containing applications and operations critical to the day-to-day operations of corporate enterprise datacenter and technology industry tenants and properties that may be developed for such use. We have developed detailed, standardized procedures for evaluating new real estate investments to ensure that they meet our financial, technical, and other criteria. Our ability to grow earnings depends in part on our ability to develop space and lease development space at favorable rates, which we may not be able to obtain. Our development activities make us particularly susceptible to general economic slowdowns, including recessions, as well as adverse developments in the corporate datacenter, internet and data communications, and broader technology industries. Any such slowdown or adverse development could lead to reduced corporate IT spending or reduced demand for datacenter space. We believe that demand continues to exceed supply in most markets in which we operate, particularly in Dallas, Northern Virginia, and Dublin; whereas we anticipate that our Silicon Valley market may be at risk of significant over-supply. However, until this inventory is leased up, which will depend on a number of factors, including available datacenter space in these markets, our return on invested capital is negatively impacted. Our properties require periodic investments of capital for tenant-related capital expenditures and for general capital improvements. We expect to incur significant tenant improvement costs to build out and develop these types of spaces. Our data center infrastructure may become obsolete, and we may not be able to upgrade our power and cooling systems cost-effectively, or at all. We rely upon our information technology systems to manage customer relationships, maintain access lists, and to maintain our financial and other business information. Unauthorized access to or disruption of these systems could result in, among other things, unauthorized access to our facilities, delays or interruptions to our ability to meet customer needs, breach of our legal or contractual obligations, or inability to access or rely upon critical business records.