The duke energy registrants' businesses are subject to extensive federal regulation that will affect their operations and costs. The potential for terrorism has subjected the duke energy registrants' operations to increased risks and could have a material adverse effect on their businesses. Information technology systems, transmission and distribution, and generation facilities such as nuclear plants could be potential targets of terrorist activities or harmful activities by individuals or groups. Cyberattacks and data security breaches could adversely affect the duke energy registrants' businesses. Information security risks have generally increased in recent years as a result of the proliferation of new technologies and the increased sophistication and frequency of cyberattacks and data security breaches. The utility industry requires the continued operation of sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure, which are part of an interconnected regional grid. Additionally, connectivity to the internet continues to increase through smart grid and other initiatives. Because of the critical nature of the infrastructure, increased connectivity to the internet and technology systems' inherent vulnerability to disability or failures due to hacking, viruses, acts of war or terrorism or other types of data security breaches, the duke energy registrants face a heightened risk of cyberattack. In the event of such an attack, the duke energy registrants could experience substantial loss of revenues, repair and restoration costs, implementation costs for additional security measures to avert future cyberattacks and other financial loss, and could be subject to increased regulation, litigation, and reputational damage. The duke energy registrants are committed to creating value and trust, while transforming their energy future. They focus on achieving financial objectives, completing important strategic initiatives, advancing a platform of growth initiatives, operational excellence, and the strengthening of coal ash management practices and plans to accelerate basin closure strategies resulting from the dan river coal ash spill. Duke energy's investments and projects located outside of the U.S. expose it to risks related to the laws, taxes, economic and political conditions, and policies of foreign governments, which may delay or reduce duke energy's realization of value from its international projects. The duke energy registrants' financial position, results of operations, and cash flows may be negatively affected by a lack of growth or slower growth in the number of customers, or decline in customer demand or number of customers. The duke energy registrants expect to incur increased fuel, purchased power, operation and maintenance, and other costs for replacement generation for potential coal-fired power plant retirements as a result of proposed and final regulations. The actual compliance costs incurred may be materially different from these estimates based on the timing and requirements of the final regulations. The duke energy registrants intend to seek rate recovery of appropriate amounts incurred associated with regulated operations in complying with these regulations. The coal ash act establishes a coal ash management commission to oversee handling of coal ash within the state and prohibits construction of new and expansion of existing ash impoundments. The duke energy registrants recognize certain groups associate severe weather events with climate change, and forecast the possibility these weather events could have a material impact on future results of operations should they occur more frequently and with greater severity. The duke energy registrants routinely take steps to reduce the potential impact of severe weather events on their electric distribution systems. The duke energy registrants' electric generating facilities are designed to withstand extreme weather events without significant damage. The duke energy registrants maintain an inventory of coal and oil on site to mitigate the effects of any potential short-term disruption in fuel supply so they can continue to provide customers with an uninterrupted supply of electricity.