We rely to a large extent upon information technology systems and infrastructure to operate our business. The size and complexity of our computer systems make them potentially vulnerable to breakdown, malicious intrusion and random attack. Recent acquisitions, including the Nalco and Champion transactions, have resulted in further decentralization of systems and additional complexity in the system's infrastructure. Likewise, data privacy breaches by employees and others with permitted access to our systems may pose a risk that sensitive data may be exposed to unauthorized persons or to the public. While we have invested in protection of data and information technology, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent breakdowns or breaches in our systems that could adversely affect our business. In addition to the energy restructuring plan and combined restructuring plan discussed under note 3, we continue to make investments and execute business initiatives to develop business systems and optimize our business structure as part of our ongoing efforts to improve our efficiency and returns. In particular, we continue to invest in our ERP systems to integrate and streamline our processes and to improve our competitiveness. These initiatives involve complex business process design and a breakdown in certain of these processes could result in business disruption. If the projects in which we are investing or the initiatives which we are pursuing are not successfully executed, our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows could be adversely affected. Our competitive market is made up of numerous global, national, regional and local competitors. Our ability to compete depends in part upon our ability to maintain a superior technological capability and to continue to identify, develop and commercialize innovative, high value-added products for niche applications. There can be no assurance that we will be able to accomplish this or that technological developments by our competitors will not place certain of our products at a competitive disadvantage in the future. If we fail to introduce new technologies on a timely basis, we may lose market share and our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows could be adversely affected. Our operations could be adversely affected if for any reason such officers or key employees did not remain with us. Our overall success as a global business depends, in part, upon our ability to succeed in differing economic, social, legal and political conditions. We may not continue to succeed in developing and implementing policies and strategies that are effective in each location where we do business, which could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows. We have significant operations outside the United States, including joint ventures and other alliances. There are inherent risks in our international operations, including difficulties in managing international operations and the burden of complying with foreign laws. Our business depends on our ability to comply with laws and governmental regulations, and we may be adversely affected by changes in laws and regulations. Compliance with these laws and regulations exposes us to potential financial liability and increases our operating costs. Regulation of our products and operations continues to increase with more stringent standards, causing increased costs of operations and potential for liability if a violation occurs. Our significant non-U.S. operations expose us to global economic, political and legal risks that could impact our profitability. We may also experience the recognition of a currency devaluation loss in future periods in the event we utilize current or future foreign exchange mechanisms established by the Venezuelan government.