We are currently making significant investments in our back office information technology systems, including those surrounding the customer experience from initial quote to customer billing, and upgrading our worldwide financial application suite. Commencing in 2012, we began a significant project to overhaul our back office systems that support the customer experience from initial quote to customer billing and our revenue recognition process. Additionally, commencing in 2013, we began to devote significant resources to the upgrade of our worldwide financial application suite from Oracle's version 11i to R12. Both projects have continued into 2015. While the Oracle financial application suite implementation was largely completed in July 2014 and the initial implementation of the systems to support our billing and revenue process was completed in August 2014, substantial work continues on our back office systems. As a result of that discontinued support and our continued work on these projects, we may experience difficulties with our systems, management distraction, and significant business disruptions. Difficulties with our systems may interrupt our ability to accept and deliver customer orders and may adversely impact our overall financial operations, including our accounts payable, accounts receivables, general ledger, close processes, internal financial controls, and our ability to otherwise run and track our business. We may need to expend significant attention, time, and resources to correct problems or find alternative sources for performing these functions. All of these changes to our financial systems create an increased risk of deficiencies in our internal controls over financial reporting until such systems are stabilized. Such significant investments in our back office systems may take longer to complete and cost more than originally planned. In addition, we may not realize the full benefits we hoped to achieve, and there is a risk of an impairment charge if we decide that portions of these projects will not ultimately benefit the company or are de-scoped. Our business depends on providing customers with highly reliable solutions. We must safeguard our customers’ infrastructure and equipment located in our IBX data centers. We own certain of our IBX data centers, but others are leased by us, and we rely on the landlord for basic maintenance of our leased IBX data centers. If such landlord has not maintained a leased property sufficiently, we may be forced into an early exit from the center, which could be disruptive to our business. Furthermore, we continue to acquire IBX data centers not built by us. If we discover that these IBX data centers and their infrastructure assets are not in the condition we expected when they were acquired, we may be required to incur substantial additional costs to repair or upgrade the centers. Our offerings have a long sales cycle that may harm our revenues and operating results. A customer’s decision to purchase our offerings typically involves a significant commitment of resources. In addition, some customers will be reluctant to commit to locating in our IBX data centers until they are confident that the IBX data center has adequate carrier connections. As a result, we have a long sales cycle. Furthermore, we may devote significant time and resources in pursuing a particular sale or customer that does not result in revenue. We have also significantly expanded our sales force in recent years, and it will take time for these new hires to become fully productive. Delays due to the length of our sales cycle may materially and adversely affect our revenues and operating results, which could harm our ability to meet our forecasts and cause volatility in our stock price.