This report contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of United States federal securities laws. Important factors that can cause our actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements include financial risks, fluctuations in the market prices of copper, gold, and oil, and changes in technology. Our operations are subject to extensive regulations, including those governing the safety of our pipelines, and compliance with these laws may from time to time result in delays in or changes to our development or expansion plans. Our business may be adversely affected by information technology disruptions. Cybersecurity incidents are increasing in frequency and evolving in nature, which could lead to disruptions in systems, unauthorized release of confidential information, and corruption of data. We have experienced cybersecurity incidents in the past and may experience them in the future. We believe we have implemented appropriate measures to mitigate potential risks. However, given the unpredictability of the timing, nature, and scope of information technology disruptions, we could be subject to manipulation or improper use of our systems and networks or financial losses from remedial actions, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Our international operations are subject to political, social, and geographic risks, including changes in another country's laws, regulations, and policies, which may impose increasingly onerous requirements on foreign operations and investment. Our exploration, development, and production activities outside of the U.S. may be substantially affected by many unpredictable factors beyond our control. Our business may be adversely affected by information technology disruptions. We maintain large leach pads and tailings impoundments containing viscous material, which are effectively large dams that must be engineered, constructed, and monitored to assure structural stability and avoid leakages or structural collapse. The failure of the systems or structures used to successfully manage these risks could result in significant personal injury, loss of life, property damage, and damage to the environment, as well as damage to production facilities and delays in or curtailments of production. Our operations are subject to extensive and complex laws and regulations that are subject to change and to changing interpretation by governmental agencies. We are also subject to extensive regulation of worker health and safety. Our operations must comply with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws of the other jurisdictions in which we operate. Our ability to replenish our reserves is essential to our long-term success, and our exploration projects involve many risks, require substantial expenditures, and may not result in the discovery of additional deposits or reservoirs that can be produced profitably. We have a broad set of natural resource assets that provide many alternatives for future actions to enhance our financial flexibility. We are committed to achieving our objective of funding oil and gas capital expenditures with oil and gas cash flows, third-party joint venture transactions, or asset sales. Our capital allocation strategy is principally focused on drilling and development opportunities that can be tied back to existing facilities. We are taking aggressive actions to reduce or defer capital expenditures and other costs and have initiated efforts to obtain third-party funding for a significant portion of our oil and gas capital expenditures to maintain financial strength and flexibility in response to recent sharp declines in oil prices.