We continue to expand the pursuit of our decision management strategy, which is designed to enable us to increase our business by selling multiple products to clients and developing custom client solutions that may lead to opportunities to develop new proprietary scores or other proprietary products. Our growth and the success of our decision management strategy depend upon our ability to develop and sell new products or suites of products. We have experienced delays while developing and introducing new products and product enhancements, primarily due to difficulties developing models, acquiring data, and adapting to particular operating environments. Our strategy relies on our ability to access new forms of data to develop custom and proprietary analytic tools. If we fail to maintain sufficient data sourcing relationships with our customers and business alliances, or if they decline to provide such data, we could lose access to required data, and the development of new products might become less effective. We also derive a substantial portion of our revenues from contracts with major credit reporting agencies, and the loss of or a significant change in a relationship with these agencies could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations. Our success depends, in part, upon our proprietary technology and other intellectual property rights. We have experienced difficulty in recruiting qualified personnel, especially technical, sales, and consulting personnel, which could hinder our ability to successfully manage our business. Our management approach includes an ongoing reengineering initiative designed to grow revenues through strategic resource allocation and improve profitability through cost reductions. We expect that part of the growth we seek to achieve through our decision management strategy will be derived from the sale of decision management products and service solutions in industries and markets we do not currently serve. The market for business analytics is new, rapidly evolving, and highly competitive, and we expect competition in this market to persist and intensify. Our ability to increase our revenues will depend to some extent upon introducing new products and services. If the marketplace does not accept these new products and services, our revenues may decline. We believe much of the future growth of our business and the success of our decision management strategy will rest on our ability to continue to expand into newer markets for our products and services. Our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to innovate by internally developing new and competitive technologies, use leading third-party technologies effectively, and continue to develop our technical expertise. Our products have long and variable sales cycles, and if we do not accurately predict these cycles, we may not forecast our financial results accurately. We face difficulty predicting the quarter in which sales will occur, and this may cause fluctuations in our revenues and operating results. Our revenues depend, to a great extent, upon conditions in the banking and insurance industries. If our clients' industries experience uncertainty, it will likely harm our business, financial condition, or results of operations. We have a significant share of the available market in portions of our scores segment and for certain services in our applications segment. Our revenues derived from clients outside the U.S. have generally grown and may in the future grow more rapidly than our revenues from domestic clients. We are subject to various proceedings, lawsuits, and claims relating to products and services, technology, labor, shareholder, and other matters, which may require significant judgment in assessing potential liabilities.