We are subject to significant risks and uncertainties, including those related to our ability to innovate or adapt our services to changes in technology or in the marketplace. Our future success will be significantly affected by our ability to enhance our current services and develop and introduce new services that address the increasingly sophisticated needs of our clients and their customers. The markets for our services are characterized by constant technological changes, frequent introductions of new services, and evolving industry standards. We operate in a competitive business environment, and if we are unable to compete effectively, our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. We face direct competition from third parties, and many of our larger potential clients have historically developed their key applications in-house, viewing their system requirements from a make-versus-buy perspective. We expect that the markets in which we compete will continue to attract new competitors and new technologies. Our clients seek to provide a single integrated banking experience through their branch, mobile, internet, and voice banking channels. We are focused on enabling our clients to deliver this experience to their customers through our integrated solutions and services. We continue to innovate and invest in these integrated solutions to assist clients as they address market demand. High-profile North American merchant payment card information security breaches have pushed the payment card industry towards EMV integrated circuit cards as financial institutions, card networks, and merchants seek to improve information security and reduce fraud costs. Our investments in card management solutions and card manufacturing and processing capabilities are intended to accommodate EMV integrated circuit cards. We believe the trend to migrate to EMV cards will accelerate, and we continue to invest to address market demand. Our consulting services revenue grew at an increased pace, driven by market pressures in the financial services industry that are driving demand for our consulting and professional services as many financial institutions seek to transform their businesses to significantly reduce their cost base, innovate, and comply with increased regulatory oversight regarding information technology and related processes. We have made significant, incremental investments in management, sales, and account management resources to address these opportunities. Our integrated solutions and outsourced services are well positioned to address the outsourcing trend across the markets we serve. We believe that our client relationships, payments infrastructure, and experience, adapted solutions, and emerging solutions are well positioned to maintain or grow our clients' existing payment volumes. Our ability to maintain compliance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations and to manage and monitor the risks facing our business relies upon maintaining skilled compliance, security, risk, and audit professionals. The ongoing need for effective information security and risk management technology, programs, and procedures is critical to our successful operation. We are focused on making strategic investments in information security to protect our clients and our information systems, including both capital expenditures and operating expenses on hardware, software, personnel, and consulting services. The regulatory agencies that provide oversight for our business regularly examine our information security and risk management functions. We are unable to predict with certainty what, if any, further communications our regulators will have with our regulated financial institution clients.