Our revenues were concentrated with the U.S. government, and approximately 60 percent of our revenues are from the U.S. government. The ongoing development of high-technology products and the price, availability, and quality of commodities and subsystems are common risks shared by our defense and business-aviation operations. The long-term outlook for our U.S. defense business is influenced by the relevance of our programs to the U.S. military's funding priorities, our ability to evolve our products to address a fast-changing threat environment, and our proven track record of successful contract execution. We continue to pursue opportunities outside the U.S. presented by demand for military equipment and information technologies from our non-U.S. operations and through exports from our North American businesses. Our future success depends in part on our ability to develop new products and technologies and maintain a qualified workforce to meet the needs of our customers. Many of the products and services we provide involve sophisticated technologies and engineering, with related complex manufacturing and system integration processes. Our customers' requirements change and evolve regularly, and our future performance depends on our ability to continue to develop, manufacture, and provide innovative products and services and bring those offerings to market quickly at cost-effective prices. We have made and expect to continue to make investments, including acquisitions and joint ventures, that involve risks and uncertainties. When evaluating potential mergers and acquisitions, we make judgments regarding the value of business opportunities, technologies, and other assets and the risks and costs of potential liabilities based on information available to us at the time of the transaction. Our ability to perform our obligations may be materially adversely affected if one or more of our suppliers is unable to provide the agreed-upon supplies, perform the agreed-upon services in a timely and cost-effective manner, or engages in misconduct or other improper activities. Our information systems and technology group's revenues decreased in 2014 primarily due to lower volume on several programs, including our commercial wireless work. Despite the revenue decline, the group's operating margins increased 90 basis points in 2014, the result of solid operating performance and ongoing cost-reduction efforts across all our lines of business. We consolidated two businesses in the group effective in January 2015 in an effort to be more efficient and responsive to our customers. Our business could be negatively impacted by cybersecurity events and other disruptions. We face various cybersecurity threats, including threats to our information technology infrastructure and attempts to gain access to our proprietary or classified information, denial of service attacks, as well as threats to the physical security of our facilities and employees. We maintain information security policies and procedures for managing all systems. We have experienced cybersecurity threats to our information technology infrastructure and attempts to gain access to our sensitive information, including viruses and attacks by hackers. Future threats could cause harm to our business and our reputation and challenge our eligibility for future work on sensitive or classified systems for U.S. government customers, as well as impact our results of operations materially. We face challenges in managing our supplier base to avoid customer issues, and we sometimes rely on only one or two sources of supply that, if disrupted, could have an adverse effect on our ability to meet our customer commitments. Our ability to perform on our contracts is dependent on the productivity and availability of labor, the complexity of the work to be performed, and the cost and availability of materials and components.