We are dependent upon information technology systems, infrastructure, and data. The multitude and complexity of our computer systems make them inherently vulnerable to service interruption or destruction, malicious intrusion, and random attack. Cyberattacks are increasing in their frequency, sophistication, and intensity, which could include the deployment of harmful malware, denial-of-service, social engineering, and other means to affect service reliability and threaten data confidentiality, integrity, and availability. While we have invested, and continue to invest, in the protection of our data and information technology infrastructure, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent service interruptions or identify breaches in our systems that could adversely affect our business and operations and/or result in the loss of critical or sensitive information, which could result in financial, legal, business, or reputational harm to us. Our operations depend on compliance with complex FDA and comparable international regulations. Failure to obtain broad approvals on a timely basis or to maintain compliance could delay or halt commercialization of our products. We are continuing clinical trials for various products and anticipate filing for marketing approval in additional countries and for additional indications and products over the next several years. Our existing products are subject to reimbursement from government agencies and other third parties. Pharmaceutical pricing and reimbursement pressures may reduce profitability. Successful commercialization of our products depends, in part, on the availability of governmental and third-party payer reimbursement for the cost of such products and related treatments. We may not be able to sustain or increase the growth rate of sales of our products, especially if we fail to commercialize new products or expand the indications for existing products. We face significant competition from large global pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, specialized pharmaceutical firms, and generic drug manufacturers. Our HCV products, Sovaldi and Harvoni, compete with other products in the market, and we have observed some pricing pressure related to these products. We face challenges in clinical trial protocol design and rely on third-party contract research organizations to conduct our clinical trials, which may affect the timing, conduct, expense, and quality of our clinical trials. We depend on relationships with other companies for sales and marketing performance, development, and commercialization of product candidates and revenues. Failure to maintain these relationships or poor performance by these companies could negatively impact our business. We rely on a number of significant collaborative relationships with major pharmaceutical companies for our sales and marketing performance in certain territories. The use of specialty pharmacies requires significant coordination with our sales and marketing, medical affairs, regulatory affairs, legal, and finance organizations and involves risks, including the risk that these specialty pharmacies will not provide us with accurate or timely information regarding their inventories, patient data, or safety complaints. We also rely on a third party to administer our restricted distribution program designed to support Letairis, which could result in regulatory action from the FDA or decreased Letairis sales if not performed as expected. Our success will depend to a significant degree on our ability to defend our patents and other intellectual property rights both domestically and internationally.