Our businesses are highly dependent on our ability to process and monitor, on a daily basis, a very large number of transactions, many of which are highly complex and occur at very high volumes and frequencies, across numerous and diverse markets in many currencies. As our client base, and our geographical reach expands, and the volume, speed, frequency and complexity of transactions, especially electronic transactions increases, developing and maintaining our operational systems and infrastructure becomes more challenging. We must continuously update these systems to support our operations and growth and to respond to changes in regulations and markets, and invest heavily in systemic controls and training to ensure that such transactions do not violate applicable rules and regulations or, due to errors in processing such transactions, adversely affect markets, our clients and counterparties or the firm. Our operational risk management framework is built around comprehensive policies and procedures designed to minimize operational risks, including those arising from technology failures and human error. We employ a rigorous framework of limits to control risk across multiple transactions, products, businesses, and markets, including setting credit and market risk limits at a variety of levels and monitoring these limits on a daily basis. Our risk management technology is designed to ensure that it consistently provides us with complete, accurate, and timely information. We have invested significantly in technology to monitor market risk, including independent calculations of value-at-risk (var) and stress measures, which are critical for assessing and managing risk. Our technology infrastructure supports the dynamic limit setting framework and constant communication among revenue-producing units, risk managers, and senior management. We also focus on the rigor and effectiveness of our risk systems, ensuring that they facilitate the collection of data used to analyze and assess our operational risk exposure. The firmwide technology risk committee oversees cyber security matters and technology risk management frameworks, ensuring that our technology capabilities align with our risk management objectives. Our operational systems and infrastructure must be resilient to disruptions, including those caused by cyber attacks or human error, which could impair our liquidity, disrupt our businesses, result in the disclosure of confidential information, damage our reputation, and cause losses. We continuously monitor and develop our systems to protect our technology infrastructure and data from misappropriation or corruption. Our businesses are also subject to extensive regulation, which requires us to adapt our technology and operational processes to comply with evolving legal and regulatory standards. The growth of electronic trading and the introduction of new trading technology may adversely affect our business and may increase competition, necessitating ongoing investment in technology capabilities to maintain our competitive advantage. We recognize that effective risk management requires our people to interpret our risk data on an ongoing and timely basis and adjust risk positions accordingly, reinforcing a culture of effective risk management through training and development programs.