The proper functioning of Grainger's information systems, including its websites, is critical to the successful operation of its business. Grainger continues to invest in software, hardware, and network infrastructures in order to effectively manage its information systems and websites. Grainger's ability to provide same-day shipping and next-day delivery is an integral component of the business strategy, and any disruption in information systems could adversely impact results of operations. Interruptions in the proper functioning of information systems could disrupt operations and cause unanticipated increases in costs and/or decreases in revenues. If critical information systems fail or otherwise become unavailable, Grainger's ability to process orders, maintain proper levels of inventories, collect accounts receivable, and disburse funds could be adversely affected. Breaches of information systems security could damage Grainger's reputation, disrupt operations, increase costs, and/or decrease revenues. Grainger collects and stores confidential information that customers provide to purchase products or services, enroll in promotional programs, and register on the website. Despite instituted safeguards for the protection of such information, computer hackers may attempt to penetrate Grainger's or its vendors' information systems. Loss of customer, supplier, employee, or other business information could disrupt operations, damage Grainger's reputation, and expose Grainger to claims from customers, suppliers, financial institutions, regulators, and other persons, any of which could have an adverse effect on Grainger's financial condition and results of operations. Compliance with tougher privacy and information security laws and standards may result in significant additional expense due to increased investment in technology and the development of new operational processes. Grainger's strategic relationships with key vendors are essential, and the inability to maintain those relations might result in a loss of competitive pricing advantages. Grainger's operations are primarily in the United States and Canada, with a presence also in Europe, Asia, and Latin America. Grainger uses a combination of multichannel and single-channel online business models to provide customers with a range of options for finding and purchasing products. Grainger's ability to attract, retain, and motivate key employees, including those in managerial, technical, sales, marketing, and support positions, is crucial for competitive advantage. Grainger's continued success is substantially dependent on positive perceptions of its reputation, which is built over many years. Grainger plans to continue to make investments in its supply chain, information systems, e-commerce, sales force, and inventory management services, which are expected to accelerate market share growth and increase Grainger's size and scale. Grainger has invested in technology infrastructure, vending machines for the KeepStock program, and normal recurring replacement of equipment. In 2015, capital expenditures are expected to include continued investments in the supply chain, technology infrastructure, e-commerce, and support of sales initiatives. Grainger's ability to pass on cost increases to customers is dependent upon market conditions, and the ability to achieve sales growth through increased prices is subject to inflation and normal competitive conditions. The overall economy and leading economic indicators provide general insight into projecting Grainger's growth, with sales in the United States and Canada tending to positively correlate with gross domestic product, industrial production, exports, and business investment.