We believe a critical component of our growth strategy is our ability to successfully recruit and strategically collaborate with physicians and other professionals to provide high-quality care. We depend on the quality and dedication of the health care providers and other team members who serve at our facilities. We have implemented a number of initiatives including advanced health information technology and evidence-based medicine programs. We routinely analyze operational practices from our best-performing hospitals to identify ways to implement organization-wide performance improvements and reduce clinical variation. We believe these initiatives will continue to improve patient care, help us achieve cost efficiencies, grow our revenues, and favorably position us in an environment where our constituents are increasingly focused on quality, efficacy, and efficiency. We have invested significant resources to refine and improve our billing systems and the information system data used to make contractual allowance estimates. We have developed standardized calculation processes and related training programs to improve the utility of our patient accounting systems. The provision for doubtful accounts and the allowance for doubtful accounts relate primarily to amounts due directly from patients, including copayment and deductible amounts for patients who have health care coverage. The amount of the provision for doubtful accounts is based upon management's assessment of historical write-offs and expected net collections, business and economic conditions, trends in federal, state, and private employer health care coverage, and other collection indicators. We perform the hindsight analysis quarterly, utilizing rolling twelve-month accounts receivable collection and write-off data. We believe our quarterly updates to the estimated allowance for doubtful accounts at each of our hospital facilities provide reasonable valuations of our accounts receivable. The estimated fair value of our long-term debt was $30.861 billion at December 31, 2014. The average effective interest rate for our long-term debt declined from 6.5% for 2013 to 6.1% for 2014. We recognize income related to Medicare and Medicaid incentive payments using a gain contingency model that is based upon when our eligible hospitals have demonstrated meaningful use of certified electronic health record technology for the applicable period. We incurred and will continue to incur both capital costs and operating expenses in order to implement our certified EHR technology and meet meaningful use requirements. The timing of recognizing the expenses may not correlate with the receipt of the incentive payments and the recognition of incentive income. We expect adjustments during the next 12 months related to Medicare and Medicaid cost report filings and settlements will result in increases to revenues generally similar to the amounts recorded during 2014 and 2013. We have a strong record of successfully acquiring and integrating hospitals and entering into joint ventures and intend to continue leveraging this experience. We routinely analyze operational practices from our best-performing hospitals to identify ways to implement organization-wide performance improvements and reduce clinical variation. Our ability to achieve operating and financial targets, and attain expected levels of patient volumes and control the costs of providing services, remains essential to our operational efficiency and overall firm performance.