The company’s operational excellence and ability to expand profit faster than sales growth is due in part to a consistent, methodical application of several key internal business processes, the honeywell enablers, which drive improvements in organizational efficiency and service quality, bringing world-class products and services to markets faster and more cost effectively for our customers. We achieved strong segment profit expansion while reinvesting in our businesses through seed planting and continued focus on effective repositioning. The company continues to invest for future growth as measured by a number of important metrics: R&D spending at 4.7% of revenues was targeted at such high growth areas as natural gas processing, low global warming refrigerants and blowing agents, avionics equipment and technology, connected voice and wireless control devices and technologies, software and mobile app development and data science to deliver value. Our future growth is largely dependent upon our ability to develop new technologies and introduce new products that achieve market acceptance in highly competitive markets with acceptable margins. We regularly review our portfolio of businesses and pursue growth through acquisitions and seek to divest non-core businesses. We may not be able to complete transactions on favorable terms, on a timely basis or at all. In addition, our results of operations and cash flows may be adversely impacted by the failure of acquired businesses to meet or exceed expected returns, the failure to integrate acquired businesses into honeywell on schedule and/or to achieve expected synergies, and the inability to dispose of non-core assets and businesses on satisfactory terms and conditions. The company’s operational risks include the ability of key suppliers to meet quality and delivery requirements, or catastrophic events that can increase the cost of our products and services, impact our ability to meet commitments to customers and cause us to incur significant liabilities. Our future growth rate depends upon a number of factors, including our ability to identify emerging technological trends in our target end-markets, develop and maintain competitive products, enhance our products by adding innovative features that differentiate our products from those of our competitors, and develop, manufacture and bring new products to market quickly and cost-effectively. We seek productivity and cost savings benefits through repositioning actions and projects, such as consolidation of manufacturing facilities, transitions to cost-competitive regions and product line rationalizations. The company’s operational efficiency is enhanced by the honeywell operating system (hos gold), velocity product development, functional transformation and the honeywell user experience. We continue to monitor our portfolio of businesses to ensure they fit our long-term strategic plan. Our ability to manage inventory and meet delivery requirements may be constrained by our suppliers’ inability to scale production and adjust delivery of long-lead time products during times of volatile demand. Cybersecurity incidents could disrupt business operations, result in the loss of critical and confidential information, and adversely impact our reputation and results of operations. We seek to deploy comprehensive measures to prevent, detect, address and mitigate these threats, including access controls, data encryption, vulnerability assessments, continuous monitoring of our IT networks and systems and maintenance of backup and protective systems. The potential consequences of a material cybersecurity incident include reputational damage, litigation with third parties, and increased cybersecurity protection and remediation costs, which could adversely affect our competitiveness and results of operations. The company’s future growth is supported by our ability to drive organic growth through expansion of our localized footprint in high growth regions, including china, india, eastern europe, the middle east and latin america.