The company seeks to drive greater agility, productivity, flexibility, and cost savings by transforming and globally integrating its own business processes and functions to remain competitive and enable scaling of resources and offerings in both emerging and more established markets. These various initiatives may not yield their intended gains in speed, quality, productivity, and enablement of rapid scaling, which may impact the company's competitiveness and its ability to meet its growth and productivity objectives. IBM has been moving away from certain segments of the IT industry and into areas in which it can differentiate itself through innovation and by leveraging its investments in R&D. If IBM is unable to continue its cutting-edge innovation in a highly competitive environment or is unable to commercialize such innovations, expand and scale them with sufficient speed, the company could fail in its ongoing efforts to maintain and increase its market share and its profit margins. The company continues to invest significantly in its strategic imperatives to drive revenue growth and market share gains. Client adoption rates and viable economic models are less certain in the high-value, highly competitive, and rapidly-growing segments, and new delivery models may unfavorably impact demand and profitability for other products or services. As the company expands to capture emerging growth opportunities, it needs to rapidly secure the appropriate mix of trained, skilled, and experienced personnel, and develop ecosystems and collaborative partnerships. The company's products, services, and systems may affect critical third-party operations or involve the storage, processing, and transmission of proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data, including valuable intellectual property and personal information of employees, customers, and others. Cybersecurity and privacy considerations could impact the company's business, as successful breaches could result in unauthorized access to, disclosure, modification, misuse, loss, or destruction of company, customer, or other third-party data or systems. The company experiences and responds to cybersecurity threats, although none has had a material adverse effect on the company to date. As these threats develop and grow, the company may also find it necessary to make significant further investments to protect data and infrastructure. The company's internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements because of its inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error, the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud. If the company fails to maintain the adequacy of its internal controls, including any failure to implement required new or improved controls, the company's business and operating results could be harmed. Much of the future success of the company depends on the continued service, availability, and integrity of skilled personnel, including technical, marketing, and staff resources. Skilled and experienced personnel in the areas where the company competes are in high demand, and competition for their talents is intense. The company's business employs a wide variety of components, supplies, services, and raw materials from a substantial number of suppliers around the world. Changes in the business condition of these suppliers could subject the company to losses and affect its ability to bring products to market. The company is subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign laws and regulations concerning the discharge of materials into the environment or otherwise related to environmental protection. Compliance with environmental laws and regulations is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the company's financial position, results of operations, and competitive position. The company derives a significant percentage of its revenues and costs from its affiliates operating in local currency environments, and those results are affected by changes in the relative values of non-U.S. currencies and the U.S. dollar.