We operate global marketplaces for trading and clearing a broad array of securities and derivatives contracts across major asset classes, including energy and agricultural commodities, interest rates, equities, equity derivatives, credit derivatives, bonds, and currencies. Our business is conducted as a single reportable business segment, and substantially all of our identifiable assets are located in the United States, United Kingdom, continental Europe, Israel, Canada, and Singapore. The business environment has been characterized by increasing competition among global markets for trading volumes and listings; the globalization of exchanges, customers, and competitors; market participants' demand for speed, capacity, and reliability, which requires continuing investment in technology; and increasing competition for market data revenues. We have diversified our business so that we are less subject to the reduction in volatility, trading activity, or participation in any one asset class. We continue to focus on our strategy to broaden and diversify our revenue streams, as well as on our company-wide expense reduction initiatives in connection with our acquisition of NYSE in order to mitigate these uncertainties. We also periodically make adjustments to our contract specifications aimed at making the contracts more relevant to more customers and their evolving hedging needs. Our technology support services consist of costs for running our wholly-owned data centers, hosting costs paid to third-party data centers, and maintenance of our computer hardware and software required to support our technology. These costs are driven by system capacity, functionality, and redundancy requirements. Technology and communication expenses increased the last two years, compared to the prior year, primarily due to the inclusion of NYSE expenses following our acquisition, acquisitions, and growth in various contract volumes. We recognized $132 million and $13 million in technology and communication expenses relating to NYSE during the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. Our transaction and clearing fees are reported on a net basis and consist of fees collected from our derivatives trading and clearing and, subsequent to our acquisition of NYSE, from our U.S. cash trading and U.S. equity options businesses. We earn transaction and clearing fees from both counterparties to each contract that is traded and/or cleared. The amount of our per-contract transaction and clearing fees will depend upon many factors, including market conditions, transaction and clearing volume, pricing, product mix, and new product introductions. Our investment in technology is critical to maintaining operational efficiency and supporting market participants' trading and risk management activities. We have incurred acquisition-related transaction and integration costs during the year ended December 31, 2014, primarily relating to our integration of NYSE and the acquisitions of SMX, Superderivatives, HCH, and True Office. The acquisition-related transaction costs include fees for investment banking advisors, lawyers, accountants, tax advisors, and public relations firms, as well as costs associated with credit facilities and other external costs directly related to the proposed or closed transactions. Our clearing houses hold material amounts of clearing member cash deposits which are invested primarily to provide security of capital. We limit our exposure to credit risk by rigorously selecting the counterparties with which we make our investments and execute agreements. We seek to substantially mitigate credit risk associated with investments by ensuring that these financial assets are placed with governments, well-capitalized financial institutions, and other creditworthy counterparties. The maintenance and growth of our revenues could also be impacted if we face increased pressure on pricing. The implementation of new regulations may impact participation in our markets.