The industry in which we operate is highly competitive and subject to rapid technological and market developments, changes in industry standards, changes in customer needs, and frequent product introductions and improvements. If we do not anticipate and respond to these developments, our competitive position may weaken, and our products or technologies might be uncompetitive or obsolete. To be successful, we need to cultivate new industry relationships with customers and partners in these market segments. Additionally, we must continually improve the cost, integration, and energy efficiency of our products as well as expand our software capabilities to provide customers with comprehensive computing solutions. Our R&D efforts are critical to our success and are aimed at solving complex problems, and we do not expect all of our projects to be successful. We may be unable to develop and market new products successfully, and the products we invest in and develop may not be well-received by customers. Our R&D investments may not generate significant operating income or contribute to our future operating results for several years, and such contributions may not meet our expectations or even cover the costs of such investments. We face significant competition, and our ability to compete effectively is contingent upon our management capability, innovation partnerships, and strategic resource allocation. Our operations could be affected by factors outside of our control, including global and local economic conditions, geopolitical and security issues, and natural disasters. We maintain business recovery plans that are intended to allow us to recover from natural disasters or other events that can be disruptive to our business; however, some of our systems are not fully redundant, and we cannot be sure that our plans will fully protect us from all such disruptions. We are subject to cybersecurity and privacy risks, as third parties might attempt to gain unauthorized access to our network or seek to compromise our products and services. We regularly face attempts by others to gain unauthorized access through the internet or to introduce malicious software to our information technology systems. We believe such attempts are increasing in number and in technical sophistication. While we seek to detect and investigate all unauthorized attempts and attacks against our network, products, and services, we remain potentially vulnerable to additional known or unknown threats. Such incidents could result in incurring significant costs related to rebuilding internal systems, providing modifications to our products and services, and defending against litigation. Our ability to grow or modify our manufacturing capability in the future may be impeded by environmental regulations, such as air quality and wastewater requirements. Environmental laws and regulations could also require us to acquire pollution abatement or remediation equipment, modify product designs, or incur other expenses. Our ability to attract, retain, and motivate key employees is critical to our business, and competition for experienced employees can be intense. We must attract, retain, and motivate executives and other key employees to remain competitive. Our investments in companies for strategic reasons may not realize a return, and the success of our investment in any company is typically dependent on the availability of additional funding on favorable terms. We are subject to risks associated with the development and implementation of new manufacturing process technology, and we may not be successful or efficient in developing or implementing new production processes. Our reliance on third-party providers to manufacture, assemble, and test certain components or products exposes us to risks, including supply delays or disruptions that could adversely affect our financial results.