The company's enterprise strategy is centered on three key initiatives—portfolio management, business structure simplification, and strategic sourcing—which are expected to enhance the business through 2017 and are targeted at expanding organic revenue growth and improving profitability and returns. The foundation of this strategy is a set of business practices referred to as the ITW business model consisting of three core elements: the 80/20 business process, customer-back innovation, and a decentralized entrepreneurial culture. The 80/20 business process focuses on what is most important and aims to reduce complexity that often creates unnecessary expense and disguises what is truly important. This process is utilized in all aspects of the business, including simplifying product lines, segmenting the customer base, and designing business processes around the 80/20 activities. The customer-back approach to innovation builds on the 80/20 business process to help ITW businesses focus on the most profitable customers and invent solutions to solve their specific problems, emphasizing the importance of building relationships with major customers to develop deep knowledge and insight around their needs. The decentralized entrepreneurial culture allows ITW businesses significant flexibility within the framework of the ITW business model to customize their approach to best serve their customers, leading to operational excellence adapted to their customers and end markets. The company's portfolio management initiative aims to construct a business portfolio that leverages the company's differentiated business model and growth potential, with a focus on product line and customer base simplification that eliminates complexity and overhead costs. The business structure simplification initiative simplifies the organizational model and adds scale to the operating divisions to increase organic revenue growth, enhance global competitiveness, and drive operational efficiencies. The strategic sourcing initiative focuses on building sourcing capability to leverage purchasing scale to enhance profitability and global competitiveness. The company's ability to develop new products based on innovation can affect its competitive position and sometimes requires the investment of significant time and resources. Difficulties or delays in research, development, production, or commercialization of new products and services may reduce future revenues and adversely affect the company's competitive position. The company's decentralized operating structure allows individual businesses significant decision-making autonomy within the strategic framework and internal financial and compliance controls. The company cannot ensure that its internal controls will always protect against reckless or criminal acts committed by its employees, agents, or business partners. The company's results are impacted by global economic conditions, and downturns in the markets served could adversely affect its businesses, results of operations, or financial condition. The company has made significant progress on its business structure simplification and strategic sourcing initiatives, but scaling up smaller businesses into larger businesses and leveraging purchasing power across businesses involves some execution risk. The company’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. The company’s enterprise initiatives are expected to improve future operating margins and organic revenue growth, although they may have a negative impact on the company's overall organic revenue growth in the short term.