JPMorgan Chase's businesses and operations are increasingly subject to heightened governmental and regulatory oversight and scrutiny, which may lead to additional regulatory investigations or enforcement actions. The firm continues to devote substantial resources to satisfying the requirements of regulatory consent orders and other settlements, including enhancing its procedures and controls, expanding its risk and control functions within its lines of business, and investing in technology. The firm's businesses are dependent on its ability to process, record, and monitor an increasingly large number of complex transactions and to do so on a faster and more frequent basis. The firm's front- and back-office trading systems rely on their access to, and on the functionality of, the operating systems maintained by third parties such as clearing and payment systems, central counterparties, securities exchanges, and data processing and technology companies. If the firm's financial, accounting, trading, or other data processing systems, or the operating systems of third parties on which the firm's businesses are dependent, are unable to meet these increasingly demanding standards, or if they fail or have other significant shortcomings, the firm could be materially and adversely affected. The firm has established processes and procedures intended to identify, measure, monitor, report, and analyze the types of risk to which it is subject, but there are inherent limitations to the firm's risk management strategies. The firm's risk management framework seeks to mitigate risk and loss, and any lapse in the firm's risk management framework and governance structure could materially and adversely affect the firm's financial condition and results of operations. The firm must comply with enhanced standards for the assessment and management of risks associated with vendors and other third parties that provide services to the firm. The firm has incurred and expects to incur additional costs and expenses in connection with its initiatives to address the risks associated with oversight of its third-party relationships. The firm's ability to attract and retain qualified employees is critical to its success, and competition for qualified personnel is intense. The firm endeavors to attract talented and diverse new employees and retain and motivate its existing employees. The firm's reputation is critical to its ability to attract and maintain customers, investors, and employees, and damage to the firm's reputation can cause significant harm to its business and prospects. The firm's businesses generally compete on the basis of the quality and variety of its products and services, transaction execution, innovation, reputation, and price, and ongoing or increased competition may require the firm to make additional capital investments in its businesses in order to remain competitive. The firm's operations are subject to risk of loss from unfavorable economic, monetary, and political developments in the U.S. and around the world, and the firm's businesses and revenue are also subject to risks inherent in investing and market-making in securities, loans, and other obligations of companies worldwide. The firm must also navigate complex regulatory environments in various jurisdictions, which can impose additional compliance costs and operational risks. The firm's reliance on the integrity of its operating systems and employees, and those of third parties, is crucial, as failures or misconduct could materially and adversely affect the firm's operations. The firm maintains a global resiliency and crisis management program intended to ensure that it can recover its critical business functions and supporting assets in the event of a business interruption. However, there can be no assurance that such plans will fully mitigate all potential business continuity risks to the firm or its customers and clients.