Our information technology systems serve an important role in the efficient and effective operation and administration of our business. These systems could be damaged or cease to function properly due to catastrophic events, power outages, security breaches, computer viruses, or cyber-based attacks. While we have contingency plans in place to prevent or mitigate the impact of these events, if they were to occur and our disaster recovery plans do not effectively address the issues on a timely basis, we could suffer interruptions in our ability to manage our operations, which may adversely affect our business and financial results. Increased cyber-security threats and computer crime also pose a potential risk to the security of our information technology systems, including those of third-party service providers with whom we have contracted, as well as the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the data stored on those systems. Any breach in our information technology security systems could result in the disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information, including sensitive customer, vendor, employee, or investor information maintained in the ordinary course of our business. Any such event could cause damage to our reputation, loss of valuable information, or loss of revenue and could result in large expenditures to investigate or remediate, to recover data, to repair or replace networks or information systems, or to protect against similar future events. Our ability to develop new products is affected by whether we can successfully anticipate consumer needs and preferences, develop and fund technological innovations, and receive and maintain necessary patent and trademark protection. The introduction of a new consumer product usually requires substantial expenditures for advertising and marketing to gain recognition in the marketplace. If a product gains consumer acceptance, it normally requires continued advertising and promotional support to maintain its relative market position. Our international operations are subject to foreign market risks, including foreign exchange risk, currency restrictions, and political, social, and economic instability, which may adversely affect our financial results. We may be unable to anticipate or adequately respond to changes in consumer demand for our products. Demand for our products may change based on many factors, including shifting consumer purchasing patterns to lower-cost options such as private-label products and mid to lower-tier value products. Our strategy includes growing our operations outside the U.S., especially in developing markets such as China, Latin America, and Eastern Europe. We are increasingly dependent on key retailers, and some of these retailers may have significant bargaining power. They may use this leverage to demand higher trade discounts or allowances which could lead to reduced profitability. We may also be negatively affected by changes in the policies of our retail trade customers, such as inventory de-stocking, limitations on access to shelf space, delisting of our products, additional requirements related to safety, environmental, social, and other sustainability issues, and other conditions. The inability to effectively manage foreign market risk could adversely affect our business, consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity. Our ongoing efforts to reduce costs will be critical, including implementing restructuring programs in functions or areas of our business where we believe such opportunities exist. The successful implementation of our restructuring plan presents significant organizational challenges, including successfully managing relationships and realizing all of the expected benefits of the program.