We rely on networks and information systems and other technology ("information systems"), including the internet and third-party hosted services, to support a variety of business processes and activities, including procurement and supply chain, manufacturing, distribution, invoicing and collection of payments. We use information systems to process financial information and results of operations for internal reporting purposes and to comply with regulatory financial reporting and legal and tax requirements. In addition, we depend on information systems for digital marketing activities and electronic communications among our locations around the world and between company personnel and our bottlers and other customers, suppliers and consumers. Because information systems are critical to many of the company's operating activities, our business may be impacted by system shutdowns, service disruptions or security breaches. These incidents may be caused by failures during routine operations such as system upgrades or user errors, as well as network or hardware failures, malicious or disruptive software, computer hackers, rogue employees or contractors, cyber-attacks by criminal groups or activist organizations, geopolitical events, natural disasters, failures or impairments of telecommunications networks, or other catastrophic events. In addition, such incidents could result in unauthorized disclosure of material confidential information. If our information systems suffer severe damage, disruption or shutdown and our business continuity plans do not effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner, we could experience delays in reporting our financial results, and we may lose revenue and profits as a result of our inability to timely manufacture, distribute, invoice and collect payments for concentrate or finished products. Misuse, leakage or falsification of information could result in a violation of data privacy laws and regulations, damage the reputation and credibility of the company and have a negative impact on net operating revenues. In addition, we may suffer financial and reputational damage because of lost or misappropriated confidential information belonging to us, our current or former employees, or to our bottling partners, other customers, suppliers or consumers, and may become subject to legal action and increased regulatory oversight. The company could also be required to spend significant financial and other resources to remedy the damage caused by a security breach or to repair or replace networks and information systems. Like most major corporations, the company's information systems are a target of attacks. Although the incidents that we have experienced to date have not had a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations, there can be no assurance that such incidents will not have a material adverse effect on us in the future. In order to address risks to our information systems, we continue to make investments in personnel, technologies, cyber-insurance and training of company personnel. The company maintains an information risk management program which is supervised by information technology management and reviewed by a cross-functional committee. As part of this program, reports that include analysis of emerging risks as well as the company's plans and strategies to address them are regularly prepared and presented to senior management. Our ability to gain or maintain share of sales in the global market or in various local markets may be limited as a result of actions by competitors. If we do not continue to strengthen our capabilities in marketing and innovation to maintain our brand loyalty and market share while we selectively expand into other product categories in the nonalcoholic beverage segment of the commercial beverage industry, our business could be negatively affected.