Our business is increasingly dependent on information technology systems that are complex and vital to continuing operations. If we were to experience difficulties maintaining or operating existing systems or implementing new systems, we could incur significant losses due to disruptions in our operations. We also gather and retain information about our associates in the normal course of business. Although we have implemented procedures to protect our information, we cannot be certain that all of our systems are entirely free from vulnerability to attack. Computer hackers may attempt to penetrate our or our vendors' network security and, if successful, misappropriate confidential customer or business information. Loss of customer or business information could disrupt our operations, damage our reputation, and expose us to claims from customers, financial institutions, regulatory authorities, payment card associations, associates, and other persons, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, compliance with tougher privacy and information security laws and standards may result in significant expense due to increased investment in technology and the development of new operational processes. Our strategic plan provides a balanced approach that will enable us to meet the wide-ranging needs and expectations of our customers in this challenging economic environment. We have developed a technology portfolio that supports our business processes and enhances our operational efficiency. The integration of new business through mergers and acquisitions is expected to provide operating efficiencies, procurement savings, innovation, sharing of best practices, and increased market share that may allow for future growth. Achieving the anticipated benefits may be subject to significant challenges, including whether unique corporate cultures will work collaboratively in an efficient and effective manner and the coordination of geographically separate organizations. Our ability to achieve sales, earnings, and cash flow goals may be affected by changes in the types and numbers of businesses that compete with us, pricing and promotional activities of existing and new competitors, and the aggressiveness of that competition. Our operating results could be materially impacted by changes in overall economic conditions that affect consumer confidence and spending, including discretionary spending. We expect to obtain sales growth from new square footage, as well as from increased productivity from existing locations. Our ability to pass higher prices along to consumers due to inflation or other reasons could have an effect on consumer spending. We continue to evaluate and address our potential exposure to under-funded multi-employer pension plans. Our capital investments, including payments for lease buyouts and excluding acquisitions, were $2.8 billion in 2014, $2.3 billion in 2013, and $2.1 billion in 2012. We believe that cash flows from operating activities and other sources of liquidity will be adequate to meet our liquidity needs for the next twelve months and for the foreseeable future beyond the next twelve months. Our ability to refinance maturing debt may be affected by the state of the financial markets. Our credit facility requires the maintenance of a leverage ratio and a fixed charge coverage ratio. A failure to maintain our financial covenants would impair our ability to borrow under the credit facility. Our ability to achieve our objectives within the anticipated time frame, or at all, may be adversely affected by unforeseen expenses and delays, competitive factors in the marketplace, and the successful integration of acquisitions.