The lodging industry continues to demand the use of sophisticated technology and systems, including those used for our reservation, revenue management, and property management systems, as well as technologies we make available to our guests. These technologies and systems must be refined, updated, and/or replaced with more advanced systems on a regular basis, and if we cannot do so as quickly as our competitors or within budgeted costs and time frames, our business could suffer. Our ability to remain competitive and to attract and retain business and leisure travelers depends on our success in distinguishing the quality, value, and efficiency of our lodging products and services, including our loyalty programs and consumer-facing technology platforms and services, from those offered by others. A failure to keep pace with developments in technology could impair our operations or competitive position. The integrity and protection of customer, employee, and company data is critical to us, and our systems or our franchisees' systems may not be able to satisfy changing information security requirements, which could lead to operational inefficiencies and a loss of profits. We rely on a variety of direct marketing techniques, including email marketing, online advertising, and postal mailings, and any further restrictions in laws or new regulations on marketing and solicitation could adversely affect our ability to market our products effectively. Our global reservation system that communicates reservations to our branded hotels is a critical aspect of our business, and our business may suffer if we fail to maintain, upgrade, or prevent disruption to this system. Our emphasis on long-term management contracts and franchising tends to provide more stable earnings in periods of economic softness while adding new hotels to our system generates growth, typically with little or no investment by the company. We strive to effectively leverage our size and broad distribution, and we continue to invest in our brands by means of new, refreshed, and reinvented properties, new room and public space designs, and enhanced amenities and technology offerings. We expect to continue making selective and opportunistic investments to add units to our lodging business, which may include loans and noncontrolling equity investments. Our growth strategy for development of additional lodging facilities entails entering into and maintaining various arrangements with property owners, and our ability to grow our management and franchise systems is subject to the range of risks associated with real estate investments. The growing significance of our operations outside of the United States makes us increasingly susceptible to the risks of doing business internationally, which could lower our revenues, increase our costs, reduce our profits, disrupt our business, or damage our reputation. Our ability to develop and update our brands and the ability of hotel developers to build or acquire new Marriott-branded properties depend in part on capital access, availability, and cost for other hotel developers and third-party owners. We believe that our access to sufficient financial resources will support our ongoing operations and meet debt service and other cash requirements, although our ability to execute our announced growth plans may be impacted by changes in capital market conditions.