We are increasingly reliant on our technological systems (e.g., point-of-sale and other in-store systems or platforms) to conduct our business, and any failure of these systems could significantly impact our operations. Despite our implementation of security measures, our technology systems could become vulnerable to damage, disability or failures due to theft, fire, power loss, telecommunications failure or other catastrophic events. If these systems were to fail, and we were unable to recover in a timely way, we could experience an interruption in our operations. We may also not fully realize the benefits of the significant investments we are making to enhance the customer experience through digital engagement and social media. Furthermore, security breaches involving our systems or those of third-party providers may occur, such as unauthorized access, denial of service, computer viruses and other disruptive problems caused by hackers. Our information technology systems contain personal, financial and other information that is entrusted to us by our customers and employees as well as financial, proprietary and other confidential information related to our business. An actual or alleged security breach could result in system disruptions, shutdowns, theft or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. The occurrence of any of these incidents could result in adverse publicity, loss of consumer confidence, reduced sales and profits, and criminal penalties or civil liabilities. Our success depends in part on our system's ability to recruit and retain qualified personnel to manage our operations. We are also impacted by the costs and other effects of compliance with U.S. and overseas regulations affecting our workforce, which includes our staff and employees working in our company-operated restaurants. Our regulatory environment worldwide exposes us to complex compliance and similar risks that could affect our operations and results in material ways. We are affected by the cost, compliance and other risks associated with the often conflicting and highly prescriptive regulations we face, including where inconsistent standards imposed by multiple governmental authorities can adversely affect our business and increase our exposure to litigation or governmental investigations or proceedings. Our continued success depends on our system's ability to anticipate and respond effectively to continuously shifting consumer demographics, trends in food sourcing, food preparation and consumer preferences in the IEO segment. We must continuously adapt to deliver a relevant experience for our customers amidst a highly competitive, value-driven operating environment. We have intensified our focus in recent periods on strategies to achieve these goals and we will likely continue to modify existing strategies and implement new strategies in the future. Our strategies are aligned around the four strategic growth priorities that represent our greatest opportunities to drive results—serving our customers' favorite food and drinks, creating memorable experiences, offering unparalleled convenience, and being a more trusted brand. The ability to compete successfully in the current market environment depends on our ability to improve existing products, develop new products, price our products appropriately, manage the complexity of our restaurant operations and respond effectively to our competitors' actions. We are committed to pursuing these opportunities by relentlessly focusing on the customer and adapting to the changing marketplace through various initiatives. Our digital strategy is built around improving the customer experience and customer engagement. Collectively, these customer-focused initiatives represent the restaurant experience of the future and build upon investments we have already made in reimaging and technology.