Our business relies on sophisticated information systems. The malfunction, failure or breach of these systems to perform as designed could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. We also rely on sophisticated information systems in our business to obtain, rapidly process, analyze and manage data to facilitate the purchase and distribution of thousands of inventory items from numerous distribution centers; receive, process and ship orders and handle other product and services on a timely basis; manage the accurate billing and collections for thousands of customers; and process payments to suppliers. If these systems are interrupted, damaged or breached by an unforeseen event or actions of a third party, including a cyber attack, or fail for any extended period of time, it could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. We routinely process, store and transmit large amounts of data in our operations, including sensitive personal information as well as proprietary or confidential information relating to our business or third parties. Our healthcare technology businesses deliver enterprise-wide and single entity clinical, patient care, financial, supply chain and strategic management software solutions to hospitals, physicians, homecare providers, retail and mail order pharmacies and payers. The failure of our healthcare technology businesses to attract and retain customers due to challenges in software product integration or to keep pace with technological advances may significantly reduce our results of operations. Challenges integrating software products could impair our ability to attract and retain customers and could have a material adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations and a disproportionate impact on the results of operations of our technology solutions segment. Future advances in the healthcare information systems industry could lead to new technologies, products or services that are competitive with the technology products and services offered by our various businesses. Such technological advances could also lower the cost of such products and services or otherwise result in competitive pricing pressure or render our products obsolete. The success of our technology businesses will depend, in part, on our ability to be responsive to technological developments, pricing pressures and changing business models. To remain competitive in the evolving healthcare information systems marketplace, our technology businesses must also develop new products on a timely basis. The length of our sales and implementation cycles for our technology solutions segment could have a material adverse impact on our future results of operations. Many of the solutions offered by our technology solutions segment have long sales and implementation cycles, which could range from a few months to two years or more from initial contact with the customer to completion of implementation. Delays or failures to meet milestones established in our agreements may result in a breach of contract, termination of the agreement, damages and/or penalties as well as a reduction in our margins or a delay in our ability to recognize revenue. We expect the healthcare industry in the United States to continue to change and for healthcare delivery models to evolve in the future. The healthcare industry is highly regulated and further regulation of our distribution businesses and technology-related products and services could impose increased costs, negatively impact our profit margins, and the profit margins of our customers, delay the introduction or implementation of our new products, or otherwise negatively impact our business and expose the company to litigation and regulatory investigations.