Our business and results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the global capital markets and the economy generally. Stressed conditions, volatility, and disruptions in global capital markets can have an adverse effect on us, in part because we have a large investment portfolio and our insurance liabilities are sensitive to changing market factors. We manage our investment portfolio using disciplined asset-liability management (ALM) principles, focusing on cash flow and duration to support our current and future liabilities. Our investment strategies include the use of derivatives to hedge certain risks, including changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, credit spreads, and equity market levels. We also manage credit risk, market valuation risk, and liquidity risk through industry and issuer diversification and asset allocation. The sustained low interest rate environment has contributed to the underfunding of pension plans, which limits our customers' ability to engage in full pension plan closeout terminations. We expect that customers may choose to close out portions of pension plans over time, at costs reflecting current interest rates and availability of capital. Our ability to lower interest crediting rates could be limited by competition, requirements to obtain regulatory approval, or contractual guarantees of minimum rates. We have various derivative positions, primarily interest rate floors, to partially mitigate the risks associated with such a scenario. We also utilize certain derivatives in the management of credit, interest rate, and equity market risks. The valuation of embedded derivatives includes a nonperformance risk adjustment, which is unhedged and can be a significant driver of net derivative gains (losses) and volatility in earnings. We continually monitor the capital markets for opportunities to adjust our liability coverage, as appropriate. We expect our non-U.S. businesses to grow faster than our U.S. businesses and, over time, to become a larger percentage of our total business. Our approach for managing risks associated with variable annuity guarantees includes the use of various OTC and exchange-traded derivatives. The company's investment portfolio is heavily weighted toward fixed income investments, with over 80% of our portfolio invested in fixed maturity securities and mortgage loans. We apply significant judgment when determining the estimated fair value of our reporting units and when assessing the relationship of market capitalization to the aggregate estimated fair value of our reporting units. We have experienced, and will likely in the future experience, catastrophe losses and possibly acts of terrorism, as well as turbulent financial markets that may have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Our business is highly dependent upon the effective operation of our computer systems. We rely on these systems throughout our business for a variety of functions, including processing claims and applications, providing information to customers and distributors, performing actuarial analyses, and maintaining financial records. Our computer systems have been, and will likely continue to be, subject to computer viruses or other malicious codes, unauthorized access, cyberattacks, or other computer-related penetrations. The failure of our computer systems and/or our disaster recovery plans for any reason could cause significant interruptions in our operations and result in a failure to maintain the security, confidentiality, or privacy of sensitive data, including personal information relating to our customers. Such a failure could harm our reputation, subject us to regulatory sanctions and legal claims, lead to a loss of customers and revenues, and otherwise adversely affect our business and financial results.