The company employs information technology systems to support its business, including ongoing phased implementation of an enterprise resource planning (ERP) system on a worldwide basis over the next several years. Security breaches and other disruptions to the company's information technology infrastructure could interfere with the company's operations, compromise information belonging to the company and its customers and suppliers, and expose the company to liability which could adversely impact the company's business and reputation. In the ordinary course of business, the company relies on information technology networks and systems, some of which are managed by third parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities. Additionally, the company collects and stores certain data, including proprietary business information, and may have access to confidential or personal information in certain of its businesses that is subject to privacy and security laws, regulations and customer-imposed controls. Despite its cybersecurity measures, the company's information technology networks and infrastructure may still be vulnerable to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to attack by hackers or breaches, employee error or malfeasance, power outages, computer viruses, telecommunication or utility failures, systems failures, natural disasters or other catastrophic events. It is possible for such vulnerabilities to remain undetected for an extended period. While the company has experienced, and expects to continue to experience, these types of threats to the company's information technology networks and infrastructure, none of them to date has had a material impact on the company. There may be other challenges and risks as the company upgrades and standardizes its ERP system on a worldwide basis. Any such events could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability or penalties under privacy laws, disruption in operations, and damage to the company's reputation, which could adversely affect the company's business. The company is investing in business transformation, which includes the ongoing multi-year phased implementation of an ERP system on a worldwide basis, as well as changes in processes and internal/external service delivery across 3M. Each of 3M's five business segments absorbed additional incremental investments related to business transformation, enabled by 3M's global ERP implementation. This negatively impacted each of the five business segments' 2014 annual operating margins by approximately 0.20 percentage points when compared to 2013. The company expects to continue to invest in research and development, capital expenditures, and commercialization capability, which are critical for maintaining its competitive advantage and operational efficiency. 3M's focus on research and development has resulted in a portion of its value being comprised of internally developed businesses that have no goodwill associated with them. The company is actively considering additional acquisitions, investments, and strategic alliances, and from time to time may also divest certain businesses. The company expects to maintain a consistent presence in the market and believes it will have continuous access to the commercial paper market. The company's strong balance sheet and liquidity provide significant flexibility to take advantage of numerous opportunities going forward. 3M will continue to invest in its operations to drive growth, including continual review of acquisition opportunities.