We must continually maintain, protect and/or upgrade our information technology systems. Information technology helps us operate efficiently, interface with customers, maintain financial accuracy and efficiency, and accurately produce our financial statements. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper technology infrastructure, we could be subject to transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, the loss of customers, business disruptions, or the loss of or damage to intellectual property through security breaches, including cybersecurity attacks. Cybersecurity attacks are evolving and include, but are not limited to, malicious software, attempts to gain unauthorized access to data, and other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information and corruption of data. We believe that we have adopted appropriate measures to mitigate potential risks to our technology and our operations from these information technology-related disruptions. However, given the unpredictability of the timing, nature and scope of such disruptions, we could potentially be subject to operational interruption, damage to our brand image and private data exposure. Moreover, if our data management systems, including our SAP enterprise resource planning system, do not effectively collect, store, process and report relevant data for the operation of our business, whether due to equipment malfunction or constraints, software deficiencies, cybersecurity attack, or human error, our ability to effectively plan, forecast and execute our business plan and comply with applicable laws and regulations will be impaired, perhaps materially. Any such impairment could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the timeliness with which we report our internal and external operating results. Following the TCCC transaction, Newco will have extensive commercial arrangements and, as a result, Newco's future performance is expected to substantially depend on the success of its relationship with TCCC. We have agreed, subject to certain exceptions, not to compete with TCCC in the non-energy drink category following the closing. As a result, our sole focus will be in the energy drink category and our business will become more vulnerable to adverse changes impacting the energy drink category and business, which could adversely impact our business and the trading price of our common stock. The failure to transition the distribution of our products to TCCC's distribution network in a timely manner could reduce and/or delay the expected benefits of the TCCC transaction. We have been informed that approximately 64 AB distributors are challenging our right to terminate their distribution agreements. We believe the independent distributors' allegations are without merit. We expect to incur costs associated with the transition of distribution which we currently estimate at $280.0 million. The final amount of those costs could be different and such differences could be material. We have also filed an action in the United States District Court to enforce each of their respective obligations to arbitrate any disputes arising under such distribution agreements. Our ability to achieve profitability from our operations outside the United States is a challenge, as we face substantial risks associated with having foreign operations, including economic and/or political instability in our international markets. Our growth strategy includes expanding our international business which exposes us to risks inherent in conducting international operations, including the risks associated with foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. Our operations outside of the United States are subject to risks relating to appropriate compliance with legal and regulatory requirements in local jurisdictions, potential difficulties in staffing and managing local operations, and potentially adverse tax consequences.