The failure of altria group, inc.'s information systems to function as intended, or the penetration by outside parties intent on disrupting business processes, could result in significant costs, loss of revenue, assets or personal or other sensitive data and reputational harm. Altria group, inc. and its subsidiaries use information systems to help manage business processes, collect and interpret business data and communicate internally and externally with employees, investors, suppliers, trade customers, adult tobacco consumers and others. Many of these information systems are managed by third-party service providers. We have backup systems and business continuity plans in place and we take care to protect our systems and data from unauthorized access. Nevertheless, failure of our systems to function as intended, or penetration of our systems by outside parties intent on extracting or corrupting information or otherwise disrupting business processes, could result in loss of revenue, assets or personal or other sensitive data, cause damage to the reputation of our companies and their brands and result in legal challenges and significant remediation and other costs to altria group, inc. and its subsidiaries. Altria group, inc.'s ability to grow new revenue streams may be limited if our operating companies are unable to move successfully into complementary products or processes. Altria group, inc. and its subsidiaries have adjacency growth strategies involving moves and potential moves into complementary products or processes. We cannot guarantee that these strategies, or any products introduced in connection with these strategies, will be successful. The adequacy of ste. michelle's grape supply is influenced by consumer demand for wine in relation to industry-wide production levels as well as by weather and crop conditions, particularly in eastern washington. Supply shortages related to any one or more of these factors could increase production costs and wine prices, which ultimately may have a negative impact on ste. michelle's sales. In addition, federal, state and local governmental agencies regulate the alcohol beverage industry through various means, including licensing requirements, pricing, labeling and advertising restrictions, and distribution and production policies. New regulations or revisions to existing regulations, resulting in further restrictions or taxes on the manufacture and sale of alcoholic beverages, may have an adverse effect on ste. michelle's wine business. Altria group, inc.'s subsidiaries account for the cost of the state settlement agreements, fetra and fda user fees as a component of cost of sales. As a result of the state settlement agreements, fetra and fda user fees, altria group, inc.'s subsidiaries recorded approximately $4.9 billion, $4.4 billion and $5.1 billion of charges to cost of sales for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. The 2014 and 2013 amounts included reductions to cost of sales of $43 million and $664 million, respectively, related to the npm adjustment items discussed further below and in health care cost recovery litigation - npm adjustment disputes in note 18. Altria group, inc.'s management reviews certain financial results, including diluted eps, on an adjusted basis, which exclude certain income and expense items that management believes are not part of underlying operations. These items may include, for example, loss on early extinguishment of debt, restructuring charges, sabmiller special items, certain tax items, charges associated with tobacco and health litigation items, and settlements of, and determinations made in connection with, disputes with certain states and territories related to the non-participating manufacturer adjustment provision under the 1998 master settlement agreement for the years 2003-2012. Altria group, inc.'s management does not view any of these special items to be part of altria group, inc.'s sustainable results as they may be highly variable, are difficult to predict and can distort underlying business trends and results. Altria group, inc.'s management believes that these adjusted financial measures provide useful insight into underlying business trends and results and provide a more meaningful comparison of year-over-year results.