Our business relies heavily on electronic delivery systems, the internet, and our information technology platform, and any failures, disruptions, or instability may materially adversely affect our ability to serve our clients. We depend heavily on the capacity, reliability, and security of our information technology platform, electronic delivery systems, and its components, including our data centers, and the internet. Heavy use of our electronic delivery systems and other factors such as loss of service from third parties, operational failures, sabotage, break-ins, and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering or hacking, human error, cyber-terrorism, natural disasters, power loss, or computer viruses could impair our systems' operations or interrupt their availability for extended periods of time. Our ability to effectively use the internet may also be impaired due to infrastructure failures, service outages at third-party internet providers, or increased government regulation. If disruptions, failures, or slowdowns occur with respect to our electronic delivery systems, the internet, or our information technology platform, our reputation and our ability to distribute our products effectively and to serve our clients, including those clients for whom we provide managed services, may be materially adversely affected. We have also experienced unanticipated interruption and delay in the performance and delivery of certain of our products after we migrated certain of our applications and infrastructure to new data centers and may experience such interruptions and delays in the future with respect to the migrations within existing data centers or to new data centers. In response to such issues, we have in the past and could again be required to provide service credits. We could also experience cancellations and reduced demand for our products and services, resulting in decreased revenues. We may also incur increased operating expenses to repair, replace, or remediate systems, equipment, or facilities, and to protect ourselves from and defend against such disruptions and attacks. Accordingly, any significant failures, disruptions, or instability affecting our information technology platform, electronic delivery systems, or the internet may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. Our products provide for the exchange of sensitive information with our clients through a variety of media, such as the internet, software applications, and dedicated transmission lines. We rely on a complex system of internal processes and software controls along with policies, procedures, and training to protect client data against unauthorized data access or disclosure. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, including any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or if we experience difficulties in the implementation of our internal controls, policies, or procedures, or if an employee purposely circumvents or violates our internal controls, policies, or procedures, then unauthorized access to, or disclosure or misappropriation of, client data could occur. Such unauthorized access, disclosure, or misappropriation may result in claims against us by our clients or regulatory inquiry or censure, which could, individually or in the aggregate, damage our reputation and/or have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. We must continue to improve our operational, financial, management, legal, and compliance processes and information systems to keep pace with the growth of our business. There can also be no assurance that, if we continue to grow organically or by way of acquisitions, management will be effective in attracting, training, and retaining additional qualified personnel, including additional managers or key employees, developing effective leadership in all of our locations, expanding our physical facilities and information technology infrastructure, integrating acquired businesses, or otherwise managing growth.