We rely on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of complex information technology systems and networks, some of which are within the company and some of which are outsourced. Any system or network disruption could have a negative impact on our operations, sales, and operating results. We are planning to implement a new ERP system to replace pieces of the systems now owned by Zebra. If this implementation is delayed or introduces defective, or improperly installed or implemented computer code, it may result in a business disruption. We also currently rely on a number of older legacy information systems that are harder to maintain, and when we begin to implement our new ERP system, we will have fewer resources to maintain these older legacy systems. A system failure could negatively impact our operations and financial results. We face additional risk as a target of sophisticated attacks aimed at compromising both our company's and our customers' sensitive information and intellectual property, through means referred to as advanced persistent threats. This risk is heightened because these systems may contain sensitive governmental information or personally identifiable or other protected information. While we employ a number of countermeasures and security controls, we have experienced a gradual and steady increase in the sophistication of these threats. We are dependent, in certain instances, upon our outsourced business partners, suppliers, and customers to adequately protect our IT systems and those IT systems that we manage for our customers. A cyber attack or other significant disruption involving our IT systems or those of our outsource partners, suppliers, or our customers could result in the unauthorized release of proprietary, confidential, or sensitive information. Such unauthorized access to, or release of, this information could allow others to unfairly compete with us, compromise safety or security, and damage our reputation. We may incur additional costs to remedy the damages caused by these disruptions. As we outsource more of our business operations, we become dependent on the IT systems of our outsource partners, including to transmit demand and purchase orders to suppliers, which can result in a delay in order placement. The actions of our outsource partners could result in reputational damage to us and could negatively impact our financial results. We have experienced shortages in the past that have negatively impacted our results of operations and may experience such shortages in the future. Our ability to meet customers' demands depends, in part, on our ability to timely obtain an adequate delivery of quality materials, parts, and components, as well as services and software from our suppliers. The expansion of our solutions and services business creates new competitors and new and increased areas of risk that we have not been exposed to in the past. Our success depends in part on our timely introduction of new products and technologies, and our results can be impacted by the effectiveness of our significant investments in new products and technologies. The markets for certain of our products are characterized by changing technologies and evolving industry standards. We expect our overall revenue mix to continue to shift towards services over time, and we have been proactively investing in next-generation public safety broadband solutions for years. We believe public safety LTE solutions are the next generation tool for our public safety first-responder customers. We expect to continue to see growing demand for our managed services, lifecycle support services offerings, and smart public safety solutions.