nee and fpl are highly dependent on sensitive and complex information technology systems, and any failure or breach of those systems could have a material adverse effect on their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. the operations of nee and fpl are subject to the continuous functioning of sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure. if nee's or fpl's information technology systems were to fail or be breached, sensitive confidential and other data could be compromised and nee and fpl could be unable to fulfill critical business functions. due to the size, scope and geographical reach of nee's and fpl's business, and due to the complexity of the process of power generation, transmission and distribution, the development and maintenance of information technology systems to keep track of and process information is critical and challenging. any disruptions or deficiencies in existing information systems, or disruptions, delays or deficiencies in the modification or implementation of new information systems, could result in increased costs, the inability to track or collect revenues and the diversion of management's and employees' attention and resources, and could negatively impact the effectiveness of the companies' control environment, and/or the companies' ability to timely file required regulatory reports. nee and fpl add, modify and replace information systems on a regular basis. modifying existing information systems or implementing new or replacement information systems is costly and involves risks, including, but not limited to, integrating the modified, new or replacement system with existing systems and processes, implementing associated changes in accounting procedures and controls, and ensuring that data conversion is accurate and consistent. the operation and maintenance of nee's and fpl's electric generation, transmission and distribution facilities, gas infrastructure facilities and other facilities are subject to many operational risks, the consequences of which could have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. operational risks could result in, among other things, lost revenues due to prolonged outages, increased expenses due to monetary penalties or fines for compliance failures, liability to third parties for property and personal injury damage, a failure to perform under applicable power sales agreements and associated loss of revenues from terminated agreements or liability for liquidated damages under continuing agreements, and replacement equipment costs or an obligation to purchase or generate replacement power at higher prices. nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could suffer if nee and fpl do not proceed with projects under development or are unable to complete the construction of, or capital improvements to, electric generation, transmission and distribution facilities, gas infrastructure facilities or other facilities on schedule or within budget. if any development project or construction or capital improvement project is not completed, is delayed or is subject to cost overruns, certain associated costs may not be approved for recovery or recoverable through regulatory mechanisms that may otherwise be available, and nee and fpl could become obligated to make delay or termination payments or become obligated for other damages under contracts, could experience the loss of tax credits or tax incentives, or delayed or diminished returns, and could be required to write off all or a portion of their investment in the project. any of these events could have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. the ability of nee and fpl to obtain insurance and the terms of any available insurance coverage could be materially adversely affected by international, national, state or local events and company-specific events, as well as the financial condition of insurers. the implementation of security guidelines and measures has resulted in and is expected to continue to result in increased costs. such events or actions may materially adversely affect nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.