We are dependent upon information technology systems in the conduct of our operations. Our information technology systems are subject to disruption, damage or failure from a variety of sources, including, without limitation, computer viruses, security breaches, cyber-attacks, natural disasters and defects in design. Cybersecurity incidents, in particular, are evolving and include, but are not limited to, malicious software, attempts to gain unauthorized access to data and other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information and the corruption of data. Various measures have been implemented to manage our risks related to information technology systems and network disruptions. However, given the unpredictability of the timing, nature and scope of information technology disruptions, we could potentially be subject to production downtimes, operational delays, the compromising of confidential or otherwise protected information, destruction or corruption of data, security breaches, other manipulation or improper use of our systems and networks or financial losses from remedial actions, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, competitive position, financial condition or results of operations. We could also be adversely affected by system or network disruptions if new or upgraded information technology systems are defective, not installed properly or not properly integrated into our operations. Various measures have been implemented to manage our risks related to the system implementation and modification, but system modification failures could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations and could, if not successfully implemented, adversely impact the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. Our business activities are subject to significant risks, including those related to information technology capabilities that have been evolving in scope to more comprehensively encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. The ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access is critical. IT capability, broadly defined as the IT function’s competence to effectively support business needs, has become a key in transforming a firm into a competitive force. The importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities is underscored. Our ability to effectively manage and utilize these IT capabilities is essential for maintaining operational efficiency, supporting strategic resource allocation, and achieving business innovation. The integration of technology into our operations and decision-making processes is vital for enhancing our competitive advantage and ensuring market responsiveness. As we continue to navigate the complexities of the business environment, our focus on developing and enhancing our IT capabilities will play a crucial role in driving performance improvements and achieving our organizational goals.