We face various cyber and other security threats, including attempts to gain unauthorized access to sensitive information and networks; insider threats; and threats to the security of our facilities and infrastructure. Our customers, suppliers, and subcontractors face similar threats. Although we utilize various procedures and controls to monitor and mitigate the risk of these threats, there can be no assurance that these procedures and controls will be sufficient. Cyber threats are evolving and include malicious software, destructive malware, attempts to gain unauthorized access to data, disruption or denial of service attacks, and other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in mission-critical systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information, and corruption of data, networks, or systems. We provide cyber and information technology systems, products, and services to various customers who also face cyber threats. Our systems, products, and services may themselves be subject to cyber threats and may not be able to detect or deter threats or effectively mitigate resulting losses. These losses could adversely affect our customers and our company. The impact of these factors is difficult to predict, but one or more of them could result in the loss of information or capabilities, harm to individuals or property, damage to our reputation, loss of business, regulatory actions, and potential liability, any one of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. We believe that our business is well-positioned in areas that the Department of Defense has indicated are areas of focus for future defense spending, including the development and procurement of new manned and unmanned military platforms and systems, along with advanced electronics and software to enhance the capabilities of existing individual systems and provide real-time integration of surveillance, information management, strike, and battle management platforms. We expect significant new competitive opportunities to include long-range strike, missile defense, command and control, network communications, enhanced situational awareness, satellite systems, restricted programs, cyber, technical services, and information technology, as well as numerous homeland security programs. The company is dedicating additional resources to expanding its international sales with emphases on Australia, the Middle East, Asia, and Europe. We manage and assess our business based on our performance on contracts and programs, and sales from our portfolio of long-term contracts are primarily recognized using the cost-to-cost method of percentage of completion accounting. In evaluating our operating performance, we look primarily at changes in sales and operating income, including the effects of meaningful changes in operating income as a result of changes in contract estimates. We utilize either the cost-to-cost or the units-of-delivery method of percentage-of-completion accounting, with cost-to-cost being the predominant method. Our cost estimation process is based on the professional knowledge of our engineers, program managers, and financial professionals, and draws on their significant experience and judgment. We perform on a broad portfolio of long-term contracts, including the development of complex and customized military platforms and systems, as well as advanced electronic equipment and software, that often include technology at the forefront of science. Changes in estimates occur for a variety of reasons, including changes in contract scope, the resolution of risk at lower or higher cost than anticipated, unanticipated risks affecting contract costs, and changes in indirect cost allocations.