We rely on technology and technology improvements in our business operations. If we experience significant disruption or failure of one or more of our information technology systems, including computer hardware, software, and communications equipment, we could experience a service interruption, a security breach, or other operational difficulties. Additionally, if we do not have sufficient capital to acquire new technology or we are unable to implement new technology, we may suffer a competitive disadvantage within the rail industry and with companies providing other modes of transportation service. Our ability to provide rail service to customers in the U.S. and Canada depends in large part upon our ability to maintain cooperative relationships with connecting carriers with respect to, among other matters, freight rates, revenue division, car supply and locomotive availability, data exchange and communications, reciprocal switching, interchange, and trackage rights. Deterioration in the operations of or service provided by connecting carriers, or in our relationship with those connecting carriers, could result in our inability to meet our customers' demands or require us to use alternate train routes, which could result in significant additional costs and network inefficiencies. Our continued focus on cost control helped stem growth in operating expenses despite higher volumes and led to an all-time low operating ratio for 2014. We are committed to improving our service and have added resources to meet the needs of our network. Looking forward to 2015, we expect the impact of lower oil prices on our fuel surcharge revenue programs to be offset by increased volumes and higher rates. We will continue to focus on safety, service levels, cost control, productivity, operational efficiency, and a market-based approach to pricing. The unexpected volume growth and severe winter weather led to resource shortages and network delays during the year. Our operations are subject to extensive federal and state environmental laws and regulations concerning emissions to the air, discharges to waterways or groundwater supplies, handling, storage, transportation, and disposal of waste and other materials, and the cleanup of hazardous material or petroleum releases. We face competition from other transportation providers. We are subject to competition from motor carriers, railroads and, to a lesser extent, ships, barges, and pipelines, on the basis of transit time, pricing, and quality and reliability of service. While we have used primarily internal resources to build or acquire and maintain our rail system, trucks and barges have been able to use public rights-of-way maintained by public entities. Any future improvements or expenditures materially increasing the quality or reducing the cost of alternative modes of transportation in the regions in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity in a particular year or quarter. We may be affected by general economic conditions. Prolonged negative changes in domestic and global economic conditions affecting the producers and consumers of the commodities we carry may have an adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity in a particular year or quarter. We may be affected by energy prices. Volatility in energy prices could have an effect on a variety of items including, but not limited to: the economy; demand for transportation services; business related to the energy sector, including crude and natural gas; fuel prices; and fuel surcharges. Any of these items could have a significant impact on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity in a particular year or quarter. We rely on technology and technology improvements in our business operations. If we experience significant disruption or failure of one or more of our information technology systems, including computer hardware, software, and communications equipment, we could experience a service interruption, a security breach, or other operational difficulties.