We rely on information technology networks and systems, including the internet, to process, transmit and store electronic information and to manage or support a variety of our business processes, including financial transactions and maintenance of records, which may include personal identifying information. Although we have taken steps to protect the security of the data maintained in our information systems, our security measures may not be able to prevent the systems' improper functioning, or the theft of intellectual property, personal information, or personal property, such as in the event of cyber-attacks. Any failure to maintain proper function, security and availability of our information systems could interrupt our operations, result in theft of company assets, damage our reputation, subject us to liability claims and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We have in-house information technology capabilities, which are essential for our operations. The evolution of our information technology capabilities encompasses the coordination of our assets and internal processes, as well as their interfirm transactions and relationships. These capabilities are critical in transforming our firm into a competitive force. Our IT capability represents the application of technology, knowledge, practices, and management skills to further our organizational goals. The reliance on IT capabilities to support business needs underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with other capabilities. Disruptions in the financial markets could affect our ability to obtain financing on reasonable terms and have other adverse effects on us and the market price of our common stock. We continually monitor the commercial real estate and U.S. credit markets carefully and, if required, will make decisions to adjust our business strategy accordingly. Our ability to make distributions on our common stock and preferred stock and payments on our indebtedness, and to fund planned acquisitions and capital expenditures will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future, which is influenced by our operational efficiency and the effectiveness of our information systems. Our internal controls over financial reporting and our operating internal controls may not prevent or detect financial misstatements or loss of assets because of inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error, the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud. Effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement accuracy and safeguarding of assets. Any failure of these internal controls could result in decreased investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, civil litigation or investigations by regulatory authorities, which may adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. Our strategic management practices include leveraging information technology to enhance our operational flexibility and decision-making speed. The integration of technology into our business processes is essential for maintaining market responsiveness and achieving performance gains. Our investment in technology infrastructure is aimed at improving our organizational effectiveness and ensuring compliance with regulatory requirements. The challenges associated with managing our information technology resources are critical to our overall performance and ability to adapt to changing market dynamics.