We operate in rapidly changing economic and technological environments that present numerous risks, many of which are driven by factors beyond our control. Economic, political, and market conditions can adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition, including our revenue growth and profitability, which in turn could adversely affect our stock price. Any general weakening of corporate confidence in the global economy or the curtailment in government or corporate spending could cause current or potential customers to reduce or eliminate their information technology (IT) budgets and spending, leading to delays, decreases, or cancellations of purchases of our products and services. A slowdown in IT spending or economic conditions can unexpectedly reduce the conversion rate in particular periods as purchasing decisions are delayed, reduced in amount, or canceled. Our cloud computing strategy, including our Oracle Cloud software-as-a-service, platform-as-a-service, and infrastructure-as-a-service offerings, may not be successful. We offer a broad portfolio of software, cloud, and hardware offerings to enable customers to adopt a cloud computing strategy that is right for them. These business models continue to evolve, and we may not be able to compete effectively or maintain the profitability of our cloud offerings. Our success depends upon our ability to develop new products and services, integrate acquired products and services, and enhance our existing products and services. Rapid technological advances and evolving standards in computer hardware and software development characterize the industries in which we compete. If we are unable to develop new or sufficiently differentiated products and services or enhance and improve our products and support services in a timely manner, customers may not purchase or renew software or hardware support contracts. We have continued to refresh and release new offerings of our software and hardware products and services, including our database in-memory, Oracle Cloud, and Oracle engineered systems offerings. Our business may be adversely affected if we do not continue to develop and release these or other new or enhanced products and services within anticipated time frames or if there are changes in information technology trends that we do not adequately anticipate or address. Our IT systems store, retrieve, manipulate, and manage our customers’ information and data as well as our own. We have invested significantly in protecting the integrity and security of our products, services, and the internal and external data that we manage. Nevertheless, we encounter attempts by third parties to exploit vulnerabilities, penetrate security measures, and gain unauthorized access to our software, hardware, and cloud offerings. These risks will increase as we continue to grow our cloud offerings and store and process increasingly large amounts of our customers’ confidential information. We also have an active acquisition program and have acquired a number of companies, products, services, and technologies over the years. While we make significant efforts to address any IT security issues with respect to our acquisitions, we may still inherit such risks when integrating these acquisitions within Oracle. If a cyber attack or other security incident were to allow unauthorized access to or modification of our customers’ data or our IT systems, or if the services we provide to our customers were disrupted, we could suffer significant damage to our brand and reputation. Our hardware systems business may adversely affect our overall profitability if we do not effectively manage the associated risks. We may not achieve our estimated revenue, profit, or other financial projections with respect to our hardware systems business due to various factors, including the development and introduction of new versions of our hardware systems products.