Our business relies extensively on our computer systems to manage inventory, process transactions, and timely provide products to our customers. We believe that our ability to preserve, grow, and leverage the value of our brand is essential for success. Our systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches, or other catastrophic events. If our systems are damaged or fail to function properly, we may experience loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to manage inventories or process customer transactions. Such disruptions could negatively impact revenue and potentially have a negative impact on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. We have ongoing initiatives aimed at tailoring our product offerings to adjust to customers' changing preferences; however, we also continue to have initiatives focused on marketing and training to educate customers on the advantages of purchasing higher quality products. Our management capability is crucial, as experienced management and technical personnel are in high demand, and competition for their talents is intense. Our ability to attract qualified personnel is critical to maintaining operational efficiency and effectiveness. The automotive aftermarket business is highly competitive, and we may have to risk our capital to remain competitive. We must also continue to motivate employees and keep them focused on our strategies and goals. Our business is sensitive to national and regional economic and weather conditions and natural disasters, which could impact our costs and sales. We cannot assure future growth will be achieved, as our ability to open additional profitable stores at a high growth rate will be a significant factor in achieving our growth objectives for the future. Our liquidity and capital resources are influenced by our ability to generate funds from operations and our reliance on borrowed funds under our unsecured revolving credit facility. We believe that cash expected to be provided by operating activities and availability under our unsecured revolving credit facility will be sufficient to fund both our short-term and long-term capital and liquidity needs for the foreseeable future. However, there can be no assurance that we will continue to generate cash flows at or above recent levels. Our supplier financing programs enable us to reduce overall supply chain costs and negotiate extended payment terms with our suppliers. The increase in our accounts payable to inventory ratio reflects continued strong supplier support. Our ongoing negotiations with our vendors to improve our inventory purchase costs have resulted in acquisition cost improvements. We believe that our continued success depends, in part, on our ability to achieve and maintain a high level of product and service quality. Our ability to manage operating costs and identify opportunities to reduce costs is essential, as our success depends on retaining and motivating key employees. We are sensitive to external influences that could affect our financial health, including changes in the economic environment and competitive actions. Our strategic resource allocation and investment decisions are critical to maintaining our competitive advantage and ensuring operational flexibility.