Occidental's businesses are subject to operational impacts such as production disruptions, technological advances, and regional market conditions, including available transportation capacity and infrastructure constraints in producing areas. The company implements a strategic review of its operations, which may affect the market value of Occidental's common stock. Occidental's oil and gas business operates in highly competitive environments, which affect its ability to make acquisitions to grow production and replace reserves. The results of operations, reserves replacement, and growth in oil and gas production depend, in part, on Occidental's ability to profitably acquire additional reserves. The company has many competitors, some of which are larger and better funded, and may be willing to accept greater risks or have special competencies. Competition for reserves may make it more difficult to find attractive investment opportunities or require delays in reserve replacement efforts. Occidental's acquisition activities carry risks that it may not fully realize anticipated benefits due to less-than-expected reserves or production or changed circumstances. The company has performed a strategic review of its operations, which resulted in restructuring and the separation or divestiture of various assets. This activity and further implementation of the strategic review may affect the market value of Occidental's common stock. Occidental's restructuring activities may affect its stock price, and management may elect to hedge the price risk of crude oil, natural gas, NGLs, and refined products in the future. The company has experienced adverse consequences due to political instability, nationalizations, and corruption in certain international operations. Occidental's oil and gas reserves are based on professional judgments and may be subject to revision. The estimation of proved reserves is based on the requirement of reasonable certainty of economic producibility and funding commitments by Occidental to develop the reserves. The company utilizes technology improvements, such as enhanced oil recovery techniques, which have demonstrated that CO2 injection can increase recovery from reservoirs. Occidental's management believes that its oil and gas segment growth will occur primarily through exploitation and development opportunities in the Permian Basin and focused international projects in the Middle East. The company seeks to maximize total returns to stockholders by allocating and deploying capital with a focus on achieving returns well in excess of its cost of capital. Occidental's strategy includes maintaining financial discipline and a strong balance sheet while providing consistent dividend growth. The company has built a large portfolio of growth-oriented assets and focuses on lowering finding and development, production, and maintenance costs. Occidental's chemical segment aims to generate cash flow in excess of its normal capital expenditure requirements and achieve above-cost-of-capital returns. The segment's strategy is to be a low-cost producer to maximize cash flow generation. The company evaluates opportunities across the value chain and uses its assets to provide services to other Occidental segments as well as third parties. Occidental's midstream and marketing segment strives to maximize realized value by optimizing the use of its assets, including its transportation and storage capacity. The segment seeks to minimize the costs of gas, power, and other commodities used in Occidental's businesses while limiting credit risk exposure.