Our services may be adversely impacted by changes in technology or provide timely enhancements to our products and services: to maintain our growth strategy, we must adapt and respond to technological advances and technological requirements of our clients. Our future success will depend on our ability to enhance capabilities and increase the performance of our internal use systems, particularly our systems that meet our clients' requirements. We continue to make significant investments related to the development of new technology. If our systems become outdated, we may be at a disadvantage when competing in our industry. There can be no assurance that our efforts to update and integrate systems will be successful. If we do not integrate and update our systems in a timely manner, or if our investments in technology fail to provide the expected results, there could be a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Our business and reputation may be affected by security breaches and other disruptions to our information technology infrastructure, which could compromise company and personal customer information: we rely upon information technology networks and systems to process, transmit, and store electronic information, and to support a variety of business processes. If we experience a problem with the functioning of key systems or a security breach of our systems, the resulting disruptions could have a material adverse effect on our business. We also collect, use, and retain large amounts of personal information about our clients and their employees that is critical to the accurate and timely provision of services to our clients. This information includes bank account numbers, credit card numbers, tax return information, social security numbers, health care information, retirement account information, payroll information, and Paychex system passwords. In addition, we also collect and maintain personal information on our employees in the ordinary course of our business. As many of our services are web-based and mobile-application-based, the amount of data we store for our users on our servers has been increasing. Vulnerabilities, threats, and more sophisticated and targeted computer crime pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks, and the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of our data. We have security systems and information technology infrastructure in place designed to detect and protect against unauthorized access to such information. However, there is no guarantee that our systems and processes are adequate to protect against all security breaches. Third parties, including vendors that provide services for our operations, could also be a source of security risk to us in the event of a failure of their own security systems and infrastructure. If our systems are disrupted or fail for any reason, or if our systems are infiltrated by unauthorized persons, both the company and our clients could experience data loss, financial loss, harm to reputation, or significant business interruption. We may be required to incur significant costs to protect against damage caused by disruptions or security breaches in the future. Such events may expose us to unexpected liability, litigation, regulatory investigation and penalties, loss of clients' business, unfavorable impact to business reputation, and there could be a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We continue to focus on investing in our products, people, and service capabilities, positioning ourselves to capitalize on opportunities for long-term growth. Our business strategy is focused on strong long-term financial performance by providing high-quality, timely, accurate, and affordable services; growing our client base; increasing utilization of our ancillary services; leveraging our technology through our service organization; and expanding our product offerings. We believe these investments are critical to our success.