The company relies on information technology systems, including the internet and other computer systems, which may be subject to disruptions during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases, or components; power outages; hardware failures; computer viruses; or outside parties attempting to disrupt the company's business or gain unauthorized access to the company's electronic data. The company maintains protections to guard against such events. If the company's computer systems were to be damaged, disrupted, or breached, it could result in negative impact on the company's operating results and also could cause reputational damage, business disruption, or the disclosure of confidential data. The company’s financial services segment derives its earnings primarily from financing or leasing Paccar products in North America, Europe, and Australia. The global breadth of PFS and its rigorous credit application process support a portfolio of loans and leases with total assets that earned a record pre-tax profit. The company conducts business in various countries which have been experiencing significant financial stress, fiscal or political strain, and are subject to potential default. The company routinely monitors its financial exposure to global financial conditions, its global counterparties, and its operating environments. The company expects to fund its maturing financial services debt obligations principally from funds provided by collections from customers on loans and lease contracts, as well as from the proceeds of commercial paper and medium-term note borrowings. The company believes its financial services companies will be able to continue funding receivables, servicing debt, and paying dividends through internally generated funds, access to public and private debt markets, and lines of credit. The company has developed a systematic methodology for determining the allowance for credit losses for its two portfolio segments, retail and wholesale. The retail segment consists of retail loans and direct and sales-type finance leases, net of unearned interest. The wholesale segment consists of truck inventory financing loans to dealers that are collateralized by trucks and other collateral. The company has developed a range of loss estimates for each of its country portfolios based on historical experience, taking into account loss frequency and severity in both strong and weak truck market conditions. The adequacy of the allowance is evaluated quarterly based on the most recent past due account information and current market conditions. The company’s investments in worldwide capital projects and R&D have significantly increased operating capacity and efficiency of its facilities and the competitive advantage of the company's premium products. Capital investments are expected to be focused on enhanced powertrain development and increased operating efficiency for the company's factories and distribution centers. The company’s research and development expenses reflect its commitment to new products and increased manufacturing capacity. The company’s IT capabilities have become a key in transforming the firm into a competitive force, representing the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. The company’s reliance on information technology and its systems is crucial for maintaining operational efficiency and supporting business needs, including the management of financial activities and customer relationships.