The utility's operations and information technology systems could fail to function properly or be damaged by third parties, including cyber-attacks, severe weather, natural disasters, or other events. The utility's ability to serve its customers requires the continued operation of complex information technology systems and network infrastructure that are interconnected with the systems and infrastructure owned by third parties. The utility's business is highly dependent on its ability to process and monitor a very large number of tasks and transactions daily, many of which are highly complex. Despite the implementation of security measures, all of the utility's technology systems are vulnerable to disability or failures due to hacking, viruses, acts of war or terrorism, and other causes. The failure of the utility's information and operational systems and networks due to a physical attack, cyber-attack, or other cause could significantly disrupt operations; cause harm to the public or employees; result in outages or reduced generating output; damage the utility's assets or operations or those of third parties; and subject the utility to claims by customers or third parties. The utility's systems, including its financial information, operational systems, advanced metering, and billing systems, require ongoing maintenance, modification, and updating, which can be costly and increase the risk of errors and malfunction. The utility often relies on third-party vendors to maintain, modify, and update its systems, and these third-party vendors could cease to exist. Any disruptions or deficiencies in existing systems, or disruptions, delays, or deficiencies in the modification or implementation of new systems, could result in increased costs, the inability to track or collect revenues, the diversion of management's and employees' attention and resources, and could negatively affect the effectiveness of the utility's control environment and/or the utility's ability to timely file required regulatory reports. The utility's information systems contain confidential information, including information about customers and employees. The theft, damage, or improper disclosure of confidential information can subject the utility to penalties for violation of applicable privacy laws, subject the utility to claims from third parties, reduce the value of proprietary information, and harm the utility's reputation. The utility's ability to recover its costs also may be affected by the economy and the economy's corresponding impact on the utility's customers. The utility's ability to recover its costs incurred in the wholesale electricity market may be affected by whether the wholesale electricity market continues to function effectively. The utility's operations rely on evolving information and operational technology systems and network infrastructures that are becoming more complex as new technologies and systems are implemented to modernize capabilities to safely and reliably deliver gas and electric services. The utility's ability to efficiently maintain, operate, and protect its facilities, and provide electricity and natural gas services safely and reliably, is subject to numerous risks, many of which are beyond the utility's control, including those that arise from the breakdown or failure of equipment, electric transmission or distribution lines, or natural gas transmission and distribution pipelines. The utility's ability to manage these sources using commercial and regulatory principles is critical to its operational efficiency and overall performance.