We rely extensively on information technology (IT) systems, networks, and services, including internet sites, data hosting and processing facilities, and tools and other hardware, software, and technical applications and platforms, to assist in conducting our business. The various uses of these IT systems, networks, and services include ordering and managing materials from suppliers, converting materials to finished products, shipping products to customers, marketing and selling products to consumers, collecting and storing customer, consumer, employee, investor, and other stakeholder information and personal data, processing transactions, summarizing and reporting results of operations, hosting, processing, and sharing confidential and proprietary research, business plans, and financial information, complying with regulatory, legal, or tax requirements, providing data security, and handling other processes necessary to manage our business. Our ability to maintain key information technology systems, including those operated by third-party suppliers, is critical to our business operations and success. The company has made investments seeking to address numerous and evolving cybersecurity threats, including advanced persistent threats, which pose a potential risk to the security of our IT systems, networks, and services, as well as the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of our data. If the IT systems, networks, or service providers we rely upon fail to function properly, or if we or one of our third-party providers suffer a loss or disclosure of our business or stakeholder information, we may be exposed to reputational, competitive, and business harm as well as litigation and regulatory action. Our financial success is directly dependent on the success of our brands, and the success of these brands can suffer if our marketing plans or product initiatives do not have the desired impact on a brand's image or its ability to attract consumers. Our ability to successfully manage ongoing organizational change could impact our business results. We must be able to successfully respond to competitive factors, including pricing, promotional incentives, trade terms, and product initiatives. Our success is dependent on innovation with respect to both products and operations, and on the continued positive reputations of our brands. Our ongoing business model involves a certain level of ongoing acquisition, divestiture, and joint venture activities. We must be able to successfully manage the impacts of these activities while delivering against base business objectives. Our ability to achieve our business objectives is dependent on how well we can compete with our local and global competitors in new and existing markets and channels. The consumer products industry is highly competitive, and we face ongoing competitive pressures in the environments in which we operate, as well as challenges in maintaining profit margins. Our strategy for global growth includes increased presence in emerging markets, which may have greater political volatility and vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions than established markets. Our ability to meet our growth targets depends on successful product, marketing, and operations innovation and our ability to successfully respond to competitive innovation.