Our success depends on our ability to innovate effectively, respond to our competitors' initiatives, and efficiently manage complexity, while delivering high-quality products and services. Many of these initiatives are also implemented in cooperation with, or in reliance on, third-party vendors and their systems, which may further limit our control of implementation, quality, customer experiences, and successful outcomes. Our ability to develop and implement such strategic initiatives that are accepted and valued by our customers and create a sustainable advantage is critical to maintaining or enhancing our competitive position; if we fail to do so, or if we are unable to maintain the advantage over our competition, our business could be materially adversely affected. Ongoing competitive, technological, regulatory, and other developments result in significant levels of complexity in our products and in the systems and processes we use to run our business. This complexity may create barriers to implementing or defending certain new ideas or providing high-quality products and customer experiences, may require us to modify our business practices, to adopt new systems, or to upgrade or replace outdated systems, each at significant expense, and may lead to the increased possibility of error in executing our business strategies. We must make difficult decisions regarding the optimal allocation of available resources (such as information technology resources) for competing initiatives or projects. Our ability to react to such advances, develop and maintain winning strategies, and then navigate the new competitive environment is important to our success. Our business requires that we build and maintain large and complex computer systems to run our operations and to store the significant volume of data that we acquire, including the personal confidential information of our customers and employees and our intellectual property, trade secrets, and other sensitive business and financial information. These systems are subject to attacks by sophisticated third parties with substantial computing resources and capabilities. We undertake substantial efforts to protect our systems and sensitive or confidential information. These efforts include internal processes and technological defenses that are preventative or detective, and other controls designed to provide multiple layers of security protection. While we expend significant resources on these defensive measures, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in preventing attacks or detecting and stopping them once they have begun. Our business could be significantly damaged by a security breach, data loss or corruption, or cyber attack. In addition to the potentially high costs of investigating and stopping such an event and implementing necessary fixes, we could incur substantial liability if confidential customer information is stolen or if another party's systems are adversely affected. Our business is also highly dependent on access to, and the operation of, the financial markets and related facilities to provide us with the ability to liquidate securities and transfer or receive funds on a timely basis. Disruptions in financial markets, or an interruption or breakdown in the federal wire transfer systems, could limit our ability to meet payment obligations. The shut-down or unavailability of one or more of our systems or facilities for any reason could significantly impair our ability to perform critical business functions on a timely basis. In addition, many of our critical business systems interface with and depend on third-party systems; we could experience service denials if demand for a third party's services exceeds capacity or if a third-party system fails or experiences an interruption. If sustained or repeated, and if an alternate system, process, or vendor is not immediately available to us, such events could result in a deterioration of our ability to write and process new and renewal business, provide customer service, resolve and pay claims in a timely manner, or perform other necessary business functions.