We depend on information systems, both internally and through third parties, to conduct our business and could suffer a material adverse impact from interruptions in the effective operation of, or security breaches affecting, those systems. We rely heavily on information systems to conduct our business and to process, record, and monitor our transactions. The need to ensure proper functioning of these systems has become more challenging, and the costs involved in that effort are greater than ever. We face a variety of types of cyber attacks, some of which are discussed in more detail below. Cyber attacks often include efforts to disrupt our ability to provide services or to gain access to confidential company and customer information. We have policies, procedures, and systems designed to prevent or limit the effect of possible failures, interruptions, or breaches in security of information systems. Our ability to mitigate the adverse consequences of such occurrences is in part dependent on the quality of our business continuity planning and our ability to anticipate the timing and nature of any such event that occurs. We continually encounter technological change and we could falter in our ability to remain competitive in this arena. The effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables financial institutions to better serve customers and to reduce costs. We have been investing in technology and connectivity to automate functions previously performed manually, to facilitate the ability of customers to engage in financial transactions, and otherwise to enhance the customer experience with respect to our products and services. Our continued success depends, in part, upon our ability to address the needs of our customers by using technology to provide products and services that satisfy customer demands and create efficiencies in our operations. A failure to maintain or enhance our competitive position with respect to technology, whether because we fail to anticipate customer expectations or because our technological developments fail to perform as desired or are not rolled out in a timely manner, may cause us to lose market share or incur additional expense. We also rely on other companies for the provision of a broad range of products and services. Many of these products and services include information systems themselves or involve the use of such systems in connection with providing the products or services. We have seen more customer usage of technological solutions for financial needs and higher expectations of customers and regulators regarding effective and safe systems operation. The financial services industry is continually undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. Our strategies for growing fee income across our lines of business are focused on achieving deeper market penetration and cross-selling our diverse product mix. Our approach is concentrated on organically growing and deepening client relationships that meet our risk/return measures. We are also working to build a stronger residential mortgage banking business with the goal of becoming the provider of choice for our customers. We continue to focus on expense management while investing in technology and business infrastructure and streamlining our processes. The ability to access and use technology is an increasingly important competitive factor in the financial services industry, and it is a critically important component to customer satisfaction as it affects our ability to deliver the right products and services. Our business and financial performance are dependent on our ability to attract and retain customers for our products and services, which may be negatively impacted by a lack of consumer and business economic confidence as well as our actions, including our ability to anticipate and satisfy customer demands for products and services.