We are in the process of implementing an information technology (IT) solution, which could temporarily disrupt day-to-day operations at certain operating units. Continued development and implementation of the IT solution will require substantial financial and personnel resources. While the IT solution is intended to improve and enhance our information systems, implementation of new information systems at each operating unit exposes us to the risks of start-up of the new system and integration of that system with our existing systems and processes, including possible disruption of our financial reporting. There is no guarantee that we will realize economic or other intended benefits from continued development and implementation of the IT solution. Additionally, the IT solution may not be developed or implemented as timely or as accurately as planned. Failure to properly implement the IT solution could result in substantial disruptions to our business, including coordinating and processing our normal business activities, testing and recording of certain data necessary to provide oversight over our disclosure controls and procedures and effective internal controls over our financial reporting, and other unforeseen problems. IT solution failures, network disruptions, and breaches of data security could disrupt our operations by causing, among other things, delays in the processing of transactions or the reporting of financial results or the unintentional disclosure of customer, employee, or company information that could damage our reputation. While management has taken steps to address these concerns by implementing network security and internal control measures, there can be no assurance that a system failure or data security breach will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. Our business is highly competitive, and we face competition from the in-house service organizations of our existing or prospective customers. Electric power and oil and gas service providers usually employ personnel who perform some of the same types of services we provide, and we cannot be certain that our existing or prospective customers will continue to outsource services in the future. We are also experiencing an increase in demand for our natural gas distribution services as a result of continuing improvement in economic conditions and lower natural gas prices. We believe there are meaningful long-term opportunities for us to penetrate the offshore and inland water energy markets in providing various infrastructure design, installation, and maintenance services primarily to the Gulf of Mexico region but also in select international markets. We believe that our ability to offer a complete pipeline integrity turnkey solution to pipeline companies and gas utilities provides us an advantageous position in providing these services to our customers. Our fiber optic licensing and other segment is experiencing growth primarily through network expansion, with a focus on markets where secure high-speed networks are important. We continue to see opportunities for growth both in the markets we currently serve and new markets. We are also expanding our service offerings to provide lit services, which should enable us to leverage the fiber optic network capacity in our existing and future fiber networks. We believe that our overall size and breadth of service offerings provide competitive advantages that allow us to leverage opportunities driven by the development and production of resources from North American unconventional shale formations, the Canadian oil sands, and coal seam gas and unconventional shale formations in Australia. We continue to evaluate potential strategic acquisitions and similar investments to broaden our customer base, expand our geographic area of operation, grow our portfolio of services, and increase opportunities across our operations.