The considerable expansion in the use of social media and digital marketing over recent years has compounded the potential scope of the negative publicity that could be generated by incidents involving cruise ships. Our business continues to demand the use of sophisticated technology and systems, which must be refined, updated, and/or replaced with more advanced systems to continue to meet our customers' demands and expectations. We rely on third-party providers of various services integral to the operations of our businesses, including the operation of a large part of our information technology systems. Substantial or repeated information systems failures, computer viruses, or cyber-attacks impacting our shoreside or shipboard operations could adversely impact our business. We are subject to various risks associated with the collection, handling, storage, and transmission of sensitive information, including risks related to compliance with applicable laws and other contractual obligations, as well as the risk that our systems collecting such information could be compromised. Our ability to access additional funding as and when needed, our ability to timely refinance and/or replace our outstanding debt securities and credit facilities on acceptable terms, and our cost of funding will depend upon numerous factors including but not limited to the vibrancy of the financial markets, our financial performance, and the performance of our industry in general. We have implemented a broad profitability improvement program with initiatives aimed at improving our returns on invested capital, which includes realizing economies of scale and improving service delivery to our travel partners and guests by restructuring and consolidating our global sales, marketing, and general and administrative structure. Our success depends, in large part, on the skills and contributions of key executives and other employees, and on our ability to recruit and retain high-quality personnel in key markets. The ownership and/or operation of cruise ships involves the risk of accidents, illnesses, mechanical failures, environmental incidents, and other incidents which may bring into question safety, health, security, and vacation satisfaction. Our ability to maintain our credit facilities may also be impacted by changes in our ownership base. We may not be able to obtain sufficient financing or capital for our needs or may not be able to do so on terms that are acceptable or consistent with our expectations. Our reliance on travel agencies to sell and market our cruises exposes us to certain risks which, if realized, could adversely impact our business. Our goals call for us to provide high-quality products and deliver high-quality services, and there can be no assurances that we can successfully balance these goals with our cost management strategies. Our inability to satisfy the covenants required by our credit facilities could adversely impact our liquidity. The financial crisis of 2008 disrupted the capital and credit markets, and a recurrence of these or similar disruptions could cause our counterparties and others to breach their obligations to us under our contracts with them. If we are unable to do so in a timely manner or within reasonable cost parameters or if we are unable to appropriately and timely train our employees to operate any of these new systems, our business could suffer. We believe that our most critical accounting policies are those that require management's highest degree of judgment, estimates, and assumptions, including the valuation of goodwill and long-lived assets, which are influenced by our operational capabilities and market conditions.