Our business operations are dependent upon information technology networks and systems to securely transmit, process and store electronic information and to communicate among our locations around the world and with clients and vendors. We rely on information and technology for many of our business operations which could fail and cause disruption to our business operations. A shutdown of, or inability to access, one or more of our facilities, a power outage or a failure of one or more of our information technology, telecommunications or other systems could significantly impair our ability to perform such functions on a timely basis. Computer viruses, cyberattacks, other external hazards and human error could result in the misappropriation of assets or sensitive information, corruption of data or operational disruption. If sustained or repeated, such a business interruption, system failure, service denial or data loss and damage could result in a deterioration of our ability to write and process business, provide customer service or perform other necessary business functions. Our technology is important to our success and our failure to protect this technology could put us at a competitive disadvantage. Many of our products rely on proprietary technology; therefore we believe that the development and protection of intellectual property rights through patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks, confidentiality agreements and other contractual provisions are important to the future success of our business. We must develop new products, respond to new technologies and enhance our existing products in a timely manner to remain competitive. Our growth strategy includes acquisitions, and our future growth is likely to depend to some degree on our ability to acquire and successfully integrate new businesses. We intend to seek additional acquisition opportunities, both to expand into new markets and to enhance our position in existing markets. Our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular transaction, and there are no assurances that we will properly ascertain all such risks. We have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, costs relating to compliance with environmental laws and regulations. Our ability to make scheduled principal payments of, to pay interest on, or to refinance our indebtedness and to satisfy our other debt obligations will depend upon our future operating performance, which may be affected by factors beyond our control. We face intense competition from numerous competitors, and our products compete primarily on the basis of product quality, performance, innovation, technology, price, applications expertise, system and service flexibility and established customer service capabilities. Our ability to meet the financial covenants or requirements in our credit facility may be affected by events beyond our control, and we may not be able to satisfy such covenants and requirements. The occurrence of any adverse changes in a specific country's or region's political or economic conditions could materially harm our business. We must conform our operations and properties to laws and adapt to regulatory requirements in the countries in which we operate as these requirements change. Our ability to borrow additional funds, complete future acquisitions, and make capital expenditures may be limited by our level of indebtedness and the debt servicing costs associated with that indebtedness. We expect existing cash and cash equivalents, cash generated by our U.S. operations, our unsecured credit facility, as well as our expected ability to access the capital markets, will be sufficient to fund operating requirements in the U.S. for the foreseeable future. We believe that internally generated cash flows and the remaining availability under our credit facilities will be adequate to finance normal operating requirements and future acquisition activities.