Our business is exposed to the risks of a large, multi-store retailer, which must continually and efficiently obtain and distribute a supply of fresh merchandise throughout a large and growing network of stores and distribution centers. Potential disruptions in the supply chain or in information systems could impact our ability to deliver product to our stores in a timely and cost-effective manner. In executing our off-price retail strategies and working to improve efficiencies, expand our store network, and reduce our costs, we face a number of operational risks, including our ability to effectively operate and continually upgrade our various supply chain, store, core merchandising, and other information systems. We aim to improve our merchandising and transaction processing capabilities, and the reliability and security of our data communication systems, through implementation of new processes and systems enhancements. Our existing strategies and store and distribution center expansion programs may not result in a continuation of our anticipated revenue or profit growth. We continually evaluate opportunistic real estate acquisitions and opportunities for potential new store locations, and we also evaluate our current store locations and determine store closures based on similar criteria. Our capital expenditures include costs to build or expand distribution centers, open new stores and improve existing stores, and for various other expenditures related to our information technology systems. We are forecasting approximately $450 million in capital expenditures for fiscal year 2015 to fund costs for fixtures and leasehold improvements to open new stores, the upgrade or relocation of existing stores, investments in information technology systems, and for various other expenditures related to our stores, distribution centers, buying, and corporate offices. Our capital expenditures over the last three years include significant investments in information systems, corporate, and other areas, which are essential for enhancing our operational efficiency and supporting our growth strategies. We must effectively manage all operating costs of the business, the largest of which are payroll and benefit costs for store and distribution center employees. Our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the performance of our common stock may be adversely affected by a number of risk factors, including the impacts from the macro-economic environment and financial and credit markets that affect consumer disposable income and consumer confidence. Our primary sources of funds for our business activities are cash flows from operations and short-term trade credit, with ongoing cash requirements for merchandise inventory purchases, payroll, rent, taxes, and capital expenditures in connection with new and existing stores, and investments in distribution centers and information systems. We regularly review the adequacy of credit available to us from all sources and expect to be able to maintain adequate trade credit, bank lines, and other credit sources to meet our capital and liquidity requirements, including lease payment obligations. Our strategies and store expansion program contributed to sales gains, but we cannot be sure that they will result in a continuation of sales growth or in an increase in net earnings. The continued success of our business depends in part upon our ability to increase sales at our existing store locations, to open new stores, and to operate stores on a profitable basis.