This form 10-K contains certain forward-looking information about us that is intended to be covered by the safe harbor for "forward-looking statements." Our business is directly affected by changes in national and general economic factors and overall economic activity that are outside of our control, including consumer confidence and interest rates. The waste industry is highly competitive and includes competitors that may have greater financial and operational resources, flexibility to reduce prices, or other competitive advantages that could make it difficult for us to compete effectively. Our ability to obtain solid waste volume for our landfills may be limited by the fact that some major collection operations also own or operate landfills to which they send their waste. We seek to secure price increases necessary to offset higher costs, to maintain or improve operating margins, and to obtain adequate returns on our substantial investments in assets such as our landfills. Our operations also require the use of products whose costs may vary with the price of petrochemicals. We are also susceptible to increases in indirect fuel recovery fees from our vendors. We depend on fuel purchased in the open market to operate our collection and transfer trucks and other equipment used for collection, transfer, and disposal. Our collection and landfill operations could be adversely impacted by extended periods of inclement weather or by increased severity of weather and climate extremes resulting from climate change. Our ability to execute our financial strategy depends in part on our ability to maintain investment grade ratings on our debt. Our growth strategy places significant demands on our financial, operational, and management resources. We cannot assure you that we will be able to find and train qualified personnel, or do so on a timely basis, or to expand our operations and systems to the extent, and in the time, required. We may be unable to execute our acquisition growth strategy. The integration of our operations with those of acquired companies may present significant challenges to our management. Our ability to execute our financial strategy depends in part on our ability to generate sufficient cash flow to reinvest in our existing business, fund internal growth, acquire other solid waste businesses, pay dividends, repurchase stock, and take other actions to enhance shareholder value. We are also expanding and improving our information technologies, resulting in a larger technological presence and corresponding exposure to cybersecurity risk. If we fail to assess and identify cybersecurity risks associated with acquisitions and new initiatives, we may become increasingly vulnerable to such risks. The theft, destruction, loss, misappropriation, or release of sensitive and/or confidential information or intellectual property, or interference with our information technology systems or the technology systems of third parties on which we rely, could result in business disruption, negative publicity, brand damage, violation of privacy laws, loss of customers, potential liability, and competitive disadvantage. Our cash needs will increase if the expenditures for capping, closure, post-closure, and remediation activities increase above our current estimates, which may occur over a long period due to changes in federal, state, or local government requirements and other factors beyond our control. We may be unable to obtain or maintain required permits or to expand existing permitted capacity of our landfills, which could decrease our revenue and increase our costs. Our financial strategy also depends on our ability to generate sufficient cash flow to reinvest in our existing business, fund internal growth, acquire other solid waste businesses, pay dividends, repurchase stock, and take other actions to enhance shareholder value.