Our business and financial performance may be adversely affected by attacks on our information technology infrastructure and other business disruptions. Cybersecurity threats, in particular, are evolving and include, but are not limited to, both attacks to our IT infrastructure and attacks to the IT infrastructure of third parties in attempts to gain unauthorized access to confidential, classified or otherwise proprietary information of us and/or our employees, customers and other third parties. Such cybersecurity attacks could result in disruptions in systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information and corruption of data (our own or that of third parties). We have experienced cybersecurity attacks and may continue to experience them going forward, potentially with more frequency. We believe that we have adopted appropriate measures to mitigate potential risks to our technology and our operations from these information technology-related and other potential disruptions. However, given the unpredictability of the timing, nature and scope of such disruptions, we could potentially be subject to production downtimes, operational delays, other detrimental impacts on our operations or ability to provide products and services to our customers, the compromising of confidential or otherwise protected information, misappropriation, destruction or corruption of data, security breaches, other manipulation or improper use of our systems or networks, financial losses from remedial actions, loss of business or potential liability, and/or damage to our reputation, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. We design, manufacture and service products that incorporate advanced technologies; the introduction of new products and technologies involves risks and we may not realize the degree or timing of benefits initially anticipated. Our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of our technological advancements depends on a variety of factors, including meeting development, production, certification and regulatory approval schedules; execution of internal and external performance plans; availability of supplier and internally-produced parts and materials; performance of suppliers and subcontractors; hiring and training of qualified personnel; achieving cost and production efficiencies; identification of emerging technological trends in our target end-markets; validation of innovative technologies; the level of customer interest in new technologies and products; and customer acceptance of our products and products that incorporate technologies we develop. Our contracts are typically awarded on a competitive basis. Our bids are based upon, among other items, the cost to provide the products and services. To generate an acceptable return on our investment in these contracts, we must be able to accurately estimate our costs to provide the services and deliver the products required by the contract and to be able to complete the contracts in a timely manner. If we fail to accurately estimate our costs or the time required to complete a contract, the profitability of our contracts may be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we cannot be sure that our competitors will not develop competing technologies which gain market acceptance in advance of or instead of our products. The possibility exists that our competitors might develop new technology or offerings that might cause our existing technology and offerings to become obsolete. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. We depend on our intellectual property, and have access to certain intellectual property and information of our customers and suppliers; infringement or failure to protect our intellectual property could adversely affect our future growth and success. Our efforts to protect intellectual property and proprietary rights may not be sufficient. We cannot be sure that our pending patent applications will result in the issuance of patents to us, that patents issued to or licensed by us in the past or in the future will not be challenged or circumvented by competitors, or that these patents will be found to be valid or sufficiently broad to preclude our competitors from introducing technologies similar to those covered by our patents and patent applications.