The demand for the majority of our services depends substantially on the level of expenditures by the oil and gas industry for the exploration, development, and production of oil and natural gas reserves. If we are unable to maintain technology leadership, this could adversely affect any competitive advantage we hold. If we are unable to continue to develop and produce competitive technology or deliver it to our clients in a timely and cost-competitive manner in the various markets we serve, it could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. The technical complexities of our operations expose us to a wide range of significant health, safety, and environmental risks. Our offerings involve production-related activities, radioactive materials, chemicals, explosives, and other equipment and services that are deployed in challenging exploration, development, and production environments. An accident involving these services or equipment, or a failure of a product, could cause personal injury, loss of life, damage to or destruction of property, equipment, or the environment, or suspension of operations. Our insurance may not protect us against liability for some kinds of events, including events involving pollution, or against losses resulting from business interruption. Moreover, we may not be able to maintain insurance at levels of risk coverage or policy limits that we deem adequate. Any damages caused by our services or products that are not covered by insurance, or are in excess of policy limits or are subject to substantial deductibles, could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. The prices for oil and natural gas have historically been volatile and can be affected by a variety of factors, including technological advances affecting energy consumption. The oil and gas industry has historically experienced periodic downturns, which have been characterized by diminished demand for oilfield services and downward pressure on the prices we charge. A significant downturn in the oil and gas industry could result in a reduction in demand for oilfield services and could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Cyber attacks could affect our business. If our systems for protecting against cybersecurity risks are circumvented or breached, this could result in the loss of our intellectual property or other proprietary information, including customer data, and disruption of our business operations. The increase in operational efficiency and the introduction of new technologies have contributed to our performance improvements. Our business may be adversely affected if our patents are unenforceable, the claims allowed under our patents are not sufficient to protect our technology, or our patent applications are denied. Our competitors may be able to develop technology independently that is similar to ours without infringing on our patents or gaining access to our trade secrets, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We require highly skilled personnel to operate and provide technical services and support for our business. Competition for the personnel required for our businesses intensifies as activity increases. In periods of high utilization, it may become more difficult to find and retain qualified individuals. This could increase our costs or have other adverse effects on our operations. The technical requirements of environmental laws and regulations are becoming increasingly complex, stringent, and expensive to implement. Stricter enforcement of existing laws and regulations, new laws and regulations, the discovery of previously unknown contamination, or the imposition of new or increased requirements could require us to incur costs or become the basis of new or increased liabilities that could reduce our earnings and our cash available for operations. The ability to tailor information management capabilities in response to changing business needs and directions is crucial for maintaining competitive advantage.