The semiconductor and electronics industries have become increasingly complex ecosystems, with many customers outsourcing the manufacture of their semiconductor designs to foundries and frequently incorporating third-party intellectual property (IP) into their designs to improve the efficiency of their design process. We work closely with major foundries to ensure that our electronic design automation (EDA), IP, and manufacturing solutions are compatible with their manufacturing processes. If we fail to optimize our EDA and IP solutions for use with major foundries' manufacturing processes or major IP providers' products, our solutions may become less desirable to our customers, adversely affecting our business and financial condition. Our ability to innovate and introduce new products and services or effectively integrate products and technologies that we acquire is critical in maintaining our competitive position. The industries in which we operate are highly competitive, and the demand for our products and services is dynamic, influenced by factors including demand for our customers' products, design starts, and budgetary constraints. Technology in these industries evolves rapidly and is characterized by frequent product introductions and improvements. Our success depends in part upon protecting our proprietary technology, which is essential for maintaining our competitive advantage. We rely on agreements with customers, employees, and others, as well as on intellectual property laws worldwide to protect our proprietary technology. Cybersecurity threats or other security breaches could compromise sensitive information belonging to us or our customers and could harm our business and reputation. We store sensitive data, including intellectual property and confidential employee information, in our data centers and on our networks. Despite our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breaches due to employee error or malfeasance. Our investment in research and development is substantial, and we may need to invest more resources than anticipated, which could increase our operating expenses and negatively affect our operating results. The global nature of our operations exposes us to increased risks and compliance obligations that may adversely affect our business. We derive more than half of our revenue from sales outside the United States, and we expect our orders and revenue to continue to depend on sales to customers outside the U.S. Our international operations subject us to a number of increased risks, including ineffective legal protection of intellectual property rights and difficulties in adapting to cultural differences in the conduct of business. Changes in accounting principles or standards could result in unfavorable accounting charges or effects and unexpected financial reporting fluctuations. Our financial statements are also affected by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. We maintain significant deferred tax assets related to federal research credits and certain state tax credits, and our ability to use these credits is dependent upon having sufficient future taxable income in the relevant jurisdiction. We may not be able to realize the potential financial or strategic benefits of the acquisitions we complete, which could hurt our ability to grow our business