We face risks associated with security breaches through cyber-attacks, cyber intrusions or otherwise, as well as other significant disruptions of our information technology (IT) networks and related systems. Our IT networks and related systems are essential to the operation of our business and our ability to perform day-to-day operations and, in some cases, may be critical to the operations of certain of our tenants. Although we make efforts to maintain the security and integrity of these types of IT networks and related systems, and we have implemented various measures to manage the risk of a security breach or disruption, there can be no assurance that our security efforts and measures will be effective or that attempted security breaches or disruptions would not be successful or damaging. Even the most well-protected information, networks, systems and facilities remain potentially vulnerable because the techniques used in such attempted security breaches evolve and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, and in some cases are designed not to be detected and, in fact, may not be detected. Accordingly, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate security barriers or other preventative measures, and thus it is impossible for us to entirely mitigate this risk. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to attract and retain talented employees, and the loss of any one of our key personnel could adversely impact our business. The success of our business depends, in part, on the leadership and performance of our executive management team and key employees, and our ability to attract, retain and motivate talented employees could significantly impact our future performance. Competition for these individuals is intense, and we cannot assure you that we will retain our executive management team and key employees or that we will be able to attract and retain other highly qualified individuals for these positions in the future. Our business model and status as a REIT requires us to regularly access the debt markets to raise funds for acquisition, development and redevelopment activity, and to refinance maturing debt. We may also, from time to time, access the equity capital markets to accomplish our business objectives. We believe we have sufficient cash on hand and availability under the credit facility, the supplemental facility, and the commercial paper program to address our debt maturities and capital needs through 2015. We expect to generate positive cash flow from operations in 2015, and we consider these projected cash flows in our sources and uses of cash. These cash flows are principally derived from rents paid by our retail tenants. A significant deterioration in projected cash flows from operations could cause us to increase our reliance on available funds from our credit facilities, curtail planned capital expenditures, or seek other additional sources of financing. Our international strategy includes partnering with established real estate companies and financing international investments with local currency to minimize foreign exchange risk. We also grow by generating supplemental revenue from activities such as establishing our malls as leading market resource providers for retailers and other businesses and consumer-focused corporate alliances, including payment systems, national marketing alliances, static and digital media initiatives, business development, sponsorship, and events. Our IT capability is critical in transforming our firm into a competitive force, and the mobilization and deployment of IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities is essential for achieving our organizational goals.