New business technologies present a risk for attacks on our information systems and the integrity of our energy grid and our natural gas pipeline infrastructure and storage. Cybersecurity and the protection of our operations and other activities and our customer and employee information are a priority at Sempra Energy, SDG&E, and SoCalGas. The utility industry faces evolving cybersecurity risks associated with protecting sensitive and confidential customer information, smart grid infrastructure, and natural gas pipeline and storage infrastructure. Deployment of new business technologies represents a new and large-scale opportunity for attacks on our information systems and confidential customer information, as well as on the integrity of the energy grid and the natural gas infrastructure. Addressing these risks is the subject of significant ongoing activities across Sempra Energy's businesses, but we cannot ensure that a successful attack will not occur. An attack on our information systems, unauthorized access to confidential customer information, the integrity of the energy grid or the natural gas infrastructure, or one of our facilities could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations, and/or prospects. Our businesses will need to continue to adapt to technological change which may cause us to incur significant expenditures to adapt to these changes and which efforts may not be successful. Emerging technologies may be superior to, or may not be compatible with, some of our existing technologies, investments, and infrastructure, and may require us to make significant expenditures to remain competitive or result in the obsolescence of certain operating assets. Our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to anticipate and successfully adapt to technological changes, to offer services that meet customer demands and evolving industry standards, and to recover all, or a significant portion of, any unrecovered investment in obsolete assets. If we incur significant expenditures in adapting to technological changes, fail to adapt to significant technological changes, fail to obtain access to important new technologies, or fail to recover a significant portion of any remaining investment in obsolete assets, our businesses, operating results, and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. The operation of our facilities depends on good labor relations with our employees. Several of our businesses have entered into and have in place collective bargaining agreements with different labor unions. Any failure to reach an agreement on new labor contracts or to negotiate these labor contracts might result in strikes, boycotts, or other labor disruptions. These potential labor disruptions could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, results of operations, and/or cash flows. Labor disruptions, strikes, or significant negotiated wage and benefit increases, whether due to union activities, employee turnover, or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, results of operations, and/or cash flows. Our international businesses are exposed to different local, regulatory, and business risks and challenges, which could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations, and/or prospects. In Mexico, we own or have interests in electricity generation, distribution, and transmission facilities, natural gas, propane, and ethane distribution, storage and transportation projects, and an LNG terminal. Developing infrastructure projects, owning energy assets, and operating businesses in foreign jurisdictions subject us to significant political, legal, regulatory, and financial risks that vary by country, including changes in foreign laws and regulations, including tax and environmental laws and regulations, and U.S. laws and regulations, in each case, that are related to foreign operations.