The following factors could cause our future results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements: changes in available technology and the effects of such changes, including product substitutions and deployment costs; our ability to develop attractive and profitable product/service offerings to offset increasing competition in our wireless and wireline markets; the ability of our competitors to offer product/service offerings at lower prices due to lower cost structures and regulatory and legislative actions adverse to us; and changes in our corporate strategies, such as changing network requirements or acquisitions and dispositions, which may require significant amounts of cash or stock, to respond to competition and regulatory, legislative and technological developments. Our ability to absorb revenue losses caused by increasing competition, including offerings that use alternative technologies, and our ability to maintain capital expenditures are also critical. The continued development of attractive and profitable service offerings, including the extent to which regulatory, franchise fees and build-out requirements apply to this initiative, is essential for our market positioning. Our ability to manage growth in wireless data services, including network quality and acquisition of adequate spectrum at reasonable costs and terms, is a significant factor in our operational flexibility. Additionally, the impact on our networks and business from major equipment failures, security breaches related to the network or customer information, and our inability to obtain handsets, equipment/software in a timely and cost-effective manner from suppliers are pertinent challenges. The uncertainty surrounding further congressional action to address spending reductions may result in a significant reduction in government spending and reluctance of businesses and consumers to spend in general and on our products and services specifically, due to this fiscal uncertainty. Our ability to adequately fund our wireless operations, including payment for additional spectrum, network upgrades and technological advancements, is vital for sustaining our competitive advantage. The final outcome of FCC and other federal or state agency proceedings involving issues that are important to our business, including the transition from legacy technologies to IP-based infrastructure, is also a critical aspect of our operational strategy. Furthermore, the enactment of additional state, federal and/or foreign regulatory and tax laws and regulations pertaining to our subsidiaries and foreign investments may impact our incentive to invest in our networks, resulting in lower revenue growth and/or higher operating costs. Our increased exposure to foreign economies due to recent and pending acquisitions, including foreign exchange fluctuations, adds another layer of complexity to our operational landscape. Overall, the interplay of these factors highlights the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with other resources and capabilities to enhance our business strategies and work processes effectively.