Our business is sensitive to the number of flight hours that our customers' planes spend aloft, the size and age of the worldwide aircraft fleet, and our customers' profitability. These items are affected by general economic and geopolitical conditions, which can impact airline profitability and, consequently, our sales to manufacturers of aircraft. We rely heavily on certain customers for much of our sales, and a material reduction in purchasing by one of our larger customers could have a material adverse effect on our net sales, gross margin, and net income. Our business strategy includes a value-driven operating strategy focused on obtaining profitable new business, improving our cost structure, and providing highly engineered value-added products to customers. We believe our key competitive strengths include a large and growing installed product base with an aftermarket revenue stream and a diversified revenue base that reduces dependence on any particular product or market channel. Our selective acquisition strategy has contributed to our growth, and we have successfully integrated many acquisitions into our existing businesses, which has historically resulted in improvements in financial performance. The aerospace industry is highly regulated, and we must maintain certifications from various agencies to sell our components. Our ability to generate cash flow from operations and to refinance our indebtedness will depend on our ability to respond to changes in the business environment, including economic, financial, competitive, and regulatory factors. We are subject to certain unique business risks due to supplying equipment and services to the U.S. government, including the ability of the government to unilaterally terminate contracts or reduce contract values. Our operations are also affected by the price and availability of raw materials and component parts, which could impact our ability to manufacture our products efficiently. We have a significant amount of indebtedness, and our ability to service this debt depends on our future cash flow generation, which is subject to various external influences. The commercial aerospace industry, including the aftermarket and OEM market, is impacted by the health of the global economy and geopolitical events. We service a diversified customer base in the commercial and military aerospace industry, which mitigates our exposure to any individual airframe platform. Our presence in both sectors may help offset risks associated with specific industry downturns. Our business is also dependent on the availability of skilled personnel, and competition for such talent could adversely affect our operations. The integration of acquired businesses requires substantial attention from management, which could detract from our ability to service customers and develop new products. The company's capital structure comprises a mix of equity and debt financing, and we continually evaluate our debt facilities to ensure they meet our current and future business needs. The company's acquisition strategy may require substantial capital, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to raise necessary funds on acceptable terms. Our future leverage will also be impacted by the conditions of the credit markets.