Our business is becoming increasingly reliant on technology investments, and the returns on these investments are less predictable than building new stores and remodeling existing stores. We are currently making, and will continue to make, significant technology investments to support our omnichannel efforts, implement improvements to our guest-facing technology, and evolve our inventory management system, information processes, and computer systems to more efficiently run our business and remain competitive and relevant to our guests. Our ability to create a personalized guest experience through the collection and use of guest data is important to our ability to differentiate from other retailers. We must compete by offering a consistent and convenient shopping experience for our guests regardless of the ultimate sales channel; providing and maintaining digital tools for our guests and team members that have the right features and are reliable and easy to use; working with our vendors to offer unique and distinctive merchandise; and encouraging our guests to shop with confidence with our price-match policy. Failure to effectively execute in these efforts, actions by our competitors in response to these efforts, or failures of our vendors to manage their own channels, content, and technology systems could hurt our ability to differentiate ourselves from other retailers and, as a result, have an adverse effect on sales, gross margins, and expenses. A significant disruption in our computer systems and our inability to adequately maintain and update those systems could adversely affect our operations and our ability to maintain guest confidence. We rely extensively on our computer systems to manage inventory, process guest transactions, manage and maintain the privacy of guest data, communicate with our vendors and other third parties, and summarize and analyze results. Our systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, telecommunications failures, computer viruses and malicious attacks, security breaches, and catastrophic events. If our systems are damaged or fail to function properly, we may incur substantial repair or replacement costs, experience data loss or theft, and encounter lost guest confidence, which could adversely affect our results of operations. We continually make significant technology investments that will help maintain and update our existing computer systems. Implementing significant system changes increases the risk of computer system disruption. The potential problems and interruptions associated with implementing technology initiatives could disrupt or reduce our operational efficiency and could impact the guest experience and guest confidence. If we are unable to attract and retain team members or contract with third parties having the specialized skills needed to support our omnichannel efforts, implement improvements to our guest-facing technology in a timely manner, or provide a convenient and consistent experience for our guests regardless of the ultimate sales channel, our ability to compete and our results of operations could be adversely affected. Our technology initiatives might not provide the anticipated benefits or may provide them on a delayed schedule or at a higher cost. We must monitor and choose the right investments and implement them at the right pace. Our growth also depends, in part, on our ability to build new stores and remodel existing stores in a manner that achieves appropriate returns on our capital investment. We compete with other retailers and businesses for suitable locations for our stores. Changes in our relationships with our vendors also have the potential to increase our expenses and adversely affect results of operations. We rely on third parties to support a variety of business functions, including portions of our technology development and systems, our digital platforms, and distribution network operations. If we are unable to contract with third parties having the specialized skills needed to support those strategies or integrate their products and services with our business, or if we fail to properly manage those third parties or if they fail to meet our performance standards and expectations, including with respect to data security, our reputation, sales, and results of operations could be adversely affected.