The company depends in large part on its technology systems for conducting business and processing claims, as well as for providing the data and analytics utilized to manage its business. The business success is dependent on maintaining the effectiveness of existing technology systems and on continuing to develop and enhance technology systems that support business processes and strategic initiatives in a cost and resource-efficient manner. The company has undertaken various actions to improve its underwriting margins on many of its insurance products, which include seeking improved rates, improved terms and conditions, and initiatives such as reducing operating expenses and acquisition costs. The competitive environment in which the company operates could be impacted by changes in customer preferences, including customer demand for direct distribution channels, and the use of comparative rating technologies has impacted the business by facilitating the process of generating multiple quotes, thereby increasing price comparison on new business and renewal business. The company anticipates that its new quantum auto 2.0 product in the personal insurance segment's agency automobile line of business will continue to increase new business premiums. The company’s ability to deploy technology that collects and analyzes a wide variety of data points is critical for making underwriting or other decisions. The company recognizes that technology initiatives present significant risks, as its business is highly dependent upon employees' ability to perform necessary business functions efficiently and uninterruptedly. A shut-down of, or inability to access, one or more facilities, a power outage, or a failure of information technology systems could significantly impair the ability to perform necessary functions on a timely basis. The company also relies on internet applications for the marketing and sale of certain products, and any disruptions could materially and adversely affect future business volume and results of operations. The company’s operations rely on the reliable and secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential and other information in its computer systems and networks. The company is subject to risks associated with data security, including exposure to security breaches, cyber-attacks, or other disruptions, which could adversely impact its ability to conduct business. The company has increasingly outsourced certain technology and business process functions to third parties, which may expose it to increased risk related to data security or service disruptions. The company’s investment strategy is to maintain a high-quality investment portfolio, and it closely monitors the duration of its fixed maturity investments. The company conducts various analyses and methods, including proprietary and third-party computer modeling processes, to analyze catastrophic events and the risks associated with them. The company actively monitors and evaluates changes in third-party models and calibrates its catastrophe risk model estimates. The company’s investment portfolio is managed to support its insurance operations, and the primary goals of its asset-liability management process are to satisfy insurance liabilities and maintain sufficient liquidity to cover fluctuations in projected liability cash flows. The company’s ability to manage its catastrophe exposure and implement risk-based pricing may be impacted by changing climate conditions and regulatory requirements. The company continually reviews emerging issues, such as changing climate conditions, to consider potential changes to its modeling and the use of such modeling, as well as to help determine the need for new underwriting strategies, coverage modifications, or new products.