We rely on technology and technology improvements in our business operations; if we do not have sufficient capital to acquire new technology or if we are unable to develop or implement new technology such as positive train control (PTC) or the latest version of our transportation control systems, we may suffer a competitive disadvantage within the rail industry. Additionally, if a cyber attack or other event causes significant disruption or failure of one or more of our information technology systems, including computer hardware, software, and communications equipment, we could suffer a significant service interruption, safety failure, security breach, or other operational difficulties. We continue to improve our transportation plan, add capacity, improve operations at our yards and other facilities, and improve our ability to address surges in demand for any reason with adequate resources. Our capital plan includes significant investments in technology improvements, including approximately $450 million for PTC. We expect to use 55% to 60% of our capital investments to renew and improve existing capital assets, which will enhance the long-term value of the company for our shareholders by providing sufficient resources to replace and improve our existing track infrastructure to provide safe and fluid operations, increase network efficiency by adding or improving facilities and track, and make investments that meet customer demand and take advantage of opportunities for long-term growth. Our ability to leverage technology resources effectively is crucial for maintaining operational efficiency and enhancing our service reliability. We face competition from other railroads and other transportation providers, and we must build or acquire and maintain our rail system. Any future improvements or expenditures materially increasing the quality or reducing the cost of alternative modes of transportation could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. Our operational efficiency may also be negatively impacted by severe weather conditions, which can adversely affect our entire rail network and can adversely affect revenue, costs, and liabilities. We must manage fluctuating demand for our services and network capacity; if there is significant demand for our services that exceeds the designed capacity of our network, we may experience network difficulties, including congestion and reduced velocity, that could compromise the level of service we provide to our customers. We are subject to significant governmental regulation that requires us to obtain and maintain various licenses, permits, and other authorizations, and we cannot guarantee that we will continue to be able to do so. Our failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on us. We also face risks related to climate change, including potential increases in operating costs due to restrictions on emissions of greenhouse gases, which could significantly affect our financial performance. We are committed to using technology to improve our operations and reduce the impact of our operations on the environment, including investments in new technologies and changing our operations to increase fuel efficiency. The integration of technology into our operations is essential for enhancing our competitiveness and achieving our strategic objectives.