Disruptions in our information technology systems or a compromise of security with respect to our systems could adversely affect our operating results by limiting our capacity to effectively monitor and control our operations. Our information technology systems facilitate our ability to monitor and control our operations and adjust to changing market conditions. Any disruptions in these systems or the failure of these systems to operate as expected could, depending on the magnitude of the problem, adversely affect our operating results by limiting our capacity to effectively monitor and control our operations and adjust to changing market conditions. In addition, the security measures we employ to protect our systems may not detect or prevent all attempts to hack our systems, denial-of-service attacks, viruses, malicious software, phishing attacks, security breaches or other attacks and similar disruptions that may jeopardize the security of information stored in or transmitted by the sites, networks and systems that we otherwise maintain. Our operational and cost reduction strategies may not generate the improvements and efficiencies we expect. We have been pursuing a strategy of optimizing our field operations in order to improve sales force effectiveness, and to focus our sales force's efforts on increasing revenues from our national account and other large customers. We are also continuing to pursue our overall cost reduction program, which resulted in substantial cost savings in the past. The extent to which these strategies will achieve our desired efficiencies and goals in 2015 and beyond is uncertain, as their success depends on a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control. We are dependent on our relationships with key suppliers to obtain equipment and other supplies for our business on acceptable terms. We have achieved significant cost savings through our centralization of equipment and non-equipment purchases. However, as a result, we depend on and are exposed to the credit risk of a group of key suppliers. Although we believe we have alternative sources of supply for the equipment and other supplies used in our business, termination of our relationship with any of our key suppliers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations in the unlikely event that we were unable to obtain adequate equipment or supplies from other sources in a timely manner or at all. Our significant indebtedness exposes us to various risks, including increasing our vulnerability to, and limiting our flexibility to plan for, or react to, adverse economic, industry or competitive developments. Our ability to refinance indebtedness will depend in part on our operating and financial performance, which, in turn, is subject to prevailing economic conditions and to financial, business, legislative, regulatory and other factors beyond our control. We rely on available borrowings under the asset-based lending facility and the accounts receivable securitization facility for cash to operate our business, which subjects us to market and counterparty risk, some of which is beyond our control. Our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control. We may not be able to generate sufficient cash flow from operations to repay our indebtedness when it becomes due and to meet our other cash needs. If we are unable to service our indebtedness and fund our operations, we will have to adopt an alternative strategy that may include reducing or delaying capital expenditures, limiting our growth, seeking additional capital, selling assets, or restructuring or refinancing our indebtedness. Our information technology systems and support are critical to our operations, and any failure to effectively manage these systems could adversely impact our business performance and operational efficiency. The integration of technology capabilities into our operational framework is essential for maintaining competitive advantage and ensuring responsiveness to market dynamics.