Our investments in and acquisitions of health care and seniors housing properties may be unsuccessful or fail to meet our expectations. We may be unable to quickly and efficiently integrate new acquisitions into our existing operations, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Our proactive and comprehensive asset management process includes review of monthly financial statements and other operating data for each property, review of obligor/partner creditworthiness, property inspections, and review of covenant compliance. We utilize a proprietary database to collect and analyze property-specific data and conduct extensive research to ascertain industry trends. We evaluate the operating environment in each property's market to determine the likely trend in operating performance of the facility. When we identify unacceptable trends, we seek to mitigate, eliminate or transfer the risk. Our ability to effectively execute our plans and to appropriately respond to emerging economic and company-specific trends is critical to achieving our financial objectives. We monitor our investments through a variety of methods determined by the type of property, which supports both the collectability of revenue and the value of our investment. Our growth has resulted in increased levels of responsibility for our management, and future property acquisitions could place significant additional demands on our management, resources, and personnel. We depend on Genesis Healthcare, LLC for a significant portion of our revenues, and any inability or unwillingness by Genesis to satisfy its obligations under its agreements with us could adversely affect us. Our operators are expected to encounter increased competition in the future that could limit their ability to attract residents or expand their businesses. We are exposed to various operational risks that may increase our costs or adversely affect our ability to generate revenues. The operators of our properties compete on a local and regional basis with operators of properties and other health care providers that provide comparable services. We cannot assure you that our operators will be able to achieve and maintain occupancy and rate levels that will enable them to meet all of their obligations to us. Our ability to acquire our partner's interest may be limited if we do not have sufficient cash, available borrowing capacity, or other capital resources. We may be required to fund certain expenses to preserve the value of an investment property, avoid the imposition of liens on a property, and/or transition a property to a new tenant. Our ability to manage our rapid growth effectively could harm our business and, in particular, our financial condition. We have experienced substantial increases in both the number and size of patient care liability claims, which may adversely affect the property operators' future operations, cash flows, and financial condition. Cybersecurity incidents could disrupt our business and result in the loss of confidential information. Our business is at risk from cybersecurity attacks, including attempts to gain unauthorized access to our confidential data and other electronic security breaches. We employ a number of measures to prevent, detect, and mitigate these threats, but there is no guarantee such efforts will be successful in preventing a cyber attack. Our corporate governance guidelines provide the framework for our business operations and emphasize our commitment to increase stockholder value while meeting all applicable legal requirements. We continuously evaluate opportunities to finance future investments, and our liquidity is sufficient to fund these uses of cash. Our primary sources of cash include rent and interest receipts, resident fees and services, borrowings under our primary unsecured credit facility, and public issuances of debt and equity securities. We expect to reinvest the proceeds from any investment dispositions in new investments.