We rely on our information technology infrastructure to process, transmit, and store electronic information, including information we use to safely operate our assets. We face cybersecurity and other security threats to our information technology infrastructure, which could include threats to our operational industrial control systems and safety systems that operate our pipelines, plants, and assets. The age, operating systems, or condition of our current information technology infrastructure and software assets and our ability to maintain and upgrade such assets could affect our ability to resist cybersecurity threats. Breaches in our information technology infrastructure or physical facilities, or other disruptions including those arising from theft, vandalism, fraud, or unethical conduct, could result in damage to our assets, unnecessary waste, safety incidents, damage to the environment, reputational damage, potential liability, or the loss of contracts, and have a material adverse effect on our operations, financial position, and results of operations. Our business could be negatively impacted by security threats, including cybersecurity threats and related disruptions. We have both a project lifecycle process and an investment evaluation process. These are processes we use to identify, evaluate, and execute on acquisition opportunities and capital projects. We may not always have sufficient and accurate information to identify and value potential opportunities and risks, or our investment evaluation process may be incomplete or flawed. Our ability to acquire new businesses and assets and successfully integrate those operations and assets into our existing businesses, as well as successfully expand our facilities, is critical. We may not be able to grow or effectively manage our growth. Our industry is highly competitive, and increased competitive pressure could adversely affect our business and operating results. Our competitors may be able to respond more quickly to new laws or regulations or emerging technologies or to devote greater resources to the construction, expansion, or refurbishment of their facilities than we can. The ability to understand our customers' expectations, efficiently and reliably deliver high-quality services, and effectively manage customer relationships will impact our reputation and positioning in the market. We expect to maintain an attractive cost of capital and reliable access to capital markets, both of which will allow us to pursue development projects and acquisitions. Our ongoing strategy is to safely and reliably operate large-scale, interstate natural gas transmission and midstream infrastructures where our assets can be fully utilized and drive low per-unit costs. We focus on consistently attracting new business by providing highly reliable service to our customers. Our operations are subject to operational hazards and unforeseen interruptions, including aging infrastructure and mechanical problems, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We are subject to risks associated with the failure of our service providers or disruptions to our outsourcing relationships, which might negatively impact our ability to conduct our business. We continue to address these risks through disciplined investment strategies, sufficient liquidity from cash and cash equivalents, and available capacity under our credit facilities. Our ability to comply with our debt covenants, to repay, extend, or refinance our existing debt obligations, and to obtain future credit will depend primarily on our operating performance. Our management team expects to face challenges inherent in integrating certain operations into our existing business while maintaining adequate focus on our core businesses. The integration process could result in the loss of key employees, as well as the disruption of ongoing businesses or the creation of inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures, and policies.