In response to the Russia-Ukraine war, we announced a halt of all new sales of our products and services in Russia and Belarus, which resulted in a total annual recurring revenue (ARR) reduction of $87 million taken at the beginning of the second quarter of fiscal 2022. We continuously monitor the direct and indirect impacts of macroeconomic conditions, including the Russia-Ukraine war and the COVID-19 pandemic, on our business and financial results, as well as the overall global economy and geopolitical landscape. Our subscription-based business model allows for relatively predictable revenue and earnings; however, the broader implications of these macroeconomic events on our business and overall financial position remain uncertain. We believe that investments in research and development are critical to remain competitive in the marketplace and are directly related to the timely development of new and enhanced offerings and solutions. Our strategy with Creative Cloud is designed to enable us to increase our revenue with users, attract more new customers, and grow our recurring and predictable revenue stream that is recognized ratably. We offer integrated solutions that enhance the way people manage critical documents and creative content across devices, which is essential for operational continuity and adaptability in a digital-first world. The ongoing shift towards a digital-first world has driven strong demand across our digital media and digital experience offerings. Our differentiation and competitive advantage are strengthened by our ability to use the Adobe Experience Platform to integrate our comprehensive set of solutions, which helps our customers manage, deliver, and optimize customer experiences that span from analytics to commerce. We have made significant investments to broaden the scale and size of our routes to market, reflecting the success of these investments in driving growth. Our annualized recurring revenue is currently the key performance metric used to assess the health and trajectory of our overall digital media segment. We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents, and investment balances will be sufficient to meet our working capital, operating resource expenditure, and capital expenditure requirements for the next twelve months. We expect to continue our investing activities, including short-term and long-term investments, purchases of computer systems for research and development, and strategic acquisitions that complement our business. We also regularly assess the likelihood of outcomes resulting from tax examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes and have reserved for potential adjustments that may result from these examinations. Our operational management is designed to ensure that we can effectively respond to environmental disruptions and transform ourselves to emerge stronger from challenging situations. We believe that our strategic initiatives, including our focus on customer needs and resource allocation, will enhance our organizational resilience and enable us to adapt to unexpected situations while maintaining operational flexibility and performance under pressure.