ADP helps clients navigate a highly dynamic world of work in order to give them peace-of-mind and reduce the time and effort they allocate to non-core tasks, allowing clients to better focus on running their businesses. Our commitment to innovation is continuous amid challenging business and operating environments, whether it be a global recession or bull market, an international conflict, or global pandemic. We believe businesses, our clients, serve as a force for progress, and we remain committed to rethinking a better, more personalized world at work to help our clients and their workers achieve their full potential. This commitment underpins our drive to innovate across our portfolio in order to deliver sustainable, profitable growth. We continue to advance all of our key platforms, with workforce now being especially critical to our differentiation and growth. We anticipate our clients' evolving needs and always design for people as the world of work changes. Our financial condition remains solid, and we remain well positioned to support our associates and our clients. We generate sufficient free cash flow to satisfy our cash dividend and modest debt obligations, which enables us to absorb the impact of downturns and remain steadfast in our re-investments, long-term strategy, and commitments to shareholder-friendly actions. We have reshaped HCM time and again by continuously innovating across our technology platforms and service solutions. Our business model generates significant cash flows with low capital intensity, allowing us to maintain operational flexibility and resource allocation in response to external pressures. We have made significant progress on the roll-out of a new unified user experience across our strategic products and solutions, generating positive feedback from this transition to more intuitive HCM workflows. We are committed to building upon our past successes by investing in our business through enhancements in research and development and by driving meaningful transformation in the way we operate. Our culture of continuous improvement highlights our focus on being a true partner to our clients as the world of work continues to change. We utilize historical loss experience and actuarial judgment to determine the estimated claim liability, and changes in estimated ultimate incurred losses are included in the PEO segment. We believe the likelihood of ultimate losses exceeding this limit is remote, and we have secured a workers' compensation and employer's liability insurance policy that caps the exposure for each claim at $1 million per occurrence. Our investment strategy is structured to allow us to average our way through an interest rate cycle by laddering the maturities of our investments and employing short-term financing arrangements to satisfy our short-term funding requirements related to client funds obligations. We have consistently maintained the required level of client funds assets to satisfy all of our obligations, minimizing the risk of not having funds collected from a client available at the time such client's obligation becomes due. Our investments are made with the safety of principal, liquidity, and diversification as the primary goals to minimize the risk of not having sufficient funds to satisfy all of our client funds obligations. We believe we have significantly reduced the risk of not having sufficient funds to satisfy our client funds obligations by consistently maintaining access to other sources of liquidity, including our corporate cash balances and available borrowings under our commercial paper program.