As the COVID-19 pandemic emerged in 2020, Applied Materials responded quickly to put in place precautionary measures to keep its workplaces healthy and safe, while ensuring compliance with orders and restrictions imposed by government authorities. Applied's top priority remains protecting the health and safety of its employees and their families, customers, suppliers, and community. Applied continues to support workplace flexibility and will work to respond appropriately to the impact of COVID-19 on its business, its customers' and suppliers' businesses, and its communities. In response to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and evolving conditions and worldwide response, Applied made adjustments to its global operations and is actively managing its responses in collaboration with its employees, customers, and suppliers. However, the situation remains fluid and uncertain. Applied's strategic priorities include developing products that help solve customers' challenges at technology inflections; expanding its served market opportunities in the semiconductor and display industries; and growing its services business. Applied's significant investments in research, development, and engineering must generally enable it to deliver new products and technologies before the emergence of strong demand, thus allowing customers to incorporate these products into their manufacturing plans during early-stage technology selection. Applied works closely with its global customers to design systems and processes that meet their planned technical and production requirements. The growth of data and emerging end-market drivers such as artificial intelligence, the Internet of Things, 5G networks, smart vehicles, and augmented and virtual reality are also creating the next wave of growth for the industry. In light of these conditions, Applied's results can vary significantly year-over-year, as well as quarter-over-quarter. Applied's ability to absorb strain and preserve or improve functioning despite the presence of adversity is reflected in its operational flexibility and adaptability to changing market conditions. The company has maintained and intends to continue its commitment to investing in research, development, and engineering in order to offer new products and technologies that meet the current and projected requirements of its customers' most advanced designs. Applied's investments in technology to allow access to new market opportunities or emerging technologies demonstrate its proactive measures in response to environmental disruptions. The company’s ability to manage supply chain constraints and increase shipments to customers remains a top priority, highlighting its resilience strategies in navigating complex situations. Applied's operational continuity is supported by its significant investments in R&D, which are critical for maintaining a competitive advantage in the equipment and service products it provides. The company's focus on strategic initiatives, including the development of new materials engineering capabilities, reflects its commitment to organizational resilience and future planning. Applied's ongoing investments in product development initiatives are consistent with the company's growth strategy, emphasizing its organizational capabilities and adaptability in a turbulent market environment.