Amgen's approach to and investment in human capital resource management is directed at attracting, motivating, developing, and retaining talent to tackle the challenges of running an enterprise focused on the discovery, development, and commercialization of innovative medicines. We believe that a diverse and inclusive culture fosters innovation, which supports our ability to serve patients. We have been closely monitoring the pandemic's effects on our global operations and continue to take appropriate steps to minimize risks to our employees, a significant number of whom have continued to work virtually. Our remote working arrangements have not significantly affected our ability to maintain critical business operations, and we have not experienced disruptions to or shortages of our supply of medicines. We accomplished our objectives while maintaining a strategic and disciplined approach to capital allocation and advancing our ESG efforts. Rising healthcare costs, uncertain macroeconomic conditions, including higher inflation and rising interest rates, and geopolitical conflicts continue to pose challenges to our business. We expect to see continued volatility for at least the duration of the pandemic as governments respond to current local conditions. We remain focused on supporting our active clinical sites in their providing care for patients and in our providing investigational drug supply. Our long-term success depends, to a great extent, on our ability to continue to discover, develop, and commercialize innovative products and acquire or collaborate on therapies currently in development by other companies. We must develop new products to achieve revenue growth and to offset revenue losses from when products lose their exclusivity or when competing products are launched. We devote considerable resources to R&D activities, but successful product development in the biotechnology industry is highly uncertain. We also face increasing regulatory scrutiny of safety and efficacy both before and after products launch. Our strategy includes integrated activities intended to strengthen our competitive position in the industry. We operate in six commercial areas and conduct discovery research primarily in three therapeutic areas. Our innovative pipeline has advanced, and we have continued providing uninterrupted supplies of our medicines globally through the third year of the COVID-19 pandemic. We anticipate that our liquidity needs can be met through a variety of sources, including cash provided by operating activities, sales of marketable securities, borrowings through commercial paper and/or syndicated credit facilities, and access to other domestic and foreign debt markets and equity markets. We are committed to achieving carbon neutrality, reducing water consumption, and reducing waste disposed by 75% by 2027. Our financial condition reflects our ability to manage operational resources effectively, with cash flows from operating activities supporting investment in our business while returning capital to shareholders through dividends and stock repurchases. The dynamics of the pandemic were most significant on our product sales in the early months of the pandemic, with demand beginning to show some recovery in late 2020. However, the cumulative decrease in diagnoses over the course of the pandemic has suppressed the volume of new patients starting treatment, which continues to impact our business. We are continuously monitoring COVID-19 infection rates and working to mitigate effects on future study enrollment in our clinical trials. We believe our existing funds, cash generated from operations, and existing sources of and access to financing are adequate to satisfy our needs for working capital, capital expenditure, and debt service requirements.