Through our subsidiaries, we engage in numerous diverse business activities. We manage our operating businesses on an unusually decentralized basis. There are few centralized or integrated business functions. Our senior corporate management team participates in and is ultimately responsible for significant capital allocation decisions, investment activities, and the selection of the chief executive to head each of the operating businesses. The COVID-19 pandemic affected our operating businesses in varying ways and degrees, particularly in 2020 and 2021. Significant disruptions of supply chains and higher costs emerged in 2021 and persisted in 2022. We cannot reliably predict future economic effects of these events on our businesses. We experienced the negative effects of higher materials, freight, labor, and other input costs through much of 2022. Many of our businesses generated significantly higher earnings in 2021 compared to 2020, attributable to relatively strong customer demand for products and higher selling prices, partially offset by higher materials, freight, and other input costs attributable to ongoing disruptions in global supply chains. We believe that maintaining ample liquidity is paramount and we insist on safety over yield with respect to short-term investments. Our insurance and reinsurance businesses are subject to significant volatility in underwriting results, particularly with respect to our reinsurance businesses. The timing and magnitude of catastrophe losses can produce significant volatility in our periodic underwriting results. We currently consider pre-tax incurred losses exceeding $150 million from a current year catastrophic event to be significant. We strive to produce pre-tax underwriting earnings over the long term in all business categories. Changes in estimates for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses can significantly affect our periodic underwriting results. Our periodic underwriting results may also include significant foreign currency transaction gains and losses arising from changes in the valuation of non-U.S. dollar denominated liabilities of our U.S.-based insurance subsidiaries due to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. We provide primary insurance and reinsurance products covering property and casualty risks, as well as life and health risks. Our insurance and reinsurance businesses are geico, berkshire hathaway primary group, and berkshire hathaway reinsurance group. We evaluate performance of underwriting operations without any allocation of investment income or investment gains and losses. We consider investment income as an integral component of our aggregate insurance operating results. We believe that investment gains and losses are not meaningful in understanding the periodic operating results of our insurance businesses. We currently expect geico to generate an underwriting profit in 2023. We have successfully obtained premium rate increase approvals from certain states in response to the significant claims costs increases it has experienced in recent years. Our management views our insurance businesses as possessing two distinct activities—underwriting and investing. The earnings increase reflected overall higher freight volumes, higher average revenue per car/unit, and improved productivity, partly offset by higher average fuel prices and volume-related costs. We anticipate that these payments will be funded by operating cash flows. We currently forecast claim payments in 2023 of approximately $35 billion with respect to claims occurring prior to 2023. We expect the claim-tails to be very long. We establish liability estimates by individual contract, considering exposure and development trends. We monitor subsequent loss payment activity and review ceding company reports and other available information concerning the underlying losses. We have established reinsurance claim liabilities on a contract-by-contract basis, determined from case loss estimates reported by the ceding company and incurred but not reported liabilities that are primarily a function of an anticipated loss ratio for the contract.