In fiscal 2022, we delivered growth in total revenue and strong profitability in a challenging environment impacted by significant supply constraints, rising component and related costs, and the Russia and Ukraine war. We remain focused on delivering innovation across our technologies to assist our customers in executing on their digital transformations. We have taken multiple steps to mitigate the component shortages and deliver products to our customers, including partnering with key suppliers, utilizing our volume purchasing ability, and extending supply coverage. We believe these actions are helping us to optimize our access to critical components and meet customer demand for our products. The ongoing effect of the Russia and Ukraine war is difficult to predict due to uncertainties. We continue to manage through significant supply constraints seen industry-wide due to component shortages caused, in part, by the COVID-19 pandemic, which has increased costs and extended lead times. We have increased our inventory balances, inventory purchase commitments, and inventory deposits and prepayments to address these constraints, which also increases the risk of future material excess and obsolete inventory if customer demand were to suddenly decrease. Our strategy is to help our customers connect, secure, and automate to accelerate their digital agility in a cloud-first world. We continue to aggressively invest in priority areas with the objective of driving profitable growth over the long term. We assess the risk to the recoverability of our assets and other potential financial exposures in the countries affected by the war, and we have reserved for the non-recoverability of substantially all of our assets in Russia and Belarus. The preparation of financial statements requires us to make judgments, assumptions, and estimates that affect the amounts reported, and actual results could differ materially from these estimates. We regularly evaluate our exposure for inventory write-downs and the adequacy of our liability for purchase commitments. Our ongoing consideration of various factors could result in impairment charges in the future, which could adversely affect our net income. We believe that our strong cash and cash equivalents position allows us to use our resources for strategic investments to gain access to new technologies and for customer financing activities. We expect increased payments related to inventory and other supply-related payments through at least the next 12 months. Our liquidity and capital resources may be impacted by increased disruption and volatility in capital markets and credit markets due to the COVID-19 pandemic and geopolitical events. We believe our cash generated from operations and ability to access capital markets will satisfy our liquidity requirements, including working capital needs and contractual obligations. We continue to operate in a challenging macroeconomic and highly competitive environment, and while the overall environment remains uncertain, we remain committed to driving a trusted customer experience through our innovation, choice, and people. We have made continued progress on our strategic priorities, and we believe that we are taking the right strategic and operational actions to address the supply situation while recognizing the increased risks associated with these actions.