We face continuing changes in regulatory conditions, laws, and public policies, which could affect our business practices and financial results. As these global trends continue, our cost of doing business may increase, our ability to pursue certain business models or offer certain products or services may be limited, and we may need to change our business practices. Our employees are critical to our success and we expect to continue investing in them. We continue to make significant research and development investments in areas of strategic focus as we seek to develop new, innovative offerings and improve our existing offerings across our businesses. We also expect to continue to invest in our technical infrastructure, including servers, network equipment, and data centers, to support the growth of our business and our long-term initiatives. The shift to online, as well as the advent of the multi-device world, has brought opportunities outside of the U.S., including in emerging markets, such as India. We continue to invest heavily and develop localized versions of our products and advertising programs relevant to our users in these markets. This has led to a trend of increased Alphabet Inc. revenues from emerging markets. We expect that our results will continue to be affected by our performance in these markets, particularly as low-cost mobile devices become more available. We expect to continue hiring talented employees around the globe and to provide competitive compensation programs. We will invest heavily in operating and capital expenditures. We expect existing cash, cash equivalents, short-term marketable securities, cash flows from operations, and financing activities to continue to be sufficient to fund our operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. We regularly evaluate our cash and capital structure, including the size, pace, and form of capital return to stockholders. The ongoing effect of these direct actions on our financial results was not material. The broader economic effects resulting from the war in Ukraine on our future financial results may be unpredictable. We expect tac paid to our distribution partners and Google network partners to increase as our revenues grow and tac as a percentage of our advertising revenues to be affected by changes in device mix, geographic mix, partner mix, partner agreement terms, the percentage of queries channeled through paid access points, product mix, the relative revenue growth rates of advertising revenues from different channels, and revenue share terms. We expect these trends to continue to affect our revenues and put pressure on our margins. The revenues that we derive from non-advertising products and services are increasing and may adversely affect our margins. Non-advertising revenues have grown over time, and we expect this trend to continue as we focus on expanding our products and services. We also may develop new products incorporating AI innovations that could affect our monetization trends. As interactions between users and advertisers change, and as online user behavior evolves, we continue to expand our product offerings to serve these changing needs, which may affect our monetization. We continue to expand our product offerings, which may affect our monetization. We continue to make significant research and development investments in areas of strategic focus as we seek to develop new, innovative offerings and improve our existing offerings across our businesses. We expect to continue to invest in our technical infrastructure, including servers, network equipment, and data centers, to support the growth of our business and our long-term initiatives.