Open surgery remains the predominant form of surgery and is used in almost every area of the body. However, the large incisions required for open surgery create trauma to patients, typically resulting in longer hospitalization and recovery times, increased hospitalization costs, and additional pain and suffering relative to minimally invasive surgery, where minimally invasive surgery (MIS) is available. For over three decades, MIS has reduced trauma to patients by allowing selected surgeries to be performed through small ports rather than large incisions. The da Vinci surgical systems enable surgeons to extend the benefits of MIS to many patients who would otherwise undergo a more invasive surgery by using computational, robotic, and imaging technologies to overcome many of the limitations of traditional open surgery or conventional MIS. Our technology is designed to provide surgeons with a range of articulation of the surgical instruments used in the surgical field analogous to the motions of a human wrist, while filtering out the tremor inherent in a surgeon's hand. We take a holistic approach, offering intelligent technology and systems designed to work together to make MIS intervention more available and applicable. We are engaged in activities to seek to mitigate supply disruptions, but the global supply chain shortages will remain a challenge for the foreseeable future. Such global shortages in important components as well as certain logistics challenges have resulted in, and will continue to cause, inflationary cost pressure in our supply chain. We are also highly dependent on the principal members of our management and scientific staff. The loss of critical members of our team, or our inability to attract and retain qualified personnel, could significantly harm our operations, business, and ability to compete. The current macroeconomic environment is impacting our customers financially and operationally as well. Hospitals are experiencing staffing shortages and supply chain issues that could affect their ability to provide patient care. Additionally, hospitals are facing significant financial pressure as supply chain constraints and inflation drive up operating costs, rising interest rates make access to credit more expensive, unrealized losses decrease available cash reserves, and fiscal stimulus programs enacted during the COVID-19 pandemic wind down. As a consequence of the financial pressures and decreased profitability, some hospitals have indicated that they are lowering their capital investment plans and tightening their operational budgets. We believe that these factors have contributed to a softening in our U.S. capital pipeline, and we expect that demand for capital, particularly in the U.S., will continue to be impacted while macroeconomic conditions remain challenging. Our priorities and actions during the COVID-19 pandemic have been focused on the health and safety of all those we serve, supporting our customers according to their priorities, and ensuring continuity of supply by working with our suppliers and distributors. We have built a valuable team over the years, and we believe they will be important in a recovery that follows the pandemic. We continue to invest in our priority development programs while eliminating avoidable spend. The success of new product introductions depends on a number of factors including pricing, competition, market and consumer acceptance, and the effective forecasting and management of product demand. We expect that demand for capital will be impacted while macroeconomic conditions remain challenging. The depth and extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will impact individual markets will vary based on the availability of vaccinations, personal protective equipment, intensive care units and operating rooms, and medical staff, as well as government interventions.