Management continuously evaluates our liquidity and capital resources, including our access to external capital, to ensure we can adequately and efficiently finance our capital requirements. We have undertaken compensatory actions to improve retention and address wage inflation, which will increase compensation costs and impact our consolidated results of operations. As part of our response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we invested in large-scale manufacturing of COVID-19 antibodies at risk, in order to ensure rapid access to patients around the world. The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely impacted and may continue to adversely impact our business and operations across markets to varying and fluctuating degrees, including as a result of cost inflation and strain on the global transportation, manufacturing, and labor markets. We expect additional internal and contracted manufacturing capacity will become fully operational around the world in the next several years, with significant expansion in 2023, as part of our ongoing efforts to meet the significant demand for our incretin medicines. We manage research and development spending across our portfolio of potential new medicines. A delay in, or termination of, any one project will not necessarily cause a significant change in our total research and development spending. Our long-term success depends on our ability to continually discover or acquire, develop, and commercialize innovative new medicines. We recognize that there are many difficulties and uncertainties inherent in pharmaceutical research and development and the introduction of new products, as well as a high rate of failure inherent in new drug discovery and development. Delays, uncertainties, unpredictabilities, and inconsistencies in drug approval processes across markets and agencies can result in delays in product launches and lost market opportunity. We view our business development activity as a way to enhance our pipeline and strengthen our business. We expect that these actions may intensify and could particularly affect certain products, such as insulin, as governments manage and emerge from the COVID-19 pandemic. We have faced challenges, and expect to continue to face challenges, meeting strong demand for our incretin products, including due to the limited and fluctuating availability of competitor therapies. We anticipate tight supplies of our incretin products will persist until additional manufacturing capacity is operationalized. We believe our available cash and cash equivalents, together with our ability to generate operating cash flow and our access to short-term and long-term borrowings, are sufficient to fund our existing and planned capital requirements, which include working capital requirements, capital expenditures, and potential business development activities. The implications to us of a competitor's product being selected for price setting are also uncertain. Our effective tax rate reflects the favorable tax impact of the implementation of a provision in the 2017 tax act that requires capitalization and amortization of research and development expenses for tax purposes starting in 2022. We recognize that the nature of the pharmaceutical business is high-risk and requires that we invest in a large number of projects to maintain a successful portfolio of approved products. We have recognized asset impairment, restructuring, and other special charges primarily related to changes in estimated launch timing. We are engaged in litigation and investigations related to our 340B program and access to insulin that, if resolved adversely to us, could negatively impact our business and consolidated results of operations. The degree to which the COVID-19 pandemic could continue to affect us will depend on developments that are highly uncertain and beyond our knowledge or control. We expect that lower revenue for Humalog due to realized price decline will continue over time.