Microsoft is a technology company whose mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. Our platforms and tools help drive small business productivity, large business competitiveness, and public-sector efficiency. We must continue to evolve and adapt over an extended time in pace with this changing environment. The investments we are making in infrastructure and devices will continue to increase our operating costs and may decrease our operating margins. Our success is highly dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified employees. Aggregate demand for our software, services, and devices is correlated to global macroeconomic and geopolitical factors, which remain dynamic. Extended disruptions at suppliers and/or manufacturers could lead to a similar disruption in our ability to manufacture devices on time to meet consumer demand. Our international operations provide a significant portion of our total revenue and expenses. Many of these revenue and expenses are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. As a result, changes in foreign exchange rates may significantly affect revenue and expenses. We push the boundaries of what is possible through a broad range of research and development activities that seek to identify and address the changing demands of customers and users, industry trends, and competitive forces. Our commercial metrics allow management and investors to assess the overall health of our commercial business and include leading indicators of future performance. The metrics reflect our cloud and on-premises product strategies and trends. We have made significant investments in cloud engineering, gaming, and LinkedIn, which are essential for maintaining operational flexibility and adapting to market demands. Our operating expenses increased driven by investments in these areas. The financial results of Nuance Communications, a cloud and artificial intelligence software provider with healthcare and enterprise AI experience, have been included in our consolidated financial statements since the date of acquisition. The acquisition will build on our industry-specific cloud offerings. Our research and development expenses include payroll, employee benefits, stock-based compensation expense, and other headcount-related expenses associated with product development. We regularly review inventory quantities on hand, future purchase commitments with our suppliers, and the estimated utility of our inventory. These reviews include analysis of demand forecasts, product life cycle status, product development plans, current sales levels, pricing strategy, and component cost trends. We have historically paid India withholding taxes on software sales through distributor withholding and tax audit assessments in India. Our effective tax rate was lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate, primarily due to the net income tax benefit related to the transfer of intangible properties. We expect existing cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, cash flows from operations, and access to capital markets to continue to be sufficient to fund our operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. We will continue to invest in sales, marketing, product support infrastructure, and existing and advanced areas of technology, as well as continue making acquisitions that align with our business strategy. We expect capital expenditures to increase in coming years to support growth in our cloud offerings. We have not engaged in any related party transactions or arrangements with unconsolidated entities or other persons that are reasonably likely to materially affect liquidity or the availability of capital resources. Our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with GAAP. Preparing consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value and goodwill impairment for each reporting unit.