In 2022, our operating results were robust, and we ended the year in a solid financial position despite challenging headwinds from the capital markets, ongoing inflation, steeply rising interest rates, and the war and energy crisis in Europe that are all pressuring the global economy. We believe we are well-positioned to organically grow revenues given the increase in market rents over the last several years and our high lease mark-to-market. However, we will be cautious as we manage our business in this uncertain environment. We expect some decline in asset valuations in 2023 and therefore will continue to be disciplined as we evaluate capital deployment activities, including a focus on build-to-suit developments and a pause on contributions into our open-ended funds in the near term. Our total available liquidity of $4.1 billion, with aggregate availability under our credit facilities of $3.9 billion and unrestricted cash balances of $278 million, positions us to confront potential disruptions. We consider our ability to generate cash from operating activities, distributions from our co-investment ventures, contributions and dispositions of properties, and available financing sources to be adequate to meet our anticipated future development, acquisition, operating, debt service, dividend, and distribution requirements. Given the uncertain macro environment and the impact on real estate valuations, we expect to be cautious as we evaluate capital deployment activities. Our investment in the development portfolio was $4.2 billion at December 31, 2022, leaving $3.3 billion remaining to be spent, indicating our commitment to resource allocation and operational flexibility. We have processes to monitor our intent with regard to our investments and the estimated disposition value in comparison to the current carrying value. The overall strengthening of the U.S. dollar against foreign currencies in 2022 allowed us to realize net gains that offset the negative impact of the translation of our earnings to U.S. dollars. Our strategic capital segment includes revenues from asset management and property management services performed, which are influenced by changes in the size of the portfolios through acquisitions and dispositions. We allocate the costs of our property management and leasing functions to the strategic capital segment through strategic capital expenses and to the real estate segment through rental expenses based on the square footage of the relative portfolios. We evaluate our business operations based on the NOI of our two operating segments: real estate and strategic capital, which helps management and investors understand our operating results. The resilience of our operating portfolio is reflected in our occupancy rates, which were 98.2% at December 31, 2022, and our ability to retain approximately 70% or more of our customers based on the total square feet of leases commenced. Our capital expenditures continue to increase year over year as we grow the consolidated operating portfolio through development and acquisitions, indicating an ongoing commitment to operational continuity and adaptability. We also recognize the importance of maintaining sufficient liquidity and refinancing maturing debt, as our role as manager or sponsor involves working with co-investment ventures to ensure their financial health and operational resilience.