Since the onset of the war in Ukraine, our main priority has been the safety and security of our more than 1,300 employees and their families in the country. PMI has helped to evacuate more than 1,000 people from Ukraine and relocate over 2,700 others from conflict zones to locations in the country away from the heaviest fighting; provided critical aid to employees who cannot leave or who decide to remain in Ukraine; and provided those who have left the country with a range of support in neighboring countries. We are continuing to pay salaries to all our Ukrainian employees and are also providing substantial in-kind support to them and their families. In addition, we have contributed approximately $10 million in funds and donated essential items across the country. In order to preserve the safety of our employees, we announced the temporary suspension of our commercial and manufacturing operations in Ukraine, including at our factory in Kharkiv. We subsequently resumed some retail activities where safety allowed, in order to provide product availability and service to adult consumers, and began to supply the market from production centers outside Ukraine, as well as through a contract manufacturing arrangement. We are continuously assessing the evolving situation in Russia, including recent regulatory constraints in the market that entail very complex terms and conditions that must be met for any divestment transaction to be granted approval by the authorities. We will continue to support our employees there, including paying their salaries, while continuing to fulfill our legal obligations. The developments above have and will continue to have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial position, and may result in impairment charges. To further support the growth of our smoke-free business, reinforce consumer centricity, and increase the speed of innovation and deployment, we rearranged our operations in four geographical segments, down from six. The swedish match acquisition is a key milestone in PMI's transformation to becoming a smoke-free company. By joining forces with Swedish Match, we expect to accelerate the achievement of our joint smoke-free ambitions, switching more adults who would otherwise continue to smoke to better alternatives faster than either company could achieve separately. We have laid the foundation for our long-term growth ambitions beyond nicotine in wellness and healthcare, including the milestone acquisitions of Vectura Group plc and Fertin Pharma A/S, which provide essential capabilities for future product development. Our cigarettes are sold in approximately 175 markets, and in many of these markets they hold the number one or number two market share position. Our portfolio comprises both international and local brands. We have a range of reduced-risk products in various stages of development, scientific assessment, and commercialization. Our operational results are affected by various factors, including the volume of products we sell, the price of our products, changes in currency exchange rates, and the mix of products we sell. We recorded pre-tax charges related to the war in Ukraine, including humanitarian efforts, which reflect our commitment to organizational resilience in the face of adversity. These actions demonstrate our ability to adapt and maintain operational continuity under challenging conditions, ensuring that we meet customer needs while navigating external pressures and uncertainties.