In addition to historical information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Our business and operating segments are organized on the basis of products and services and have three reportable segments. We derive revenues principally from sales of integrated circuit products and licensing our intellectual property. Our revenues have historically fluctuated based on consumer demand for devices, as well as on the timing of customer/licensee device launches and/or innovation cycles. This has resulted in fluctuations in revenues in advance of and during device launches incorporating our products. We expect continued weakness in the macroeconomic environment, which will negatively impact consumer demand for smartphones and other devices that incorporate our products and technologies. We believe it is important that we remain a leader in 5G technology development, standardization, intellectual property creation, and licensing to sustain and grow our business long term. We continue to devote resources to working with and educating participants in the wireless industry and governments as to the benefits of our licensing programs and our extensive technology investments in promoting a highly competitive and innovative wireless industry. However, we expect that certain companies may be dissatisfied with the need to pay reasonable royalties for the use of our technologies and may continue to challenge our business model. The degree to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts our business, financial condition, and results of operations will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain. We continually assess the likelihood and amount of potential adjustments related to our income tax provision, income taxes payable, and deferred taxes in the period in which the facts giving rise to a revision become known. We believe our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, along with our expected cash flow generated from operations, will satisfy our working and other capital requirements for at least the next 12 months based on our current business plans. We expect a significant decrease in advance payments made under our multi-year capacity commitments as compared to fiscal 2022. We monitor our investments for events or circumstances that could indicate impairment, including those that result from observable price adjustments. We assess the business impacts that COVID-19 had on our investees, including evaluating the investees' ability to respond to the impacts of COVID-19. We believe these estimates are reasonable, but any significant changes in customer demand that are less favorable than our previous estimates may require additional inventory write-downs. We face difficulties in evaluating or estimating likely outcomes or the amount of possible loss in certain legal and regulatory proceedings. We expect to continue making strategic investments and acquisitions, the amounts of which could vary significantly. We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions and are currently under examination by various tax authorities worldwide. We expect commercial 5G network deployments and device launches to continue. Current U.S./China trade relations may negatively impact our business and growth prospects. We have an unsecured commercial paper program, which provides for the issuance of up to $4.5 billion of commercial paper. We expect to issue new debt in the future, depending on various factors, including maturities of our existing debt and strategic investments.