Starbucks results for fiscal 2022 demonstrate the resiliency and strength of our brand. Despite COVID-19 induced business interruptions, especially in our China market, we have seen the strength and resilience of our brand as well as strong customer demand across our portfolio. We believe the investments in partner wages and training will increase retention and productivity while the acceleration of purpose-built store concepts and innovations in technologies will provide additional convenience and connection with our customers. We announced our reinvention plan in the U.S. market to increase efficiency while elevating the partner and customer experience. We expect inflationary pressures on commodities and supply chain to continue to a lesser extent in fiscal 2023, relative to the impact on our business and financial metrics, including operating margin, as compared to fiscal 2022. We anticipate that these should be offset by benefits from pricing decisions as well as from increased sales leverage and higher productivity driven by our reinvention plan. Our financial results and long-term growth model will continue to be driven by new store openings, comparable store sales, and margin management. The growth in company-operated store revenue was driven by an 8% increase in comparable store sales attributed to a 5% increase in average ticket and a 2% increase in comparable transactions. Additionally, we have the option, subject to negotiation and agreement with the related banks, to increase the maximum commitment amount by an additional $1.0 billion. Our ability to incur new liens and conduct sale and leaseback transactions on certain material properties is subject to compliance with terms of the indentures under which the long-term notes were issued. We believe that net future cash flows generated from operations and existing cash and investments both domestically and internationally, combined with our ability to leverage our balance sheet through the issuance of debt, will be sufficient to finance capital requirements for our core businesses as well as shareholder distributions for at least the next 12 months. We are currently not aware of any trends or demands, commitments, events, or uncertainties that will result in, or that are reasonably likely to result in, our liquidity increasing or decreasing in any material way that will impact our capital needs during or beyond the next 12 months. We regularly review our cash positions and our determination of partial indefinite reinvestment of foreign earnings. We continue to believe the fair value of each of our reporting units is significantly in excess of its carrying value, and absent a sustained multi-year global decline in our business in key markets such as the U.S. and China, we do not anticipate incurring significant goodwill impairment in the next 12 months. Our fiscal 2022 annual goodwill impairment testing resulted in an estimated fair value of our reporting units where a quantitative assessment was performed, was in excess of carrying value. The combination of these changes resulted in an overall decrease in operating margin of 250 basis points in fiscal 2022 when compared to fiscal 2021. We have the ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform ourselves to emerge stronger from challenging situations.