Since 2020, the life sciences solutions and specialty diagnostics segments, as well as the laboratory products business, have supported COVID-19 diagnostic testing, scaling and evolving their molecular diagnostics solutions and plastic consumables businesses to respond to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. The biosciences and bioproduction businesses have expanded their capacity to meet the needs of pharma and biotech customers as they have expanded their own production volumes to meet global vaccine manufacturing requirements. The company continues to execute its proven growth strategy, which consists of developing high-impact, innovative new products, leveraging its scale in high-growth and emerging markets, and delivering a unique value proposition to its customers. The company's references to strategic growth investments generally refer to targeted spending for enhancing commercial capabilities, including expansion of geographic sales reach and e-commerce platforms, marketing initiatives, expanded service and operational infrastructure, research and development projects, and other expenditures to enhance the customer experience. The company believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents and its future cash flow from operations, together with available borrowing capacity under its revolving credit agreement, will be sufficient to meet the cash requirements of its existing businesses for the foreseeable future, including at least the next 24 months. The company has operations and a taxable presence in approximately 70 countries outside the U.S. and uses its non-U.S. cash for needs outside of the U.S., including acquisitions, capacity expansion, and repayment of third-party foreign debt by foreign subsidiaries. The company expects that for all of 2023, expenditures for property, plant, and equipment, net of disposals, will be approximately $2.0 billion. The increase in organic revenues in 2022 was primarily due to higher sales across each of the segment's businesses, with particular strength in the pharma services business and research and safety market channel. The increase in segment income margin was primarily due to the benefit of recent acquisitions, profit on higher sales, and productivity improvements, offset in part by strategic growth investments. The company has a revolving credit facility that provides up to $5.00 billion of unsecured multi-currency revolving credit and intends to leave undrawn an amount equivalent to outstanding commercial paper to provide a source of funds in the event that commercial paper markets are not available. The company is contingently liable with respect to certain legal proceedings and related matters, and an unfavorable outcome could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial position as well as its results of operations and cash flows. The company believes that the costs related to restructuring activities and large-scale abandonment of product lines are not indicative of its normal operating costs. The company assesses income tax positions and records tax benefits for all years subject to examination based upon management's evaluation of the facts, circumstances, and information available at the reporting date. The company evaluates goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually and when events occur or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of an asset below its carrying amount. The determination of the fair value of acquisition-related intangible assets requires the use of significant judgment regarding the fair value and whether such intangibles are amortizable or non-amortizable. The company recorded impairments of $0.12 billion in 2021. The company's ability to obtain a benefit from lower tax rates outside the U.S. is dependent on its relative levels of income in countries outside the U.S. and on the statutory tax rates in those countries.