The merger has altered the size and scope of our operations, impacting our assets, liabilities, obligations, capital requirements, and performance measures. As a combined company, we have been able to enhance the breadth and depth of our nationwide 5G network, accelerate innovation, increase competition in the U.S. wireless and broadband industries, and achieve significant synergies and cost reductions by eliminating redundancies within the combined network as well as other business processes and operations. We are evaluating additional restructuring initiatives which are dependent on consultations and negotiation with certain counterparties and the expected impact on our business operations, which could affect the amount or timing of the restructuring costs and related payments. To achieve merger synergies in network costs, we continue to perform rationalization activities to identify duplicative networks, backhaul services, and other agreements, in addition to decommissioning certain small cell sites and distributed antenna systems. We expect to realize merger synergies by eliminating redundancies within our combined network as well as other business processes and operations. We expect our principal sources of funding to be sufficient to meet our liquidity requirements and anticipated payments associated with the restructuring initiatives. In connection with the proposed class action settlement and the separate settlements reached with a number of consumers, we recorded a total pre-tax charge of approximately $400 million during the three months ended June 30, 2022. We intend to allocate substantial additional resources towards cybersecurity initiatives over the next several years. We plan to continue to make substantial investments to strengthen our cybersecurity program in future periods. We expect service revenues to continue to grow, primarily due to continued postpaid account and customer growth as well as postpaid average revenue per account growth driven by the execution of our strategy to continuously deepen our account relationships, including growth in high-speed internet. We expect total operating expenses to decrease, primarily due to continued synergy realization benefiting cost of services and selling, general and administrative expense as well as a significant decrease in merger-related costs. We continue to monitor the impact of macroeconomic trends on our business, including potential economic recession and changes in the Federal Reserve's monetary policy, as well as geopolitical risks. We have incurred, and will incur, substantial expenses to comply with government commitments, and we are also expected to incur substantial restructuring expenses in connection with integrating and coordinating T-Mobile's and Sprint's businesses, operations, policies, and procedures. Factors beyond our control, including required consultation and negotiation with certain counterparties, could affect the total amount or the timing of these expenses. We regularly review and update projections for changes in current and projected financial and operating results, general economic conditions, the competitive landscape, and other factors. We have commenced a substantial multi-year investment working with leading external cybersecurity experts to enhance our cybersecurity capabilities and transform our approach to cybersecurity. We expect to incur additional expenses in future periods, including costs to remediate the attack, resolve inquiries by various government authorities, provide additional customer support, and enhance customer protection. We continue to investigate the incident and have notified individuals whose information was impacted consistent with state and federal requirements.