Our mission is to accelerate the world's transition to sustainable energy. We design, develop, manufacture, lease and sell high-performance fully electric vehicles, solar energy generation systems and energy storage products. We are currently focused on increasing vehicle production, capacity and delivery capabilities, improving and developing battery technologies, and increasing the affordability and efficiency of our vehicles. We continue to ramp production, build new manufacturing capacity and expand our operations to enable increased deliveries and deployments of our products and further revenue growth. However, these plans are subject to uncertainties inherent in establishing and ramping manufacturing operations, which may be exacerbated by the new product and manufacturing technologies we are introducing, the number of concurrent international projects, any industry-wide component constraints, labor shortages and any future impact from events outside of our control such as the COVID-19 pandemic. Our cost reduction efforts, cost innovation strategies, and additional localized procurement and manufacturing are key to our vehicles' affordability. We will also continue to generate demand and brand awareness by improving our vehicles' performance and functionality. We operate in a cyclical industry that is sensitive to political and regulatory uncertainty, including with respect to trade and the environment, all of which can be compounded by inflationary pressures, rising energy prices, increases in interest rates and any future global impact from the COVID-19 pandemic. As additional competitors enter the marketplace, we will have to adjust and continue to execute well to maintain our momentum. These macroeconomic and industry trends have had, and will likely continue to have, an impact on the pricing of, and order rate for our vehicles, and we will continue to adjust accordingly to such developments. As our production increases, we must work constantly to similarly increase vehicle delivery capability so that it does not become a bottleneck on our total deliveries. Increasing the exports of vehicles manufactured at Gigafactory Shanghai has also been effective in mitigating the strain on our deliveries in markets outside of the United States. We expect to benefit further from situating additional factories closer to local markets. We remain committed to growing our retrofit solar energy business by offering a low-cost and simplified online ordering experience. We continue to seek to improve our installation capabilities and price efficiencies for solar roof. Our capital expenditures are typically difficult to project beyond the short-term given the number and breadth of our core projects at any given time, and may further be impacted by uncertainties in future global market conditions. We are simultaneously ramping new products, ramping manufacturing facilities on three continents and piloting the development and manufacture of new battery cell technologies. Our business has recently been consistently generating cash flow from operations in excess of our level of capital spend, and with better working capital management resulting in shorter days sales outstanding than days payable outstanding, our sales growth is also facilitating positive cash generation. We continually evaluate our cash needs and may decide it is best to raise additional capital or seek alternative financing sources to fund the rapid growth of our business. We expect our ability to be self-funding to continue as long as macroeconomic factors support current trends in our sales.