The railroad, along with its subsidiaries and rail affiliates, is our one reportable business segment. Throughout 2022, we continued to adapt to the evolving environment due to COVID and other illnesses, refining safety procedures and policies based on CDC guidelines. We will continue to use a comprehensive safety management system approach utilizing technology, hazard identification and risk assessments, employee engagement, training, quality control, and targeted capital investments. We will continually evaluate and adjust deployment of total safety culture, courage to care, commit, and peer-to-peer resources throughout our operations, which allows us to identify and implement best practices for employee and operational safety. Our operating practices command center will continue the implementation of predictive technology to reduce variability by seeking to identify causes of mainline service interruptions and develop solutions. We strive to increase reliability of our service product, reduce variability in network operations, and improve resource availability, including actively hiring additional train, engine, and yard employees. Our capital plan includes investments in growth-related projects to drive more carloads to the network, continuous modernization of our locomotive fleet, and projects intended to improve operational efficiency. We are continually evaluating our financial condition and liquidity, analyzing a wide range of economic scenarios and the impact on our ability to generate cash. These analyses inform our liquidity plans and activities and indicate we have sufficient borrowing capacity to sustain an extended period of lower volumes. We have been, and we expect to continue to be, in compliance with our debt covenants. We will focus on providing our customers consistent and reliable service; efficiently managing operations; seeking new business opportunities; and protecting our employees, customers, and communities. The macroeconomic uncertainty, high inflationary environment, and disruptions in supply chains will continue to impact our shipments. Significant changes in fuel prices could have an impact on consumer discretionary spending, impacting demand for various consumer products we transport. We expect volume to outpace industrial production growth in 2023 due to our business development efforts bringing new customers to our railroad. Our operating ratio of 60.1% deteriorated 2.9 points compared to 2021 driven by operational inefficiencies, inflation, and higher fuel prices. We will continue to harden our infrastructure, replace older assets, and improve the safety and resilience of the network. We are dedicated to maintaining a healthy workplace and continue monitoring COVID case levels, modifying our policies as needed to protect employees and minimize the risk of workplace transmission. Our efforts to utilize data to identify and mitigate exposure to risk and improve operational performance will be ongoing. We will continue to refine our proprietary software to evaluate train and route characteristics to enable proactive intervention by our operating practices command center to prevent derailments. Our capital plan may be revised if business conditions warrant or if new laws or regulations affect our ability to generate sufficient returns on these investments. We will continue to evaluate and adjust our strategies to ensure operational continuity and resilience in the face of external pressures and disruptions.