This section and other parts of this annual report on form 10-K contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. The company believes that focused investments in research and development are critical to its future growth and competitive position in the marketplace and are directly related to timely development of new and enhanced products that are central to the company’s core business strategy. The company’s fiscal year is the 52 or 53-week period that ends on the last Saturday of September. The company’s existing balances of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities will be sufficient to satisfy its working capital needs, capital asset purchases, outstanding commitments, and other liquidity requirements associated with its existing operations over the next 12 months. To provide additional flexibility in managing liquidity, the company began accessing the commercial paper markets. The company’s marketable securities investment portfolio is invested primarily in highly-rated securities, and its investment policy generally limits the amount of credit exposure to any one issuer. The company’s critical accounting policies and estimates are those related to revenue recognition, valuation and impairment of marketable securities, inventory valuation, and valuation of manufacturing-related assets. The industries in which the company competes are subject to a rapid and unpredictable pace of product and component obsolescence and demand changes. The company must order components for its products and build inventory in advance of product shipments and has invested in manufacturing process equipment. The company records a write-down for inventories of components and products that have become obsolete or are in excess of anticipated demand. The company’s assessment on whether a security is other-than-temporarily impaired could change in the future due to new developments or changes in assumptions related to any particular security. The company’s other obligations were comprised mainly of commitments to acquire capital assets, including product tooling and manufacturing process equipment. The company’s other non-current liabilities consist primarily of deferred tax liabilities and gross unrecognized tax benefits. The company generally does not indemnify end-users of its operating system and application software against legal claims. The company is subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business. The company’s ability to manage product quality and warranty costs effectively and to stimulate demand for certain of its products is critical to its operational continuity. The company recognizes tax benefits from uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities. The company’s effective tax rates differ from the statutory federal income tax rate due primarily to certain undistributed foreign earnings. The company’s management believes that adequate provisions have been made for any adjustments that may result from tax examinations. The company’s ability to foresee, confront, and benefit from sudden disruptive change is essential for its survival and growth. The company’s strategic initiatives include expanding its retail segment and increasing headcount and related expenses, which are critical for maintaining operational flexibility and adapting to market demands. The company’s strategic response to competitive pressures includes taking product pricing actions, which could adversely affect gross margins. The company’s ability to adapt to environmental disruptions and maintain its performance under pressure is fundamental to its organizational resilience.