We believe that we have been successful historically in adapting our business to changes, such as through adjustments to our pricing and to our merchandise mix, including increasing the penetration of our private label items. Our philosophy is to provide our members with quality goods and services at the most competitive prices. We do not focus in the short term on maximizing prices that our members can be charged, but instead seek to maintain what we believe is a perception among our members of our "pricing authority" - consistently providing the most competitive values. Our investments in merchandise pricing can, from time to time, include reducing prices on merchandise to drive sales or meet competition and holding prices steady despite cost increases instead of passing the increases on to our members, all negatively impacting near-term gross margin as a percentage of sales. The extent to which we achieve growth in our membership base, increase the penetration of our executive members, and sustain high renewal rates materially influences our profitability. Our financial performance also depends heavily on our ability to control costs. While we believe that we have achieved successes in this area historically, some significant costs are partially outside our control, most particularly health care and utility expenses. Our operating model is generally the same across our U.S., Canada, and other international operating segments. We believe that our cash position and operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our capital requirements for the foreseeable future. Our primary sources of liquidity are cash flows generated from warehouse operations, cash and cash equivalents, and short-term investment balances. We opened 30 new warehouses and one new depot in 2014 and plan to open up to 35 new warehouses in 2015, including the relocation of four warehouses. Our primary requirement for capital is the financing of land, buildings, and equipment for new and remodeled warehouses. To a lesser extent, capital is required for initial warehouse operations, the modernization of our information systems, and working capital. These expenditures are expected to be financed with cash to be provided from operations, existing cash and cash equivalents, and short-term investments. We maintain bank credit facilities for working capital and general corporate purposes. The amount of borrowings available at any time under our bank credit facilities is reduced by the amount of standby and commercial letters of credit then outstanding. We believe that our U.S. current and projected asset position is sufficient to meet our U.S. liquidity requirements and have no current plans to repatriate for use in the U.S. We account for membership fee revenue, net of refunds, on a deferred basis, whereby revenue is recognized ratably over the one-year membership period. We provide for estimated sales returns based on historical trends in merchandise returns, net of the estimated net realizable value of merchandise inventories to be returned and any estimated disposition costs. We evaluate our long-lived assets for impairment on an annual basis, when relocating or closing a facility, or when events or changes in circumstances occur that may indicate the carrying amount of the asset group may not be fully recoverable. We use a combination of insurance and self-insurance mechanisms to provide for potential liabilities for workers' compensation, general liability, property damage, and employee health care benefits. The estimated accruals for these liabilities could be significantly affected if future occurrences and claims differ from these assumptions and historical trends.