We are a leading provider of enterprise cloud computing solutions, with a focus on customer relationship management. Our mission is to help our customers transform themselves into "customer companies" by empowering them to connect with their customers in entirely new ways. We believe the factors that will influence our ability to achieve our objectives include our prospective customers' willingness to migrate to enterprise cloud computing services; the availability, performance and security of our service; our ability to continue to release, and gain customer acceptance of, new and improved features; and our ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses and technologies. We expect to continue to make investments and acquisitions in the future and plan to reinvest a significant portion of our incremental revenue in future periods to grow our business and continue our leadership role in the cloud computing industry. We have incurred significant expenses from equity awards and amortization of purchased intangibles which have resulted in net losses on a U.S. generally accepted accounting principles basis. We remain focused on improving operating margins and expect to remain similarly focused in the future. Our typical subscription contract term is 12 to 36 months, although terms range from one to 60 months, so during any fiscal reporting period only a subset of active subscription contracts is eligible for renewal. We calculate our attrition rate as of the end of each month. Our attrition rate was between nine and ten percent during the fiscal year ended January 31, 2015, which is consistent with the attrition rate as of January 31, 2014. We expect our attrition rate to remain in this range as we continue to expand our enterprise business and invest in customer success and related programs. We expect marketing and sales costs to continue to represent a substantial portion of total revenues in the future as we seek to grow our customer base, sell more products to existing customers, and build greater brand awareness. We regularly evaluate acquisitions or investment opportunities in complementary businesses, joint ventures, services and technologies in an effort to expand our service offerings. We have increased our headcount significantly to meet the higher demand for services from our customers. We intend to continue to invest additional resources in our enterprise cloud computing services and data center capacity. We expect that research and development expenses will increase in absolute dollars as we continue to add employees and invest in technology to support the development of new, and improve existing, technologies and the integration of acquired technologies. We plan to continue to invest in marketing and sales by expanding our domestic and international selling and marketing activities, building brand awareness, attracting new customers and sponsoring additional marketing events. Our operating cash flow has historically been affected by the amount of net loss adjusted for non-cash expense items such as depreciation and amortization, stock-based awards, and changes in working capital accounts. We believe our existing cash, cash equivalents and short-term marketable securities and cash provided by operating activities will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditure and debt repayment needs over the next 12 months. We expect capital expenditures to be higher in absolute dollars and remain consistent as a percentage of total revenues in future periods as a result of continued office build-outs, other leasehold improvements and data center investments. We may be required to seek additional equity or debt financing, and additional funds may not be available on terms favorable to us or at all.