We design, manufacture, and sell internet protocol (IP) based networking products and services related to the communications and information technology (IT) industry. Our strategy is to deliver integrated architectures, solutions, and outcomes to help our customers grow, manage costs, and mitigate risk. We believe our focus on capitalizing on market transitions positions us to become a more relevant and trusted partner to our customers and to expand our share of their IT spending. We continue to invest in growth, innovation, and talent while managing costs and driving efficiencies. In fiscal 2014, we announced a restructuring plan that will impact up to 6,000 employees, representing approximately 8% of our global workforce, and we expect to reinvest substantially all of the cost savings from these actions in key growth areas such as data center, software, security, and cloud. We experienced challenges during fiscal 2014, including reduced spending by service provider customers, weakness in emerging countries, and a conservative approach to IT-related capital spending by customers. Our operational flexibility is critical as we navigate these pressures, and we believe that our ability to adapt to changing market conditions is essential for maintaining performance under pressure. We focus on driving innovation, speed, agility, and efficiencies to deliver technology solutions that meet customer needs and enhance shareholder value. The decrease in revenue in fiscal 2014 was driven by declines across all geographic segments and customer markets, particularly in the service provider market. We believe that the product revenue declines in many emerging countries were driven by the impact of economic and geopolitical challenges, and we expect that these challenges may continue for at least the next several quarters. Our ability to absorb strain and preserve functioning despite adversity is reflected in our commitment to transforming our business and reconfiguring our strategies to meet customer requirements and market transitions. We regularly evaluate our exposure for inventory write-downs and the adequacy of our liability for purchase commitments, as inventory and supply chain management remain areas of focus to ensure competitive lead times while mitigating the risk of obsolescence. We assess collectibility based on creditworthiness and economic conditions that may affect a customer's ability to pay, which is a critical aspect of our risk management strategy. Our ongoing consideration of various factors, including market volatility and operational management, will influence our future performance and resilience. We believe that our strong cash and cash equivalents position allows us to use our resources for strategic investments, acquisitions, and shareholder returns, which are vital for sustaining organizational health and adaptability in turbulent markets.