We aim to generate attractive investment returns by following a patient and disciplined investment approach, employing world-class people, and driving growth and value creation in the assets we manage. Our growth has been driven by value that we have created through our operationally focused investment approach, the expansion of our existing businesses, our entry into new lines of business, innovation in the products that we offer investors in our funds, an increased focus on providing tailored solutions to our clients, and the integration of capital markets distribution activities. We believe that these aspects of our business will help us continue to expand and grow our business and deliver strong investment performance in a variety of economic and financial conditions. The majority of our balance sheet consists of general partner interests in KKR investment funds, limited partner interests in certain KKR investment funds, co-investments in certain portfolio companies of KKR private equity funds, and interests in CLOs, corporate loans, debt securities, and energy and real estate assets acquired in connection with our acquisition of KKR Financial Holdings. Our investment teams have deep industry knowledge and are supported by a substantial and diversified capital base, an integrated global investment platform, the expertise of operating consultants and senior advisors, and a worldwide network of business relationships that provide a significant source of investment opportunities, specialized knowledge during due diligence, and substantial resources for creating and realizing value for stakeholders. We have significant flexibility to grow investments and select exit opportunities. Our ability to attract new capital and investors in our funds is driven, in part, by the extent to which they continue to see the alternative asset management industry generally, and our investment products specifically, as an attractive vehicle for capital appreciation or income. We conduct our business with offices throughout the world, providing us with a pre-eminent global platform for sourcing transactions, raising capital, and carrying out capital markets activities. We have also used our balance sheet as a significant source of capital to further grow and expand our business, increase our participation in our existing businesses, and further align our interests with those of our fund investors and other stakeholders. Our ability to maintain and grow our revenue base is dependent upon our ability to successfully deploy the capital from our funds and our balance sheet. Greater competition, high valuations, increased overall cost of credit, and other general market conditions may impact our ability to identify and execute attractive investments. We have a long-term investment horizon, and the capital deployed in any one quarter may vary significantly from the capital deployed in any other quarter or the quarterly average of capital deployed in any given year. Reduced levels of transaction activity also tend to result in a reduced potential future investment gains, lower transaction fees, and lower fees for our capital markets business. We believe that the sources of liquidity described above will be sufficient to fund our working capital requirements for at least the next 12 months. Our primary sources of liquidity consist of amounts received from our operating activities, including the fees earned from our funds, managed accounts, portfolio companies, and capital markets transactions, realizations on carried interest from our investment funds, interest and dividends from investments that generate yield, realizations on and sales of investments and other assets, and borrowings under our credit facilities, debt offerings, and other borrowing arrangements. We have access to funding under various credit facilities and other borrowing arrangements that we have entered into with major financial institutions.