Throughout 2014, we continued to build momentum as we further optimized our business model. We were focused on three priorities to drive further top line growth including our enhanced sales & operations planning process, building on our customer experience design capabilities, and improving our relevance with the pro customer. This allows us to sell products from a store, online, on-site, or through one of our contact centers and fulfill orders in the most convenient manner for our customers. Through our sales & operations planning process, we have improved seasonal planning, including the cadence of product introductions, promotions and staffing. Our sales & operations process is anchored in the customer mindset for the season. The process ensures collaboration from all functions, including logistics, merchandising and marketing, to make certain we have relevant products available to customers at the right time and those products are effectively advertised and strategically promoted to drive customer traffic. In addition, during 2014, we continued to build customer experience design capabilities. We now have a dedicated customer experience design team that coordinates the creation of customer experiences that encompass the entire project from inspiration, to purchase, to fulfillment. These experiences are rooted in research around customers' shopping preferences and mindset about specific home improvement projects. By providing an integrative and cohesive assortment of products, inspiring and intuitive presentation and display, and optimal service components across all selling channels, we are able to provide better customer experiences that differentiate us in the marketplace. We continued to experience strength with our pro customers, which have performed at or above the company average comparable sales increase for 14 consecutive quarters. We have a strong foundation for doing business with pro customers with our dedicated service in the stores, inventory depth, job lot quantities and a strong value proposition. We are enhancing our product and service offering with this important customer, including ensuring we have the types of products and brands the pros demand. Looking forward, economic forecasts for 2015 suggest moderately stronger growth in the home improvement industry. Improvements in the housing market should also persist in 2015 with moderating home price growth and mortgage rates that remain historically low. As we move into 2015, we will focus on capitalizing on market opportunities and driving profitability within an improving economy. We will continue to differentiate ourselves through better customer experiences and improving our product and service offering for the pro customer. We have made progress over the past few years to meet customers on their terms whenever and wherever they choose to engage, and we will continue to invest in omni-channel capabilities to ensure that we are convenient and easy to do business with. We also remain committed to improving our productivity and profitability in areas including store payroll, marketing and efforts to leverage our scale to achieve cost savings on indirect spend. The increase in net cash provided by operating activities for 2014 versus 2013 was primarily driven by changes in working capital and an increase in net earnings. We expect to continue to have access to the capital markets on both short-term and long-term bases when needed for liquidity purposes by issuing commercial paper or new long-term debt. The availability and the borrowing costs of these funds could be adversely affected, however, by a downgrade of our debt ratings or a deterioration of certain financial ratios. Our ratio of debt to equity plus debt was 53.3% and 47.0% as of January 30, 2015, and January 31, 2014, respectively. We believe that net cash provided by operating and financing activities will be adequate not only for our operating requirements, but also for investments in information technology, investments in our existing stores, expansion plans and acquisitions, if any, and to return cash to shareholders through both dividends and share repurchases over the next 12 months.