We generate substantially all of our revenue from advertising and from fees associated with our payments infrastructure that enables people who use Facebook to purchase virtual and digital goods from developers. Trends in the number of users affect our revenue and financial results by influencing the number of ads we are able to show, the value of our ads to marketers, the volume of payments transactions, as well as our expenses and capital expenditures. We believe that use of Facebook through personal computers will continue to decline in all regions. Our advertising revenue is generated by displaying ad products on Facebook properties, including our mobile applications, and third-party affiliated websites or mobile applications. The number of ads we show is subject to methodological changes as we continue to evolve our ads business and the structure of our ads products. We recognize revenue from the delivery of click-based ads in the period in which a person clicks on the content, and action-based ads in the period in which a person takes the action the marketer contracted for. We believe that the assumptions and estimates associated with revenue recognition for payments and other fees, income taxes, share-based compensation, loss contingencies, and business combinations and valuation of goodwill and other acquired intangible assets have the greatest potential impact on our consolidated financial statements. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. We are involved in various lawsuits, claims, investigations, and proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. We believe that the amount or estimable range of reasonably possible loss will not, either individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows with respect to loss contingencies for legal and other contingencies. However, the outcome of litigation is inherently uncertain. We allocate the fair value of purchase consideration to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and intangible assets acquired based on their estimated fair values. The excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. Management's estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as a result, actual results may differ from estimates. We routinely review the remaining estimated useful lives of our finite-lived intangible assets. We anticipate making capital expenditures in 2015 of approximately $2.8 billion to $3.2 billion. Our principal sources of liquidity are our cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, and cash generated from operations. We currently anticipate that our available funds, credit facilities, and cash flow from operations will be sufficient to meet our operational cash needs for the foreseeable future. We have provided residual taxes in jurisdictions where we do not intend to indefinitely reinvest the earnings of the local subsidiary; however, the amount of taxes provided has been insignificant. We have not recorded any impairment charge during the years presented. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, costs and expenses, and related disclosures. We believe that the assumptions and estimates associated with revenue recognition for payments and other fees, income taxes, share-based compensation, loss contingencies, and business combinations and valuation of goodwill and other acquired intangible assets have the greatest potential impact on our consolidated financial statements.