The increases in operating income and net income in each of the two years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 were due to the increase in revenues, partially offset by the increase in the cost of revenues due to increased content expenses relating to our existing and new streaming content. We have demonstrated our ability to grow domestic streaming contribution margin as evidenced by the increase in contribution margin from 17% in 2012 to 27% in 2014. The increase in domestic streaming revenues was due to the 22% growth in the average number of paid memberships, as well as to the 2% increase in average monthly revenue per paying member resulting from our price increase for new members in the second quarter of 2014 and introduction of the higher priced plan in 2013. The increase in domestic streaming cost of revenues was primarily due to the $242.3 million increase in content expenses relating to our existing and new streaming content, including more exclusive and original programming. The decrease in net membership additions in the year ended December 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2013 is a natural progression of our large domestic market as we grow. We expect to continue to increase domestic contribution margins over the next several years even with lower membership growth. In the international streaming segment, we derive revenues from monthly membership fees for services consisting solely of streaming content offered through a membership plan. The increase in our international revenues was primarily due to the 82% growth in the average number of paid international memberships as well as the 1% increase in average monthly revenue per paying member resulting from the price increase on our most popular streaming plan and the introduction of the premium plan, offset partially by the impact of exchange rate fluctuations. The increase in international cost of revenues was primarily due to a $311.5 million increase in content expenses including content for our new markets as well as more exclusive and original programming. International contribution losses improved $114.5 million year over year, as a result of growing memberships and revenues faster than content and marketing spending. Our international streaming segment does not benefit from the established member base that exists for the domestic segments. As a result of having to build a member base from zero, investments in streaming content and marketing programs for our international segment are larger initially relative to revenues, in particular as new territories are launched. The contribution losses for our international segment have been significant due to investments in streaming content and marketing programs to drive membership growth and viewing in our international markets. We expect to significantly increase our investments in international expansion and in streaming content, particularly in original content. Our ability to obtain financing will depend on, among other things, our development efforts, business plans, operating performance and the condition of the capital markets at the time we seek financing. We may not be able to obtain such financing on terms acceptable to us or at all. We believe free cash flow is an important liquidity metric because it measures, during a given period, the amount of cash generated that is available to repay debt obligations, make investments and for certain other activities. The excess content payments over expense is variable based on the payment terms of our content agreements and is expected to continue to be significant as we enter into more agreements with upfront cash payments, such as original content agreements. The expected timing of payment of the obligations discussed below is estimated based on information available to us as of December 31, 2014. Streaming content obligations increased $2.2 billion from $7.3 billion as of December 31, 2013 to $9.5 billion as of December 31, 2014 primarily due to multi-year commitments associated with our latest market launches in Europe and the continued expansion of our exclusive and original programming.