We are the world’s largest provider of enterprise software and a leading provider of computer hardware products and services that are engineered to work together in the cloud and in the data center. Our offerings include Oracle database and middleware software, application software, cloud infrastructure, hardware systems, and related services. We develop and maintain our products and services to be enterprise-grade, reliable, secure, and interoperable while offering customers a choice in deployment models that best meet their IT needs. Our corporate strategy emphasizes delivering reliable, secure, and scalable products and services built upon industry standards. We believe that our investments in research and development are the foundation of our long-term strategic plans. We invested $5.2 billion, $4.9 billion, and $4.5 billion in research and development in fiscal years 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively, to enhance our existing portfolio and develop new products and services. Our cloud computing environments are designed to be attractive and cost-effective options for our customers, enabling them to manage critical business functions in a rapidly deployable delivery model. We enable customers to evolve and transform to substantially any IT environment at whatever pace is most appropriate for them. Our software and cloud business is comprised of new software licenses and cloud software subscriptions, cloud infrastructure-as-a-service, and software license updates and product support. We expect our software and cloud business revenues to continue to increase due to continued demand for our software products and subscription offerings, as well as our acquisitions, which should allow us to grow our profits and continue to invest in research and development. Our cloud infrastructure-as-a-service offerings provide deployment and management offerings for our software and hardware and related IT infrastructure, including virtual machine instances designed for computing and reliable and secure object storage. Our commitment to customer choice is demonstrated through ongoing enhancements to our application software products. We believe that an active acquisition program enhances the products and services we can offer to customers, expands our customer base, and increases stockholder value. We strive to renew our software support contracts and have historically seen high renewal rates. We also continue to evolve our hardware systems support processes to proactively identify and solve quality issues. Our organizational structure is designed to address the unique characteristics and challenges of our various operating segments. We recognize the importance of maintaining operational flexibility and adaptability in response to environmental perturbations and external pressures. Our strategic initiatives include ongoing investments in research and development, targeted acquisitions, and the integration of our products and services to enhance customer satisfaction and operational efficiency. We believe that our ability to absorb strain and preserve functioning despite adversity is critical to our long-term success and resilience in a competitive landscape.