Management's discussion and analysis indicates that our continued success is dependent on innovation with respect to both products and operations and on the continued positive reputations of our brands. To achieve business goals, we must develop and sell products that appeal to consumers and retail trade customers. Our ability to innovate and execute in these areas will determine the extent to which we are able to grow existing net sales and volume profitably, especially with respect to the product categories and geographic markets in which we have chosen to focus. We must manage each of these factors, as well as maintain mutually beneficial relationships with our key customers, to effectively compete and achieve our business plans. The company is pursuing alternate plans to sell its pet care business in certain markets, which reflects our adaptability to changing market conditions. We are focused on strategies that we believe are right for the long-term health of the company with the objective of delivering total shareholder return in the top one-third of our peer group. Our strategic focus includes strengthening core categories and markets, investing in developing markets, and narrowing and refocusing the company's portfolio to compete in structurally attractive categories. Innovation has always been, and continues to be, our lifeblood, requiring a full portfolio of innovation, including a mix of commercial programs, product improvements, and game-changing innovations. We have taken significant steps to accelerate productivity and savings across all elements of costs, which creates flexibility to fund our growth efforts and deliver our financial commitments. Operating discipline and execution have always been, and must continue to be, core capabilities and competitive advantages for us. Our ability to manage regulatory, tax, and legal matters, as well as to resolve pending legal matters within current estimates, may impact our results. We must implement, achieve, and sustain cost improvement plans, including established outsourcing relationships and those related to general overhead and workforce optimization. Our ongoing business model involves a certain level of ongoing acquisition, divestiture, and joint venture activities, which we must manage effectively while delivering against base business objectives. We are exposed to market risks, such as changes in interest rates, currency exchange rates, and commodity prices, which we evaluate on a centralized basis to take advantage of natural exposure correlation and netting. Our market environment is highly competitive, and we continue to expand our presence in other channels, including perfumeries and pharmacies. We believe our financial condition continues to be of high quality, as evidenced by our ability to generate substantial cash from operations and ready access to capital markets at competitive rates. We maintain key manufacturing and supply arrangements and must successfully manage any disruptions at company manufacturing sites. Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to manage continued global political and/or economic uncertainty, especially in our significant geographic markets. The company expects to incur significant restructuring costs as part of a productivity and cost savings plan designed to reduce costs and better leverage scale. Overall, the costs and other non-manufacturing enrollment reductions are expected to deliver in excess of $2.8 billion in annual gross before-tax savings.