We believe the scale and quality of our operating platform, the skills of our team, and the strength of our balance sheet give us unique competitive advantages. Our plan to grow revenue, earnings, net operating income, cash flows, and core funds from operations is based on rising rents and value creation from development. We expect growth to continue as demand for logistics facilities is strong across the globe. The operating fundamentals in the markets of our operating portfolio have been improving, positively impacting both occupancy and rental rates, which has fueled development activity. We believe that a successful development program involves maintaining control of well-positioned land, as our land bank has the potential to support the development of nearly 180 million additional square feet. We stabilized development projects with a total expected investment of $1.1 billion, which we estimate will increase the value of these buildings by approximately 23.0% post-stabilization. Our owned and managed portfolio includes operating industrial properties and does not include properties under development or held for sale. The activity in our owned and managed portfolio impacts real estate operations net operating income, strategic capital revenues, and the net earnings we recognize from our unconsolidated co-investment ventures. We had significant co-investment venture activity that impacted strategic capital net operating income, and we believe the operating fundamentals of our owned and managed portfolio are consistent with those of our consolidated portfolio. Our average occupancy increased 90 basis points in 2014 from 2013, and we experienced an increase in rental rates on the turnover of existing leases that resulted in higher average rental rates in our portfolio. We recognize changes in rental income from certain contractual rent increases and have experienced an increase in rental recoveries due to higher average occupancy. We believe that our ability to generate cash from operating activities, dispositions of properties, and available financing sources is adequate to meet our anticipated future development, acquisition, operating, debt service, dividend, and distribution requirements. We expect to fund our cash needs principally from available unrestricted cash balances, property operations, fees earned for services performed on behalf of the co-investment ventures, and proceeds from the disposition of properties. Our liquidity and capital resources overview indicates that we are in compliance with all of our debt covenants. We assess our ability to control an entity and whether the entity is a variable interest entity through consideration of the substantive terms of the arrangement. Our investments in and advances to our unconsolidated co-investment ventures are significant, and we work with these ventures to refinance their maturing debt. The ability to foresee, confront, and benefit from sudden disruptive change is critical for our organizational resilience, as we navigate market conditions and adapt our strategies accordingly. We recognize the importance of maintaining operational flexibility and strategic response mechanisms to enhance our organizational effectiveness and ensure performance maintenance under pressure.