Stryker is committed to internal innovation to develop products and services that improve outcomes and deliver greater cost savings and efficiencies. Our success depends on the ability of our people to execute effectively, every day. We believe our success in the highly competitive product categories in which we operate depends to a large degree on our ability to develop new products and make improvements to existing products. We express this through our mission statement: "together with our customers, we are driven to make healthcare better." In 2014, we achieved sales growth of 7.3% in line with our ongoing goal to grow organic sales at the high-end of the medtech industry. Our goal is to drive sales growth at the high-end of the medtech industry and maintain our capital allocation strategy that prioritizes acquisitions, dividends, and share repurchases. We believe that this increased presence will strengthen our brand in Europe, support the growth of our global business, provide operational efficiencies, and simplify our customers' experience. Our capital allocation strategy includes investing in acquisitions to complement our portfolio of businesses, which reflects our adaptability to changing market conditions. We manage capital spending to support our business growth, and capital expenditures were primarily to support integration of acquisitions, information technology infrastructure upgrades, capacity expansion, new product introductions, innovation, and cost savings. Our operating cash flow provides the primary source of cash to fund operating needs and capital expenditures. We anticipate being able to support our short-term liquidity and operating needs, including settlements related to the rejuvenate and abg ii recalls, from a variety of sources, including cash from operations, commercial paper, and existing credit lines. We continually evaluate our receivables, particularly in regions with economic pressures, and believe that our current reserves related to receivables are adequate. We have strong short-term and long-term debt ratings that we believe should enable us to refinance our debt as it becomes due. Our financial condition continues to be of high quality, as evidenced by our ability to generate substantial cash from operations and ready access to capital markets at competitive rates. We have recorded charges to earnings representing the minimum of the range of probable loss to resolve certain product recalls, which reflects our proactive measures in crisis management. The outcomes of various ongoing legal actions and claims arising in the normal course of business will generally not be known for prolonged periods of time, and we evaluate our tax positions and establish liabilities in accordance with applicable accounting guidance on uncertainty in income taxes. We believe that our current reserves related to receivables are adequate and any additional credit risk associated with certain regions is not expected to have a material adverse impact on our financial position or liquidity. Our estimates of the useful lives of determinable-lived intangibles are primarily based on factors including competitive environment, market share, and underlying product life cycles. We perform our annual impairment test for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, which reflects our commitment to maintaining organizational health and performance under pressure.