The MD&A is intended to provide a reader of our financial statements with a narrative explanation from the perspective of management of our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and certain other factors that may affect future results. We are the un-carrier, un-satisfied with the status quo, and un-afraid to innovate. T-Mobile is the fastest growing wireless company in the U.S., based on customer growth in 2014, currently providing wireless communications services to over 55 million customers. The un-carrier proposition seeks to listen to the customer, address their pain points, and bring innovation to the industry. We will continue to listen and respond to our customers, refine and improve the un-carrier proposition, and deliver the best value experience in the industry. Our ability to acquire and retain branded postpaid customers is important to our business in the generation of revenues. Improvements in branded postpaid net customer additions and churn were driven by the continued success of our un-carrier proposition and strong customer response to promotions. Our principal sources of liquidity are our cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from operations, proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt and the issuance of common and preferred stock. We expect our current sources of funding to be sufficient to meet the anticipated liquidity requirements of the company in the next 12 months and intend to use our current sources of funding for general corporate purposes, including capital investments and enhancing our financial flexibility. We regularly review and update these projections for changes in current and projected financial and operating results, general economic conditions, the competitive landscape and other factors. There are a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause our financial and operating results and capital requirements to differ materially from our projections. We may seek to raise additional debt or equity capital to the extent our projections regarding our liquidity requirements change or on an opportunistic basis when there are favorable market conditions. Our liquidity requirements have been driven primarily by capital expenditures for spectrum licenses and the construction, expansion and upgrading of our network infrastructure. We expect cash capital expenditures for property and equipment to be in the range of $4.4 billion to $4.7 billion in 2015. In 2014, we completed an offering of new senior unsecured notes and used a portion of the proceeds from the issuance of the notes to redeem senior unsecured notes with a higher interest rate. The increase in cash flow provided by operating activities was driven by several factors, including increases in branded postpaid revenues due to our acceleration of customer growth. We believe that these measures facilitate key operating performance comparisons with other companies in the wireless industry. The inclusion of MetroPCS operating results since the business combination contributed significantly to our performance. We have continued to focus on retaining customers through churn reduction initiatives to improve customer experience. The improvements in branded postpaid net customer additions and churn were driven by the continued success of our un-carrier proposition and strong customer response to promotions. Our un-carrier proposition is first and foremost about the customer, and we have aggressively addressed customer pain points with various initiatives. We expect further growth in our branded postpaid net customer additions as we continue to offer competitive pricing and improve our network and customer experience.