The company’s strategy to drive long-term shareholder value is to pursue growth through product development and distribution expansion and to achieve efficiencies by modernizing its technology and streamlining its operations. The company believes that its strategy of positioning itself for future growth and efficiency while defending and leveraging its market-leading position will provide support toward these objectives. The financial and economic environment is materially affected by conditions in the global capital markets and the economy generally, where stressed conditions, volatility, and disruptions can have an adverse effect on the company. The company has a large investment portfolio, and its insurance liabilities and derivatives are sensitive to changing market factors. The company intends to maintain strong capital ratios in support of its commitment to shareholder dividends while remaining tactical in its deployment of capital. The company expects that favorable morbidity experience and the shift in premiums from first sector savings products to third sector cancer and medical products will result in stable benefit ratios. The company anticipates that benefit and expense ratios will continue to experience some level of revenue pressure due to the impact of paid-up policies and internal reinsurance transactions. The company’s objectives include maintaining strong pretax margins with increased sales production through product refreshment and managing expenses. The company’s investment strategy incorporates asset-liability matching to align expected cash flows of the portfolio with the needs of the company's liability structure. The company utilizes disciplined asset and liability management while seeking long-term risk-adjusted investment returns and the delivery of stable income within regulatory and capital objectives. The company employs policy reserve matching investment strategies to reduce sensitivity to interest rate changes. The company has undertaken various measures to mitigate the sensitivity of its solvency margin, including the use of foreign currency derivatives to hedge a portion of its U.S. dollar-denominated investments. The company’s liquidity management includes maintaining higher than historical levels of liquidity and capital for stress conditions. The governance framework supporting liquidity, capital, and leverage includes global senior management and board committees that review and approve significant capital-related decisions. The company’s cash flows from operations provide the primary sources of liquidity, and it expects its future cash flows from premiums and investment portfolios to be sufficient to meet its cash needs for benefits and expenses. The company’s investment objectives provide for liquidity primarily through the purchase of publicly traded investment-grade debt securities, and it monitors the valuations of its commercial real estate investments to manage exposure risk. The company continually evaluates its hedging strategies to mitigate risks associated with foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations and interest rate volatility. The company’s commitment to maintaining strong capital levels is consistent with its goal of preserving shareholder value and ensuring operational continuity. The company’s financial performance is influenced by external pressures, including regulatory oversight and market volatility, which necessitate a proactive approach to risk management and strategic adaptation. The company’s approach to estimating credit losses incorporates significant judgments based on past events, current economic conditions, and forecasts of future economic conditions. The company’s organizational resilience is reflected in its ability to adapt to changing market conditions and maintain operational effectiveness amidst external disturbances.