We believe that one of our major strengths is our ability to deliver comprehensively structured insurance and risk management services to our clients. Our brokerage units are very active in alternative markets, which historically have reduced commission revenue to us, but such trends generally have been accompanied by new sales and renewal increases in the areas of risk management, claims management, captive insurance, and self-insurance services and related growth in fee revenue. We anticipate that our history of strong new business generation, solid retentions, and enhanced value-added services for our carrier partners should all result in further organic growth opportunities around the world. We have historically viewed organic revenue growth as an important indicator when assessing and evaluating the performance of our brokerage and risk management segments. Our cash flows from operations, borrowing availability, and overall liquidity are subject to risks and uncertainties. We believe that we have sufficient capital and access to additional capital to meet our short- and long-term cash flow needs. The combination of increasing insurable values, a tight labor market, and lower unemployment is likely contributing to increases in client insured exposures. We expect that our clean energy investments will produce after-tax losses in 2024. We have made significant investments in clean energy operations capable of producing refined coal that we believe qualified for tax credits under IRC section 45. We anticipate positive net cash flow related to IRC section 45 activity in 2024. Our corporate segment reports financial information related to our clean energy and other investments, our debt, certain corporate and acquisition-related activities, and the impact of foreign currency remeasurement. We routinely are involved in legal proceedings, claims, disputes, regulatory matters, and governmental inspections or investigations arising in the ordinary course of or incidental to our business. We believe that the ultimate outcome of these proceedings, individually and in the aggregate, will not materially harm our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. However, legal proceedings and government investigations are subject to inherent uncertainties, and unfavorable rulings or other events could occur, which may result in a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, or financial position. We have entered into a number of arrangements whereby our performance on certain obligations is guaranteed by a third party through the issuance of a letter of credit. We had total letters of credit outstanding of $21.2 million at December 31, 2023. Our risk management segment operations provide contract claim settlement, claim administration, loss control services, and risk management consulting for commercial, nonprofit, captive, and public sector entities. In our property/casualty brokerage operations, we saw continued strong customer retention and new business generation and increasing renewal premiums. We believe these favorable trends should continue in 2024; however, if economic conditions worsen or premium rate increases slow, we could see our revenue growth soften. Our corporate segment includes overhead allocations mostly related to corporate staff compensation and other corporate-level activities. We have historically depended on our ability to generate positive cash flow from operations to meet a substantial portion of our cash requirements. We believe that our cash flows from operations and borrowings under our credit agreement will provide us with adequate resources to meet our liquidity needs in the foreseeable future. The effective income tax rate impact levelizes the prior year for the change in current year tax rates. We have a qualified contributory savings and thrift 401(k) plan covering the majority of our domestic employees. We believe that these presentations provide useful information to management, analysts, and investors regarding financial and business trends relating to our results of operations and financial condition.