The preparation of our financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses, and the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our financial statements. Actual results may differ from these estimates and such differences could be material to the financial statements. We report our results in seven segments and evaluate financial performance in each business segment using segment gross margin and segment operating profit. Our primary business is the leasing of space on communications sites to various service providers, and we manage rooftop and tower sites for property owners under various contractual arrangements. The revenues generated by our property operations may be affected by cancellations of existing tenant leases. Most of our tenant leases with wireless carriers and broadcasters are multiyear contracts, which typically are non-cancellable; however, in some instances, a lease may be cancelled upon the payment of a termination fee. Revenue lost from either tenant lease cancellations or the non-renewal of leases or rent renegotiations, which we refer to as churn, has historically not had a material adverse effect on the revenues generated by our consolidated property operations. Our ability to lease additional space on our sites is primarily a function of the rate at which wireless carriers and other tenants deploy capital to improve and expand their wireless networks. This rate, in turn, is influenced by the growth of wireless services, the penetration of advanced wireless devices, and the level of emphasis on network quality and capacity in carrier competition. We believe that consistent carrier network investments across our international markets will, over the long term, position us to generate meaningful organic revenue growth going forward. We continue to evaluate opportunities to acquire communications real estate portfolios, both domestically and internationally, to determine whether they meet our risk-adjusted hurdle rates and whether we believe we can effectively integrate them into our existing portfolio. Our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities depends upon the demand for our communications infrastructure and our related services and our ability to increase the utilization of our existing communications infrastructure. We believe that the cash generated by operating activities during the year ending December 31, 2024, together with our borrowing capacity under our credit facilities, will suffice to fund our required distributions, capital expenditures, debt service obligations, and signed acquisitions. We are in the process of finalizing our review of the estimated useful lives of our tower assets. Based on preliminary information obtained to date, we expect that our estimated asset lives may be extended, which would result in a significant decrease in depreciation and amortization. We have identified the following policies as critical to an understanding of our results of operations and financial condition. We review long-lived assets for impairment at least annually or whenever events, changes in circumstances, or other indicators or evidence indicate that the carrying amount of our assets may not be recoverable. We will continue to monitor the status of developments that could negatively affect our reporting units' financial results, including increased tenant attrition exceeding our forecast, additional payment shortfalls, and other factors. We believe that our site leasing revenue, which makes up the vast majority of our property segment revenue, is likely to increase due to the growing use of wireless services globally and our ability to meet the corresponding incremental demand for our communications real estate.