Amphenol believes that its global presence is an important competitive advantage, as it allows the company to provide quality products on a timely and worldwide basis to its multinational customers, while at the same time offering a level of resiliency and diversification against local risks and challenges that may emerge in any single geography. The company focuses its research and development efforts through close collaboration with its customers to develop highly engineered products that meet customer needs and have the potential for broad market applications and significant sales within a one- to three-year period. The company's strategy is to provide comprehensive design capabilities, a broad selection of products, and a high level of quality and service on a worldwide basis, while maintaining continuing programs of productivity improvement and cost control. The company has focused its global resources to position itself to compete effectively in an environment where customers have generally been consolidating their lists of qualified suppliers to companies that can meet certain technical, quality, delivery, and other standards. The company’s strategic objective is to further enhance its position in its served markets by pursuing broad market diversification, developing high-technology performance-enhancing solutions, expanding global presence, controlling costs, pursuing strategic acquisitions and investments, and fostering collaborative, entrepreneurial management. The company has consistently generated net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations, which it uses to fund capital expenditures and acquisitions, repurchase shares, pay dividends, and reduce indebtedness. The company has also invested in modern manufacturing technologies and controlled purchasing processes to enhance operational flexibility. The company’s ability to generate cash from operating activities is one of its fundamental financial strengths, and it considers free cash flow as a key metric in measuring its ability to generate cash. The company’s operations are subject to environmental laws and regulations that govern the discharge of pollutants and the handling and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes, and it believes that its operations are currently in substantial compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations. The company strives to offset the impact of increases in the cost of raw materials, labor, and services through price increases, productivity improvements, and cost-saving programs. However, it acknowledges that inflationary pressures and logistical challenges may impact the cost and availability of certain raw materials and components, potentially resulting in supply shortages. The company has done a preliminary review of currently enacted legislation regarding the OECD/G20 inclusive framework and does not expect the initial implementation to materially impact future results. The company has also indicated an intention to repatriate most of its pre-2023 accumulated earnings and has accrued the foreign and U.S. state and local taxes, if applicable, on those earnings. The company intends to evaluate certain post-2023 earnings for repatriation and will accrue for those distributions where appropriate. The company’s strategic initiatives include enhancing organizational capabilities, maintaining operational continuity, and fostering a culture of learning and adaptability to confront challenges and seize opportunities in a dynamic business environment.