We develop semiconductor devices with a focus on complex digital and mixed signal complementary metal oxide semiconductor based devices and analog iii-v based products. Our infrastructure software solutions enable customers to plan, develop, automate, manage, and secure applications across mainframe, distributed, mobile, and cloud platforms. Our portfolio of infrastructure and security software is designed to modernize, optimize, and secure the most complex hybrid environments, enabling scalability, agility, automation, insights, resiliency, and security. We seek to achieve a robust business model designed to drive diversified and sustainable operating and financial results. The demand for our products has been affected by various factors, including general economic and market conditions in the industries and markets in which we compete, the rate at which our present and future customers and end-users adopt our products and technologies, and the timing, rescheduling, or cancellation of expected customer orders. We recognize revenue upon the delivery of our products to the distributors, which can cause our quarterly net revenue to fluctuate significantly. Our software customers generally consist of large enterprises that have computing environments from multiple vendors and are highly complex. We believe our enterprise-wide license model will continue to offer our customers reduced complexity, more flexibility, and an easier renewal process that will help drive revenue growth. We have established strong relationships with leading OEM customers across multiple target markets, which has provided us with key insights into our customers' businesses and enabled us to be more efficient and productive. The macroeconomic environment remains uncertain and may cause our net revenue to fluctuate significantly and impact our results of operations. Our strategy is to combine best-of-breed technology leadership in semiconductor and infrastructure software solutions with unmatched scale to deliver a comprehensive suite of infrastructure technology products. We expect to incur additional research and development expense in future periods as a result of the VMware merger and any further acquisitions we may make. Our ability to fund these requirements will depend, in part, on our future cash flows, which are determined by our future operating performance and subject to prevailing global macroeconomic conditions and other factors. Our cash and cash equivalents are maintained in highly liquid investments, and we believe that our cash and cash equivalents on hand, cash flows from operations, and the revolving credit facility will provide sufficient liquidity to operate our business and fund our current and assumed obligations for at least the next 12 months. We may also generate cash from the sale of assets and debt or equity financings from time to time. Our working capital increased, primarily due to cash generated from operations, partially offset by dividend payments and stock repurchases. Our operating income from our semiconductor solutions segment increased primarily due to higher net revenue from networking, server storage, and broadband products. We expect to incur additional amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets in future periods as a result of the VMware merger and any further acquisitions we may make. The increase in cash provided by operations during fiscal year 2023 compared to fiscal year 2022 was due to higher net income, offset in part by lower non-cash adjustments primarily from lower amortization of intangible assets. Our liquidity and capital resources are influenced by our principal liquidity requirements and uses of cash, which include business acquisitions, working capital requirements, and research and development needs.