We evaluate certain operating and financial measures on both an as-reported and constant-currency basis. Our mission is to make it easier for everyone to experience the world, aiming to provide consumers with a best-in-class experience offering the travel choices they want, seamlessly connecting them with our travel service provider partners. Trends since the second quarter of 2020 and through 2023 indicate that changes in accommodation room nights have generally improved as government-imposed travel restrictions due to the COVID-19 pandemic have eased, demonstrating our adaptability to external pressures. In 2023, we saw the booking window expand compared to 2022, which benefited year-over-year room night growth. Following Russia's invasion of Ukraine, we suspended the booking of travel services in Russia and Belarus, which led to the loss of new bookings from these countries. The negative impact on room night growth due to the Israel-Hamas war illustrates the need for effective crisis management and operational flexibility in response to disruptive events. We focus on relentless innovation to grow our business by providing a best-in-class user experience with intuitive, easy-to-use online platforms. Our long-term strategy aims to create an ideal traveler experience, enhanced by a robust loyalty program that provides value to travelers and partners across all trips. We believe that expanding these types of service offerings will benefit consumers and travel service providers, as well as our gross bookings, room night, and earnings growth rates. However, this results in additional expenses, which can impact our operating margins. Our marketing expenses increased year-over-year in 2023 to help drive additional gross bookings and revenues, reflecting our strategic response to market demands. We have established widely-used and recognized brands through marketing and promotional campaigns, which are crucial for maintaining our competitive advantage. The competition for technology talent in our industry is intense, and our personnel expenses to attract and retain key talent have increased, which may adversely affect our results of operations. We intend to continue to invest in marketing and technology to improve long-term operating results, even if those expenditures create pressure on operating margins. Our businesses outside of the U.S. represent a substantial majority of our financial results, but we face exposure to movements in foreign currency exchange rates. We enter into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, demonstrating our commitment to risk management. We believe that our existing cash balances and liquid resources will be sufficient to fund our operating activities, capital expenditures, and other obligations through at least the next twelve months. However, if we are not successful in generating sufficient cash flow from operations or in raising additional capital, we may be required to reduce our planned capital expenditures and scale back the scope of our business plans, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our investments in initiatives to drive future growth add pressure on operating margins, and we may need to recognize additional impairment charges that could materially affect our results of operations.