BlackRock's strategy continues to be guided by the company's clients' needs and focus on the long-term, which the company believes better enables it to deliver durable returns for shareholders and create value for all of its stakeholders. The company believes that the strategic re-architecture of the organization to embed its ETF and index expertise across the entire firm will simplify and improve how the company works and delivers for clients. BlackRock's diversified platform, in terms of style, product, client, and geography, enables it to generate more stable cash flows through market cycles, positioning BlackRock to invest for the long-term by striking an appropriate balance between investing for future growth and prudent discretionary expense management. The planned combination of Global Infrastructure Partners with BlackRock's complementary infrastructure offerings is expected to create a broad global infrastructure franchise with differentiated origination and asset management capabilities. BlackRock views ETFs as a technology that facilitates investing and has become core to asset management. The company believes that the organizational architecture changes will accelerate the growth of ETFs and other investment strategies at BlackRock. The company continues to evolve and enable clients to further simplify their operating infrastructure with Aladdin, empowering clients with data and creating connectivity with ecosystem providers and third-party technology solutions. BlackRock's long-term strategy remains to keep alpha at the heart of BlackRock; drive growth in ETFs, private markets, and technology; be the global leader in sustainable investing; and lead as a whole portfolio advisor. The company believes its strategy aligns with expected future client demand and structural growth opportunities in areas including private markets, integrated whole portfolio and outsourced solutions, ETFs, Aladdin technology, and fixed income. BlackRock's highly diversified multi-product platform was created to meet client needs in all market environments and provide clients with choice in how they seek to achieve their unique financial goals. The company is positioned to provide alpha-seeking active, index, and cash management investment strategies across asset classes and geographies. BlackRock has built a broad illiquid alternatives platform to meet demand for diversification and higher returns. The company continues to invest in technology services offerings, which enhance the ability to manage portfolios and risk, effectively serve clients, and operate efficiently. Market volatility, growing cost pressures, and complexity in optimizing whole portfolios underscore the need for enterprise operating and risk management technology. BlackRock's investment management revenue is primarily comprised of fees earned as a percentage of assets under management (AUM) and, in some cases, performance fees, which are normally expressed as a percentage of fund returns to the client. The company manages $10.0 trillion of AUM, with approximately 19,800 employees in more than 30 countries, providing a broad range of investment management and technology services to institutional and retail clients across the globe. BlackRock believes it is well positioned for a stabilizing rate environment due to the breadth, diversification, and investment performance of its fixed income platform. The company is committed to providing clients with choice and executing in accordance with their chosen objectives, which includes investing in sustainable strategies. BlackRock's framework for long-term shareholder value creation is predicated on generating differentiated organic growth, leveraging scale to increase operating margins over time, and returning capital to shareholders on a consistent basis.