Through our subsidiaries, we engage in numerous diverse business activities. We manage our operating businesses on an unusually decentralized basis. There are few centralized or integrated business functions. Our senior corporate management team participates in and is ultimately responsible for significant capital allocation decisions, investment activities, and the selection of the chief executive to head each of the operating businesses. To varying degrees, our operating businesses have been impacted by government and private sector actions taken to mitigate the adverse economic effects of the COVID-19 virus and its variants, as well as by the development of global geopolitical conflicts, supply chain disruptions, and government actions to slow inflation. The timing and magnitude of catastrophe losses can produce significant volatility in our periodic underwriting results, particularly with respect to our reinsurance businesses. We currently consider pre-tax incurred losses exceeding $150 million from a current year catastrophic event to be significant. Significant catastrophe events in 2023 were a cyclone and floods in New Zealand and a hailstorm in Italy. In 2022, significant events were Hurricane Ian and floods in Australia, while significant events in 2021 included Hurricane Ida, floods in Europe, and winter storm Uri. Changes in estimates for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses can also significantly affect our periodic underwriting results. Our periodic underwriting results may also include foreign currency transaction gains and losses arising from changes in the valuation of non-U.S. dollar denominated liabilities of our U.S.-based subsidiaries due to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. We strive to produce pre-tax underwriting earnings over the long term in all business categories. We believe that maintaining ample liquidity is paramount and we insist on safety over yield with respect to short-term investments. Our consolidated balance sheet continues to reflect significant liquidity and a very strong capital base. Berkshire's shareholders' equity at December 31, 2023, was $561.3 billion, an increase of $87.8 billion since December 31, 2022. Financial strength and redundant liquidity will always be of paramount importance at Berkshire. We anticipate that these payments will be funded by operating cash flows. Our diverse group of businesses generated net operating cash flows between $37 billion and $49 billion. Our consolidated capital expenditures for property, plant, and equipment were $19.4 billion in 2023. We forecast capital expenditures for BHE and BNSF in 2024 of approximately $14.3 billion. We are also obligated to pay claims arising from our property and casualty insurance companies. Such liabilities, including amounts from retroactive reinsurance, were approximately $146 billion at December 31, 2023. The nature, extent, timing, and perceived reliability of loss information received from ceding companies varies widely depending on the type of coverage and the contractual reporting terms. Our claim liability estimation process for short-tail lines utilizes a combination of the paid and incurred loss development methods and the incurred and paid loss Bornhuetter-Ferguson methods. We believe that investment gains and losses recorded in earnings in any given period have little analytical or predictive value. We generally do not utilize derivative products to manage interest rate risks and we do not attempt to match maturities of assets and liabilities. We generally do not attempt to match assets and liabilities by currency and do not use derivative contracts to manage foreign currency risks in a meaningful way.