Cadence is a leading pioneer in electronic system design software and IP, building upon more than 35 years of computational software expertise. Our intelligent system design strategy allows us to quickly adapt to our customers' dynamic design requirements, reflecting our ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform ourselves to emerge stronger from challenging situations. We continuously monitor geopolitical conflicts around the world and their effects on our business, which demonstrates our organizational resilience against external pressures. Our business model provides some resilience against these factors, and we will continue to monitor the direct and indirect impacts of these or similar circumstances on our business and financial results. The termination of our operations in Russia has not materially limited our ability to develop or support our products and has not had a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, or cash flows. We have completed several acquisitions that enhance our talent, technology portfolio, and ability to pursue attractive opportunities in the markets we serve, which reflects our commitment to resource allocation and operational flexibility. Our strategy allows us to deliver essential computational software, hardware, and IP that our customers use to turn their design concepts into reality, indicating our focus on service innovation and adaptability. The increase in cash flows from operating activities during fiscal 2023 was primarily due to improved results from operations, the timing of cash receipts from customers, and the timing of cash disbursements, which illustrates our organizational effectiveness in managing resources. Our operating margin increased during fiscal 2023, primarily because revenue growth in each of our five product categories exceeded growth in operating expenses, showcasing our ability to maintain performance under pressure. We expect that current cash and cash equivalent balances and cash flows generated from operations and financing activities will be sufficient to meet the needs of our domestic and international operating activities and other capital and liquidity requirements, including acquisitions and investments, for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. The increase in our net working capital is primarily due to the timing of cash receipts from customers and disbursements made for operating and financing activities, which reflects our capacity to manage operational resources effectively. Our assessments of the potential impact of macroeconomic conditions on our business are ongoing, and we recognize that our organizational capabilities must evolve to confront future challenges. We have initiated restructuring plans to better align our resources with our business strategy, indicating our commitment to organizational change processes and strategic adaptation. Our investments in research and development activities and technical sales support are aimed at enhancing our resilience strategies, ensuring that we remain competitive in a rapidly changing market landscape. The resilience of our business model is further evidenced by our ability to generate revenue from various geographic regions, driven by our customers' continued investment in new, complex designs for their products.