We are a leading broadband connectivity company and cable operator serving more than 32 million customers in 41 states through our spectrum brand. We continue to upgrade our network to provide higher internet speeds and reliability and invest in our products and customer service platforms. Our mobile line and internet customer additions were supported by our spectrum one offering, which brings together spectrum internet, advanced wifi, and unlimited spectrum mobile to offer consumers fast, reliable, and secure online connections on their favorite devices at home and on-the-go in a high-value package. We are also beginning to see operational benefits from the targeted investments we are making in employee wages and benefits to build employee skill sets and tenure, as well as the continued investments in digitization of our customer service platforms and proactive maintenance, all with the goal of improving the customer experience, reducing transactions, and driving customer growth and retention. The increase in our operating costs and expenses was attributable to adjustments to job structure, pay and benefits to build a more skilled and longer tenured workforce resulting in lower frontline employee attrition compared to 2022, and additional activity to support the accelerated growth of spectrum mobile. We believe we have sufficient liquidity from cash on hand, free cash flow, and charter operating's revolving credit facility as well as access to the capital markets to fund our projected cash needs. Our projected cash needs and projected sources of liquidity depend upon, among other things, our actual results and the timing and amount of our expenditures. We continue to evaluate the deployment of our cash on hand and anticipated future free cash flow, including investing in our business growth and other strategic opportunities, including expanding the capacity of our network, the expansion of our network through our rural broadband construction initiative, and mergers and acquisitions as well as stock repurchases and dividends. We monitor the appropriateness of our capitalization policies and perform updates to our internal studies on an ongoing basis to determine whether facts or circumstances warrant a change to our capitalization policies. We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and the tax basis of our assets and liabilities and expected benefits of utilizing loss carryforwards. We have significant ongoing capital expenditure requirements, and the increase was primarily due to an increase in line extensions in connection with our subsidized rural construction initiative and continued residential and commercial network expansion. We currently expect full year 2024 capital expenditures to total between $12.2 billion and $12.4 billion, including line extensions of approximately $4.5 billion and network evolution spend of approximately $1.6 billion. Our capital expenditures are funded primarily from cash flows from operating activities and borrowings on our credit facility. The timing and terms of any refinancing transactions will be subject to market conditions among other considerations. We believe our existing capitalization policies are appropriate, and a significant change in the nature or extent of our operating practices could affect management's judgment about the extent to which we should capitalize direct labor or overhead in the future. We continue to work towards the construction of our own 5G mobile data-only network in targeted areas of our footprint leveraging our CBRS priority access licenses. By continually improving our product set and offering consumers the opportunity to save money by switching to our services, we believe we can continue to penetrate our expanding footprint and sell additional products to our existing customers.