We believe we contribute to disaster recovery and resilience in the communities we serve. For example, we mobilized our people, entered into emergency leases, and engaged with a multitude of service providers to timely retrieve, store, and remarket tens of thousands of flood-damaged vehicles in South Florida in the wake of Hurricane Ian in the fall of 2022. Our business is a critical enabler for the global re-use and recycling of vehicles, parts, and raw materials. We help decrease the total environmental impact by extending the useful life of vehicles and thereby avoiding the carbon emissions associated with the alternative of new vehicle and auto parts manufacturing. We believe that we contribute to economic development and well-being by enabling more affordable access to mobility around the world, particularly in developing countries where affordable transportation is a critical enabler of education, health care, and well-being more generally. Our goals are to generate sustainable profits for our stockholders while also providing environmental and social benefits for the world around us. We implement our pricing structure and auction procedures and attempt to introduce cost efficiencies at each of our acquired facilities by integrating our management information systems and redeploying personnel, when necessary. The period-to-period comparability of our consolidated operating results and financial position is affected by business acquisitions, new openings, weather, and product introductions during such periods. We anticipate acquiring and developing facilities in new regions, as well as the regions currently served by our facilities, which will strengthen our coverage. Our business is seasonal, as inclement weather during the winter months increases the frequency of accidents and consequently the number of cars involved in accidents which the insurance companies salvage rather than repair. Severe weather events, including but not limited to tornadoes, floods, hurricanes, and hailstorms, can also impact our volumes. These increased volumes require the increased use of our cash to pay out advances and handling costs of the additional business. We believe that our currently available cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to satisfy our operating and working capital requirements in the foreseeable future. We expect to acquire or develop additional locations and expand some of our current facilities in the foreseeable future. The opening of new greenfield yards is contingent upon our ability to locate property that meets specific criteria, including adequate size and appropriate zoning for our business. Our revenue is impacted by several factors, including total loss frequency and the average vehicle auction selling price, which is significantly associated with the ultimate selling price of the vehicle. We monitor and analyze a number of key financial performance indicators in order to manage our business and evaluate our financial and operating performance. We cannot predict the movements of the factors that can influence repair costs, used car pricing, and auction returns with precision. Our revenue is driven primarily by market demand for rebuildable, drivable vehicles and used car pricing, which we believe has an impact on total loss frequency. We believe the long-term trend of increases in total loss frequency will continue, and we have noted fluctuations in total loss frequency in the near term.