This report contains statements concerning the companies' expectations, plans, objectives, future financial performance, and other statements that are not historical facts. The companies make forward-looking statements with full knowledge that risks and uncertainties exist that may cause actual results to differ materially from predicted results. Factors that may cause actual results to differ include unusual weather conditions and their effect on energy sales to customers and energy commodity prices, extreme weather events and other natural disasters, including hurricanes, high winds, severe storms, earthquakes, flooding, climate changes, and changes in water temperatures and availability that can cause outages and property damage to facilities. The impact of extraordinary external events, such as the pandemic health event resulting from COVID-19, and their collateral consequences, including extended disruption of economic activity in the companies' markets and global supply chains, are also significant. The companies face risks associated with operating businesses in regulated industries that are subject to changing regulatory structures, and the inability to complete planned construction, conversion, or growth projects at all, or with the outcomes or within the terms and time frames initially anticipated, including as a result of increased public involvement, intervention, or litigation in such projects. The companies evaluate whether or not recovery of its regulatory assets through future rates is probable and make various assumptions in its analyses, which are generally based on orders issued by regulatory commissions, legislation, judicial actions, past experience, discussions with applicable regulatory authorities and legal counsel, estimated construction costs, and forecasted earnings. The companies are also subject to risks associated with the operation of nuclear facilities, including costs associated with the disposal of spent nuclear fuel, decommissioning, plant maintenance, and changes in existing regulations governing such facilities. Changes in operating, maintenance, and construction costs, as well as domestic terrorism and other threats to the companies' physical and intangible assets, including threats to cybersecurity, are also pertinent. The companies' forward-looking statements are based on beliefs and assumptions using information available at the time the statements are made. The companies caution the reader not to place undue reliance on their forward-looking statements because the assumptions, beliefs, expectations, and projections about future events may, and often do, differ materially from actual results. The companies undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect developments occurring after the statement is made. The analysis of cash flows indicates that operating cash flows net cash provided by the companies' operations increased significantly, primarily due to higher deferred fuel and purchased gas cost recoveries, a decrease in refund payments to Virginia electric customers, and changes in working capital. The companies' planned capital expenditures are subject to approval by the board of directors and may include significant investments in support of its clean energy profile. The implementation of recommendations resulting from the business review is expected to have a material impact on the companies' future results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. The companies are in the process of finalizing their long-term financial plan, which will allow for the conclusion of the review.