In fiscal 2023, demand improved beginning in the second quarter due to typical seasonal factors, coupled with our use of incentives and pricing adjustments to adapt to market conditions. We believe we are well-positioned to meet changing market conditions with our affordable product offerings and lot supply and will manage our home pricing, sales incentives, and number of homes in inventory based on the level of homebuyer demand. Our strategy includes developing and retaining highly experienced and productive teams of personnel throughout our company that are aligned and focused on continuous improvement in our operational execution and financial performance. We are maintaining significant cash balances and a strong overall liquidity position while controlling our level of debt, which provides us with the flexibility to operate effectively through changing economic conditions. We allocate and actively manage our inventory investments across our operating markets to diversify our geographic risk. We continually evaluate our land and lot supply, and fluctuations in revenues and profitability from land sales occur based on how we manage our inventory levels in various markets. We manage our inventory of owned land and lots and homes under construction relative to demand in each of our markets, including starting construction on unsold homes to capture new home demand and actively controlling the number of unsold, completed homes in inventory. We expect to continue offering a higher level of incentives in fiscal 2024 to adjust to changing market conditions and higher mortgage interest rates. Our operating strategy, which has produced positive results in recent years, will allow us to successfully operate through changing economic conditions and maintain our strong financial performance and competitive position. We believe our strong balance sheet and liquidity position provide us with the flexibility to operate effectively through changing economic conditions. Our current levels of cash, borrowing capacity, and balance sheet leverage provide us with the operational flexibility to adjust to changes in economic and market conditions. We expect that our performance obligations secured by letters of credit and bonds will generally be completed in the ordinary course of business and in accordance with the applicable contractual terms. We have continued to increase our investments in our homebuilding and rental inventories to expand our operations. We are also returning capital to our shareholders through dividend payments and repurchases of our common stock. Our financial services operations depend upon its continued ability to renew and extend the committed mortgage repurchase facility or to obtain other additional financing in sufficient capacities. We regularly assess our projected capital requirements to fund growth in our business, repay debt obligations, and maintain sufficient cash and liquidity levels to support our operational needs. Our strategy includes modifying product offerings, sales pace, home prices, and incentives as necessary in each of our markets to meet consumer demand and maintain affordability. We believe our operating strategy, which has produced positive results in recent years, will allow us to successfully operate through changing economic conditions and maintain our strong financial performance and competitive position.