Digital Realty Trust, Inc. delivers comprehensive space, power, and interconnection solutions that enable its customers and partners to connect with each other and service their own customers on a global technology and real estate platform. Our primary business objectives are to maximize sustainable long-term growth in earnings and funds from operations per share and unit, cash flow and returns to our stockholders, and return on invested capital. We expect to accomplish our objectives by achieving superior risk-adjusted returns, prudently allocating capital, diversifying our product offerings, accelerating our global reach and scale, and driving revenue growth and operating efficiencies. A significant component of our current and future internal growth is anticipated through the development of our existing space held for development, acquisition of land for future development, and acquisition of new properties. We target high-quality, strategically located properties containing the physical and connectivity infrastructure that supports the applications and operations of data center and technology industry customers. Most of our data center properties contain fully redundant electrical supply systems, multiple power feeds, above-standard cooling systems, raised floor areas, extensive in-building communications cabling, and high-level security systems. We have developed detailed, standardized procedures for evaluating new real estate investments to ensure that they meet our financial, technical, and other criteria. Our ability to generate and grow revenue depends on several factors, including our ability to maintain or improve occupancy rates. We continue to see strong demand in most of our key metropolitan areas for data center space and expect average aggregate rental rates on renewed data center leases for 2024 expirations to be positive. Our past performance may not be indicative of future results, and we cannot assure you that leases will be renewed or that our data centers will be re-leased at all or at rental rates equal to or above the current average rental rates. We depend on the market for data centers in specific geographic regions, and significant changes in these regional or metropolitan areas can impact our future results. The cost of electric power and other utilities is a significant component of operating expenses, and any additional taxation or regulation of energy use could significantly increase our costs. We expect to incur additional operating expenses as we continue to expand. Our liquidity requirements primarily consist of operating expenses, development costs, distributions to our parent to enable it to make dividend payments, and debt service. We may use available borrowings under our global revolving credit facilities to fund our liquidity requirements from time to time. We actively pursue potential acquisition opportunities, with due diligence and negotiations often at different stages at different times. The dollar value of acquisitions for the year ending December 31, 2024, will depend upon numerous factors, including customer demand, leasing results, availability of debt or equity capital, and acquisition opportunities. We believe our operating partnership's sources of working capital, specifically its cash flow from operations, and funds available under its global revolving credit facility are adequate for it to make its distribution payments to our parent and, in turn, for our parent to make its dividend payments to its stockholders. However, we cannot assure you that our operating partnership's sources of capital will continue to be available at all or in amounts sufficient to meet its needs. The lack of availability of capital could adversely affect our operating partnership's ability to pay its distributions to our parent, which would in turn adversely affect our parent's ability to pay cash dividends to its stockholders.