At Duke Energy, we remain focused on continuing to advance our clean energy transition while maintaining affordability and reliability for our customers and delivering on our commitments to our communities, employees, investors, and other stakeholders. The fundamentals of our business are strong and allow us to deliver growth in earnings and dividends in a low-risk, predictable, and transparent way. In 2023, we continued to make progress, generating positive strategic and regulatory outcomes, navigating rising interest rates, lower volumes due to mild temperatures, and other macroeconomic headwinds, while meeting our near-term financial commitments and continuing to provide the safe and reliable service that our communities depend on. Our industry continues to experience an unprecedented level of change, and 2023 was a dynamic year for our company as we navigated ongoing macroeconomic headwinds and continued to execute on our strategic priorities and deliver on our vision. We are targeting energy generated from coal to represent less than 5% of total generation by 2030 and a full exit by 2035, subject to regulatory approvals, as part of the largest planned coal fleet retirement in the industry. We have made strong progress to date in reducing carbon emissions from electricity generation and have established goals to do more. We are also working to reduce scope 2 and certain scope 3 emissions by 50% by 2035, on the way to net zero by 2050. Our investments will drive substantial economic benefits for the communities we serve and reduce our customers' exposure to fuel volatility. We continue to enhance our customers' experience with our flagship grid improvement program, which helps to ensure the system is better prepared for severe weather, improves the system's reliability and flexibility, and provides better information and services for our customers. Our ability to effectively handle all facets of the storm response efforts while making ongoing investments to enhance the reliability and physical security of the grid, mitigate ongoing macroeconomic challenges, and navigate supply chain constraints is a testament to our team's extensive preparation and coordination. We will continue to work to ensure that our grid and fleet can withstand the stress of extreme weather on our system, evaluate lessons learned, and enhance our strategy and communications to effectively serve our customers now and in the future. Our preparation and robust communications to our customers and communities enhanced our reputation and built stakeholder loyalty and support. We have established the bulk electric system oversight board to provide executive oversight of programs and policies designed to ensure energy adequacy for our customers. We will actively work to advocate for research and development and deployment of carbon-free, dispatchable resources, including longer-duration energy storage, advanced nuclear technologies, carbon capture, and zero-carbon fuels. Our focus on organization simplification, automation, and operational excellence reflects our commitment to resilience strategies that enhance our operational flexibility and adaptability in the face of external pressures and environmental perturbations. We recognize the importance of continuous improvement and the need to confront challenges with strategic initiatives that foster collaboration networks and stakeholder engagement. Our approach to risk management and crisis response is integral to maintaining organizational health and ensuring our long-term success in a turbulent market environment.