Management believes that the financial statements for each of the years in the three-year period ended September 30, 2023 have been prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles appropriate in the circumstances. The company's disclosure controls and procedures ensure that material information required to be disclosed is recorded, processed, summarized, and communicated to management and reported within the required time periods. In meeting its responsibility for the reliability of the financial statements, management relies on a system of internal accounting controls designed to provide reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded and transactions are executed in accordance with management's authorization. The audit committee of the board of directors is responsible for overseeing the company's financial reporting process and meets with management and the company's internal auditors periodically to review the work of each and to monitor the discharge by each of its responsibilities. The company maintains a conservative financial structure to provide the strength and flexibility necessary to achieve strategic objectives and efficiently deploy cash where needed worldwide to fund operations, complete acquisitions, and sustain long-term growth. The company continues to generate substantial operating cash flow, including over $2.7 billion from continuing operations in 2023. Cash flows have been and are expected to be sufficient for at least the next 12 months to meet the company's operating requirements, including those related to salaries and wages, working capital, capital expenditures, and other liquidity requirements associated with operations. The company has been able to readily meet all its funding requirements and currently believes that sufficient funds will be available to meet its needs for the foreseeable future through operating cash flow, existing resources, short- and long-term debt capacity, or its $3.5 billion revolving backup credit facility under which it has not incurred any borrowings. Operating cash flow from continuing operations for 2023 was $2.7 billion, an increase of $678, or 33 percent compared with 2022, reflecting higher earnings. Operating working capital remained elevated in 2023 due to higher inventory levels to support sales growth and higher receivables. The increase for 2022 compared to 2021 was due to higher inventory levels to support sales growth and reflecting supply chain constraints. The company has taken significant actions to accelerate the transformation of its portfolio through the completion of strategic acquisitions and divestitures of non-core businesses. These actions were undertaken to create a higher growth and cohesive industrial technology portfolio as a global automation leader serving a diversified set of end markets. The company recognizes the importance of risk management and has engaged in strategic initiatives to mitigate risks associated with environmental disruptions and operational challenges. The company’s financial position, liquidity, and capital resources reflect its ability to adapt to changing market conditions and maintain operational continuity. The company's management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Based on evaluations, management has concluded that internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2023. The company’s strategic response to external pressures and its focus on operational flexibility are indicative of its commitment to resilience in the face of adversity and changing market dynamics. The company’s ability to absorb strain and preserve functioning despite challenges is reflected in its financial performance and operational strategies.