Our global platform enables scalable, reliable and cost-effective interconnection that increases data traffic exchange while lowering overall cost and increasing flexibility. We continue to monitor the available capacity in each of our selected markets, and to the extent we have limited capacity available in a given market, it may limit our ability for growth in that market. We perform demand studies on an ongoing basis to determine if future expansion is warranted in a market. Our focused business model is built on our critical mass of enterprise and service provider customers and the resulting "marketplace" effect. This global platform, combined with our strong financial position, has continued to drive new customer growth and bookings. We expect our general and administrative expenses to increase across all three regions as we continue to invest in our operations to support our growth, including investments to enhance our technology platform and to integrate recent acquisitions. Our business is primarily based on a recurring revenue model comprised of colocation and related interconnection and managed infrastructure offerings. We consider these offerings recurring because our customers are generally billed on a fixed and recurring basis each month for the duration of their contract. Our recurring revenues have comprised more than 90% of our total revenues during the past three years. Our largest customer accounted for approximately 3% of our recurring revenues for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. Our 50 largest customers accounted for approximately 37%, 36% and 39% of our recurring revenues for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. We have entered into joint ventures to develop and operate xscale data centers to serve the needs of the growing hyperscale data center market, including the world's largest cloud service providers. We will continue to look at attractive opportunities to grow our market share and selectively improve our footprint and offerings. Our expansion criteria will be dependent on a number of factors, including demand from new and existing customers, quality of the design, power capacity, access to networks, clouds and software partners, capacity availability in the current market location, and amount of incremental investment required by us in the targeted property. We believe we have sufficient cash, coupled with anticipated cash generated from operating activities and external financing sources, to meet our operating requirements, including repayment of the current portion of our debt as it becomes due, distribution of dividends, and completion of our publicly-announced acquisitions. We expect our americas sales and marketing expenses as a percentage of revenues to be higher than those of our other regions since certain global sales and marketing functions are located within the U.S. Our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2023 include the results of operations from a data center in Peru acquired from Entel from August 1, 2022, four data centers in Chile acquired from Entel from May 2, 2022 and the acquisition of MainOne from April 1, 2022. We continue to evaluate our operating requirements and financial resources in light of future developments. Our adjusted EBITDA results have increased each year in total dollars due to the improved operating results discussed earlier, as well as due to the nature of our business model consisting of a recurring revenue stream and a cost structure which has a large base that is fixed in nature. We believe that the inclusion of non-GAAP financial measures provides consistency and comparability with past reports and provides a better understanding of the overall performance of the business and ability to perform in subsequent periods. We expect to continue investing in sales and marketing initiatives across our three regions in line with the growth of our business.