We are an independent oil and natural gas company focused on the acquisition, development, exploration, and exploitation of unconventional, onshore oil and natural gas reserves primarily in the Permian Basin in West Texas. The war in Ukraine and the Israel-Hamas war, rising interest rates, global supply chain disruptions, concerns about a potential economic downturn or recession, and measures to combat persistent inflation and instability in the financial sector have contributed to recent economic and pricing volatility and may continue to impact pricing throughout 2023. Our cash operating costs were $10.90 per boe, including lease operating expenses of $5.34 per boe, cash general and administrative expenses of $0.59 per boe, and production and ad valorem taxes and gathering, processing, and transportation expenses of $4.97 per boe. We expect to maintain flat production throughout the year with less capital and activity than 2023, thereby promoting our commitment to capital efficiency. We have currently budgeted 2024 total capital spend of $2.30 billion to $2.55 billion, which at the midpoint is a reduction of 10% year over year due to a combination of lower well costs and lower activity expected in 2024. Should commodity prices weaken, we intend to act responsibly and, consistent with our prior practices, reduce capital spending. If commodity prices strengthen, we intend to maintain flat oil production, pay down indebtedness, and return cash to our stockholders. Our long-term priority is to return cash to stockholders, and we believe using free cash flow to pay down newly-added debt is in the best long-term interest of our stockholders. We have currently budgeted 2024 total capital spend of $2.30 billion to $2.55 billion, which at the midpoint is a reduction of 10% year over year due to a combination of lower well costs and lower activity expected in 2024. We expect to drill approximately 275 wells and turn approximately 310 wells to production, with almost 30% of those wells expected to be turned to production in the first quarter of 2024. Our operating cash flow is sensitive to many variables, the most significant of which is the volatility of prices for the oil and natural gas we produce. Prices for these commodities are determined primarily by prevailing market conditions, which are influenced by regional and worldwide economic activity, weather, and other substantially variable factors. We enter into derivative contracts with a number of financial institutions to economically hedge a portion of our estimated future crude oil and natural gas production to mitigate this volatility. Our future ability to grow proved reserves and production will be highly dependent on the capital resources available to us. Continued prolonged volatility in the capital, financial, and/or credit markets due to the war in Ukraine and the Israel-Hamas war, and/or adverse macroeconomic conditions may limit our access to, or increase our cost of, capital or make capital unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. The assessment of the realizability of our deferred tax assets entails that we make estimates of, and assumptions about, future events, including the pattern of reversal of taxable temporary differences and our future income from operations. The determination to maintain a valuation allowance on certain tax attributes acquired from QEP and certain state NOL carryforwards is based on an evaluation of available positive and negative evidence, including the anticipated timing of reversal of the company's deferred tax liabilities in the applicable jurisdictions. We have no debt maturities until 2026, and as of December 31, 2023, we had approximately $2.2 billion of liquidity consisting of $556 million in standalone cash and cash equivalents and $1.6 billion available under our credit facility.