We believe the actions we have taken in recent years to build a solid balance sheet and maintain flexible organic growth options while maintaining liquidity will allow us to continue to execute our business plans in a prudent manner and preserve substantial future asset values. We closely monitor market conditions and will continue to adjust our operating plans, including capital expenditures, to protect our liquidity and preserve our asset values, as necessary. Our financial results vary as a result of fluctuations in market prices primarily for copper, gold, and, to a lesser extent, molybdenum, as well as other factors. We are advancing a series of initiatives across our North America and South America operations to incorporate new applications, technologies, and data analytics to our leaching processes. These leach innovation initiatives are providing opportunities to produce incremental copper from our large existing leach stockpiles. We are pursuing opportunities to apply recent operational enhancements at a larger scale and are testing new technology applications that we believe have the potential for significant increases in recoverable metal beyond the initial annual run rate target. We have significant mineral reserves, mineral resources, and future development opportunities within our portfolio of mining assets. Our estimated consolidated recoverable proven and probable mineral reserves totaled 104.1 billion pounds of copper, 24.5 million ounces of gold, and 3.34 billion pounds of molybdenum. We are focused on executing our operating and investment plans, which include substantial investments in underground mine development and expansion projects. Our operations are subject to various national, state, and local environmental laws and regulations that govern emissions and discharges, and compliance with these laws requires significant expenditures. We perform a comprehensive annual review of our environmental obligations and also review changes in facts and circumstances associated with these obligations at least quarterly. We are a founding member of the International Council on Mining & Metals (ICMM), aiming to strengthen ESG performance across the global mining and metals industry. Our commitment to building upon our achievements in sustainability and our position as a leading responsible copper producer is reflected in our annual climate report detailing our ongoing progress to advance our climate strategy focused on reducing greenhouse gas emissions and enhancing our resilience to climate risks. We have achieved the Copper Mark and/or Molybdenum Mark at all of our sites globally, demonstrating our responsible production performance. Our underground mining operations at the Grasberg Minerals District in Indonesia continue to perform well, with copper and gold production increasing in each of the past three years, including achievement of multiple operating records during 2023. We are also advancing a series of initiatives across our North America and South America operations to incorporate new applications, technologies, and data analytics to our leaching processes. We believe that we have a high-quality portfolio of long-lived copper assets that are positioned to generate long-term value, and we remain focused on executing our operating and investment plans. We expect to maintain a strong balance sheet and liquidity position as we focus on building long-term value in our business, executing our operating plans safely, responsibly, and efficiently, and prudently managing costs and capital expenditures.