Our revenue from continuing operations is primarily derived from a combination of technology and processing solutions, transaction processing fees, professional services, and software license fees. These solutions are considered critical to our clients' operations, providing a degree of stability to our revenue stream. We continue to assist financial institutions and other businesses in migrating to outsourced integrated technology solutions to improve their profitability and address increasing regulatory requirements. As a provider of outsourced solutions, we benefit from multi-year recurring revenue streams, which help moderate the effects of broader year-to-year economic and market changes. We believe our integrated solutions and outsourced services are well-positioned to address this outsourcing trend across the markets we serve. We continue to invest in modernization, innovation, and integrated solutions to meet the demands of the markets we serve and compete with global banks, financial and other technology providers, and emerging technology innovators. Our internal development activities have related primarily to the modernization of our proprietary core systems, design and development of next-generation digital and innovative solutions, and development of processing systems and related software applications and risk management platforms. We expect to continue to invest an appropriate level of resources to maintain, enhance, and extend the functionality of our proprietary systems and existing software applications, to develop new and innovative software applications and systems to address emerging technology trends in response to the needs of our clients, and to enhance the capabilities of our outsourcing infrastructure. The magnitude of future effects of slower economic growth, including lengthy sales cycles and inflation, is difficult to predict, although these factors have had an adverse effect on our results of operations and may continue to have a negative effect. We believe that payment processors that have scalable, integrated business models, provide solutions across the payment processing value chain, and utilize broad distribution capabilities will be best positioned to enable emerging alternative electronic payment technologies in the long term. The continued growth in the frequency, complexity, and sophistication of cyberattacks presents both a threat and an opportunity for us. Using expertise gained from our ongoing focus and investment, we have developed and offer fraud, security, risk management, and compliance solutions to target this growth opportunity in the financial services industry. We have also entered into commercial agreements with worldpay to preserve a key value proposition for clients and minimize potential dis-synergies. In November 2022, we launched an enterprise-wide efficiency program, Future Forward, with a focus on streamlining operations, accelerating time to market of new solutions, and improving profitability and cash flow. As of December 31, 2023, we achieved annualized run-rate future forward cash savings of over $550 million, including over $370 million of operational expense savings and approximately $180 million of capital expense savings. We continue to expect cash savings exiting 2024 of $1.0 billion, of which over 75 percent represents run-rate cash savings. We seek to mitigate the risks of consolidations by offering other competitive solutions to take advantage of specific opportunities at the surviving company. Our diversified customer base, with no single customer accounting for more than approximately 2% of revenue from continuing operations, positions us to manage risks associated with economic fluctuations. We believe that our current level of cash and cash equivalents, plus cash flows from operations, will be sufficient to fund our operating cash requirements, capital expenditures, and mandatory debt service payments for the next 12 months and the foreseeable future.