Our vision for the future is a world with zero crashes, zero emissions, and zero congestion. We will adapt to customer preferences while executing our growth-focused strategy to invest in electric vehicles, hybrids, autonomous vehicles, software-enabled services, and other new business opportunities. To support strong margins and cash flow during this transition, we are strengthening our market position in profitable internal combustion engine vehicles, such as trucks and SUVs. Our financial performance in 2023 was driven by the success of high-margin products despite several headwinds, including higher interest rates and inflationary pressures, supply chain and logistics challenges, and work stoppages associated with recent labor negotiations. This performance was due to the strength of our vehicle portfolio, strong consumer demand, and execution of our core business strategy, focused on fixed cost reduction and pricing discipline. We announced our intention to implement a cost reduction program to reduce automotive fixed costs by $2.0 billion on an annual run rate basis by the end of 2024. In addition to people costs, we are reducing our marketing and advertising expenses, streamlining our engineering expense by reducing complexity across the vehicle portfolio, adjusting the cadence of our electric vehicle launches due to customer demand, and reprioritizing growth initiatives. As we continue to assess our performance and the needs of our evolving business, additional restructuring and rationalization actions could be required. The collective bargaining agreement with the UAW, which expired on September 14, 2023, led to a strike that caused stoppages to some vehicle production and parts distribution activities across our U.S. operations, resulting in an unfavorable impact on net income. We face continuing market, operating, and regulatory challenges due to competitive pressures, our product portfolio offerings, heightened emission standards, labor disruptions, foreign exchange volatility, and evolving trade policy. Our outlook is dependent on the resiliency of the U.S. economy, continuing improvement of supply chain availability, and overall economic conditions. We view the Chinese market as important to our global growth strategy and are employing a multi-brand strategy while maintaining strong relationships with our joint venture partners. The ongoing supply chain disruptions and geopolitical tensions continue to place pressure on our operations in China. We are pursuing the development and commercialization of autonomous vehicle technology, and a recent incident led to a pause in operations to rebuild public trust while we undertake a comprehensive safety review. We expect this orderly pause and associated restructuring actions will significantly reduce liquidity needs in 2024. Our capital allocation program focuses on growing our business, maintaining a strong investment-grade balance sheet, and returning available cash to shareholders. We continue to monitor and evaluate opportunities to strengthen our competitive position over the long term while maintaining a strong investment-grade balance sheet. Our liquidity plans are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those related to market conditions and other factors outside of our control. We believe our current levels of cash, cash equivalents, and available borrowing capacity are sufficient to meet our liquidity requirements in the short- and long-term.