The global economy continues to experience volatile disruptions including to the commodity, labor and transportation markets, arising from a combination of geopolitical events and various economic and financial factors. These disruptions have affected the company's operations and may continue to affect the company's business, financial condition and results of operations. The company continues to monitor economic conditions in the U.S. and globally, and the impact of macroeconomic pressures, including repercussions from changes in interest rates, currency exchange fluctuations, inflation and a potential recession on the company's business, customers, suppliers and other third parties. As a result of continued inflation, the company has implemented strategies designed to mitigate certain adverse effects of higher costs while also remaining market price competitive. Historically, the company's broad and diverse customer base and the nondiscretionary nature of the company's products to its customers has helped to insulate it from the effects of recessionary periods in the industrial MRO market. The company expects to continue to invest in its business and return excess cash to shareholders through cash dividends and share repurchases, which it plans to fund through cash flows generated from operations. The increase in cash was primarily due to cash flows from operations and favorable year-over-year working capital, partially offset by higher capital expenditures and higher volume of share repurchases. The company had approximately $1.9 billion in available liquidity as of December 31, 2023. The increase in working capital was primarily due to sustained sales growth and inventory management driven by supply chain efficiencies compared to the prior year period. Grainger maintains a debt ratio and liquidity position that provides flexibility in funding working capital needs and long-term cash requirements. The company believes its current balances of cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities and availability under its revolving credit facilities will be sufficient to meet its liquidity needs for the next twelve months. The company has various sources of financing available. The company expects to continue to return excess capital to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. The company has implemented strategies designed to mitigate certain adverse effects of higher costs while also remaining market price competitive. The company’s strategic aspiration for 2024 is to relentlessly expand Grainger's leadership position by being the go-to partner for people who build and run safe, sustainable, and productive operations. To achieve this, each Grainger business has a set of strategic growth drivers to drive top-line revenue and MRO market outgrowth. The company is focused on continuously enhancing operational processes to improve service and cost through customer experience, technology and supply chain infrastructure which ultimately delivers long-term returns for shareholders. The company believes its non-GAAP measures provide meaningful information to assist investors in understanding financial results and assessing prospects for future performance as they provide a better baseline for analyzing the ongoing performance of its businesses by excluding items that may not be indicative of core operating results. The company does not expect these business exits to have a material effect on its future results of operations. The company has implemented strategies designed to mitigate certain adverse effects of higher costs while also remaining market price competitive. The company continues to monitor economic conditions in the U.S. and globally, and the impact of macroeconomic pressures, including repercussions from changes in interest rates, currency exchange fluctuations, inflation and a potential recession on the company's business, customers, suppliers and other third parties.