Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is intended to provide readers with perspectives that allow for a comprehensive understanding of the organization’s strategies, current trends, and future prospects. Our growth strategy depends upon our ability to initiate and embrace disruptive technology trends, to enter new markets, and to drive broad adoption of the products and services we develop and market. The ongoing operation and availability of our platforms and systems and those of our external service providers is becoming increasingly important as we offer more online services. We face risks associated with the hosting, collection, use, and retention of personal customer information and data, which necessitates significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities. We are investing significant resources in our product development, marketing, and sales capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. The strength of our third-party business relationships and our ability to continue to develop, maintain, and strengthen new and existing relationships are critical to our future growth. We operate in industries that are experiencing an increasing amount of fraudulent activities by malicious third parties, which requires us to implement additional security measures and work with state and federal governments to protect our customers against this type of fraud. The seasonal pattern of our consumer and protax offerings typically results in higher net revenues during specific periods, indicating the need for operational flexibility and adaptability in our business model. We believe that understanding industry trends is important for comprehending our financial results and future prospects, especially in a highly competitive environment where customer expectations are shifting. Our total service and other revenue was $12.4 billion, or 86% of our total revenue in fiscal 2023, and we expect this to continue to grow. We derive our revenue primarily from the sale of online services, and our contracts with customers often include promises to transfer multiple products and services, requiring judgment and estimates within the revenue recognition process. The acquisition method of accounting requires us to exercise judgment and make significant estimates regarding the fair values of the elements of a business combination, which can materially affect our operating income and net income. We evaluate cash flows at the reporting unit level, and significant judgment is required to estimate the amount and timing of future cash flows and the relative risk of achieving those cash flows. We also make judgments about the comparability of publicly traded companies engaged in similar businesses, which informs our strategic management and operational decisions. The ability to foresee, confront, and benefit from sudden disruptive change is essential for our organizational resilience, enabling us to survive, grow, and flourish in a complex and dynamic business environment.