Open surgery remains the predominant form of surgery; however, the large incisions required create trauma to patients, resulting in longer hospitalization and recovery times. Minimally invasive surgery (MIS) has reduced trauma by allowing selected surgeries to be performed through small ports. The da Vinci surgical systems enable surgeons to extend the benefits of MIS to many patients who would otherwise undergo more invasive surgery by using computational, robotic, and imaging technologies. Our technology is designed to provide surgeons with a range of articulation of the surgical instruments used in the surgical field, while filtering out inherent tremors. We focus on making our technology easy and safe to use, aiming to decrease variability by providing dependable, consistent functionality and an integrated user experience. We take a holistic approach, offering intelligent technology and systems designed to work together to make MIS interventions more available and applicable. The success of the da Vinci SP surgical system is dependent on positive experiences and improved clinical outcomes, as well as securing additional clinical clearances. We are actively engaged in activities to mitigate the impact of supply chain disruptions on our operations, which may arise from global shortages in important components, inflationary cost pressures, and labor shortages. These factors have not materially impacted our results of operations or ability to deliver products and services to our customers, although supply constraints could delay finished product deliveries. We are highly dependent on our management and scientific staff, and the loss of critical members or inability to attract and retain qualified personnel could significantly harm our operations. Hospitals continue to face staffing and cost pressures, which could affect their ability to provide patient care. The financial pressures and decreased profitability have contributed to a softening in our U.S. capital pipeline, impacting demand for capital. Our strategy is to provide hospitals with attractive clinical and economical solutions across the spectrum of procedure complexity, which reflects our adaptability to changing market conditions. We have commercialized several da Vinci surgical systems and have received regulatory clearance for various procedures, which supports our resilience in navigating complex regulatory environments. Our recurring revenue has increased significantly, indicating a growing reliance on our systems and services. The installed base of da Vinci surgical systems has grown, reflecting continued procedure adoption and validation of robotic-assisted surgery addressing healthcare objectives. We expect future placements of da Vinci surgical systems will be impacted by factors such as supply chain risks, economic and geopolitical factors, inflationary pressures, and evolving system utilization dynamics. Our investments in product development and operational management are aimed at enhancing our capabilities and ensuring operational continuity, which are essential for maintaining performance under pressure and adapting to external disturbances. The ongoing development of our robotic-assisted systems and the expansion of our service offerings are critical to our strategic resilience and ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions.