Throughout this MD&A, we refer to financial measures that have not been calculated in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S., or GAAP, and are therefore referred to as non-GAAP financial measures. We believe these measures provide our investors with additional information about our underlying results and trends, as well as insight into some of the financial measures used to evaluate management. Our growth strategy is built on two pillars. Elevate our core business is our first pillar and is driven by delivering value-added innovations and driving category opportunities. Expanding our markets is our second pillar and emphasizes personal care. Both strategies are enabled by our focus on accelerating and investing in our commercial capabilities through digital marketing, revenue growth management, consumer-inspired innovation, and strong in-market execution. Our strong legacy of financial discipline supports our growth strategy by driving ongoing supply chain productivity through our force program, controlling discretionary spending, driving down working capital, and maintaining the top-tier return on invested capital. We continue to focus on generating cash flow and allocating capital to shareholders. Cash provided by operations was $3.5 billion in 2023. We raised our dividend in 2023 by 2 percent, the 51st consecutive annual increase in our dividend. Our results of operations have been, and we expect them to continue to be, affected by the following factors and key trends, which may cause our future results of operations to differ from our historical results. The macro business environment has experienced unprecedented volatility in recent years reflecting the effects of the global COVID-19 pandemic on supply and demand dynamics. We have seen stabilization in demand across all of our business segments during 2022 and 2023, and we expect this trend to continue. The pandemic significantly disrupted supply chains across the globe, primarily due to the very significant fluctuations in demand and related transportation and labor supply issues. Our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to expand our operations, including in developing and emerging markets. Some of these markets have greater political, economic, and currency volatility and greater vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions. Volatility in these markets affects our production costs and the demand for our products and may impact our supply chain and distribution networks. We continue to progress toward our 2030 sustainability goals which include elements that aim for reductions in greenhouse gas emissions, use of natural forest fibers, use of plastics, and use of water in water-stressed regions. We are actively monitoring the situation in Russia and have implemented significant adjustments to our business there. Our ability to continue our operations in Russia may change as the situation evolves. We are also monitoring the increased risk of cyber-based attacks as a result of the war in Ukraine and have implemented additional cybersecurity measures designed to address the evolving threat landscape. We believe our strategic growth focus, sustainability initiatives, innovation pipeline, and continued investment in e-commerce capabilities have us well positioned relative to these changing dynamics. We are subject to risks and uncertainties, which can affect our business operations and financial results. We do not expect restrictions or taxes on repatriation of cash held outside of the U.S. to have a material effect on our overall business, liquidity, financial condition, or results of operations for the foreseeable future. We believe that our ability to generate cash from operations and our capacity to issue short-term and long-term debt are adequate to fund working capital, capital spending, pension contributions, dividends, and other needs for the foreseeable future.