Persistent macroeconomic pressures impacted our DIY customer demand in fiscal 2023, particularly in bigger-ticket purchases. Despite these challenges, we are committed to highlighting value and convenience, both in our stores and online, to a price-conscious consumer, while maintaining a balanced focus on profitability. Our perpetual productivity improvement initiatives allowed us the flexibility to control costs and respond to changes in demand. The core demand drivers of our business that we track are disposable personal income, home price appreciation, and the age of the housing stock. Trends such as millennial household formation, elderly preference to age in place, and a persistence of remote work support the home improvement market, and we believe we are well-positioned to execute our strategic plan. Our focus will remain on making the right investments in our total home strategy while executing on our productivity improvement initiatives through the near-term market uncertainty to drive meaningful long-term shareholder value. Cash flows from operations, combined with our continued access to capital markets on both a short-term and long-term basis, as needed, remain adequate to fund our operations, make strategic investments to support long-term growth, return excess cash to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases, and repay debt maturities as they become due. We believe these sources of liquidity will continue to support our business for the next twelve months. The decrease in net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended February 2, 2024, compared to the year ended February 3, 2023, was primarily due to timing of income tax payments and lower net earnings adjusted for non-cash expenses, partially offset by other changes in working capital. Inventory declined in the current year as we managed inventory replenishment in line with sales trends and improved the timing of the spring product build. We have an ongoing share repurchase program, authorized by the company's board of directors, that is executed through purchases made from time to time either in the open market or through private off-market transactions. Our capital expenditures generally consist of investments in our strategic initiatives to enhance our ability to serve customers, improve existing stores, and support expansion plans. We may adjust our capital expenditures, if necessary or appropriate, to support our operations, to enhance long-term strategic positioning, or in response to the economic environment. Our impairment evaluations require us to apply judgment in determining whether a triggering event has occurred, including the evaluation of whether it is more likely than not that a location will be closed or an asset will be otherwise disposed of significantly before the end of its previously estimated useful life. Our self-insurance liabilities increased approximately $34 million to $1.1 billion as of February 2, 2024. These estimates are subject to changes in the regulatory environment, utilized discount rate, projected exposures including payroll, sales and vehicle units, as well as the frequency, lag and severity of claims. We believe that we have the ability to reasonably estimate losses related to claims, but it is possible that actual results could differ from recorded self-insurance liabilities. A 10% change in our self-insurance liability would have affected net earnings by approximately $83 million for fiscal 2023. We also apply judgment in estimating asset fair values, including the selection of an appropriate discount rate for fair values determined using an income approach. If the actual results are not consistent with the assumptions and estimates used, we could be exposed to additional adjustments that could positively or negatively impact gross margin and inventory.