Our customer support business group provides products and services to maximize installed equipment performance, predictability, and operational efficiency. Several factors create opportunity for sustainable differentiation for us: our focus on research and development, with several ongoing programs relating to sustaining engineering, product and process development, and concept and feasibility; our ability to effectively leverage cycles of learning from our broad installed base; our collaborative focus with semi-ecosystem partners; our ability to identify and invest in the breadth of our product portfolio to meet technology inflections; and our focus on delivering our multi-product solutions with a goal to enhance the value of Lam's solutions to our customers. We aim to balance the requirements of our customers with the availability of resources, as well as performance to our operational and financial objectives. As a result, from time to time, we exercise discretion and judgment as to the timing and prioritization of manufacturing and deliveries of products, which has impacted, including in the current fiscal year, and may in the future impact, the timing of revenue recognition with respect to such products. Risks and uncertainties related to trade restrictions, supply chain challenges, and inflationary pressures may continue to negatively impact our revenue and gross margin. In fiscal year 2023, we initiated a restructuring plan designed to better align our cost structure with our outlook for the economic environment and business opportunities. Under the plan, we terminated approximately 1,650 employees, incurring expenses related to employee severance and separation costs. Additionally, we made a strategic decision to relocate certain manufacturing activities to pre-existing facilities and incurred costs to move inventory and equipment and exit selected supplier arrangements. We believe that secular demand for semiconductors combined with technology inflections in our industry, including 3D device scaling, multiple patterning, process flow, and advanced packaging chip integration, will drive sustainable growth and lead to an increase in the served available market for our products and services in the deposition, etch, and clean businesses. Our cash flows provided from operating activities were primarily used for treasury stock purchases, dividends paid to our stockholders, and capital expenditures. Given that the semiconductor industry is highly competitive and has historically experienced rapid changes in demand, we believe that maintaining sufficient liquidity reserves is important to support sustaining levels of investment in R&D and capital infrastructure. Anticipated cash flows from operations based on our current business outlook, combined with our current levels of cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments, are expected to be sufficient to support our anticipated levels of operations, investments, debt service requirements, capital expenditures, capital redistributions, and dividends through at least the next twelve months. However, factors outside of our control, including uncertainty in the global economy and the semiconductor industry, as well as disruptions in credit markets, have in the past, are currently, and could in the future, impact customer demand for our products, as well as our ability to manage normal commercial relationships with our customers, suppliers, and creditors. In the longer term, liquidity will depend to a great extent on our future revenues and our ability to appropriately manage our costs based on demand for our products and services. We believe that, if necessary, we will be able to access the capital markets on terms and in amounts adequate to meet our objectives.