Management's assessment of internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The company is in the process of implementing a comprehensive, multi-year technology and operating model transformation across multiple areas of the business in an effort to modernize processes and create efficiencies. This technology transformation will include the implementation of certain new systems. The company is performing this implementation in the ordinary course of business to increase efficiency and to modernize the tools and technology used in its key financial processes. The company has concluded that consolidation of any such entity is not appropriate for the periods presented. The company evaluates its business relationships to identify potential variable interest entities. The company has a share-based compensation plan, which authorizes the granting of various equity-based incentives including stock options and restricted stock units to employees and nonemployee directors. The company maintains effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in internal control-integrated framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The company has incurred costs related to its strategic initiatives aimed at elevating performance and unlocking further growth. The company’s internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company. The company’s management believes that the internal control over financial reporting is effective and that the design and operating effectiveness of key control activities will continue to align with updated business processes and capabilities of the new financial systems. The company is subject to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and files periodic reports, proxy statements, and other information with the SEC. The company’s internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements due to inherent limitations. The company has made cash payments related to its operating and finance lease liabilities, which are recorded within operating activities on the consolidated statement of cash flows. The company has also entered into contracts to hedge market-driven changes in certain of the liabilities. The company is exposed to global market risks, including the effect of changes in interest rates and foreign currency fluctuations. The company uses foreign currency denominated debt and derivative instruments to mitigate the impact of these changes. The company’s management, including the CEO and CFO, confirm there has been no change in the company’s internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the company’s internal control over financial reporting. The company’s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes. The company’s management assesses the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, and believes that it is effective. The company intends to satisfy the disclosure requirements regarding any applicable amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of its standards of business conduct by disclosing such information on its investor website.