Our strategy is to drive long-term growth by focusing on four strategic priorities: accelerating consumer-centric growth, driving operational excellence, creating a winning growth culture, and scaling sustainable snacking. We will continue to proactively manage our business in response to the evolving global economic environment, related uncertainty, and business risks while also prioritizing and supporting our employees and customers. We continue to take steps to mitigate impacts to our supply chain, operations, technology, and assets. We cannot predict if the recent strength in our Russian business will continue in the future. Our operations in Russia are subject to risks, including the temporary or permanent loss of assets or our ability to conduct business operations in Russia and the partial or full impairment of our Russian assets in future periods, or the termination of our business operations, based on actions taken by Russia, other parties, or us. We continue to evaluate the situation in Ukraine and Russia and our ability to control our operating activities and businesses on an ongoing basis and comply with applicable international sanctions. We believe that snacks continue to be a source of comfort as well as excitement and variety for consumers. We seek to continue to offer snacks that meet consumer needs and preferences and align with our strategic priorities. We monitor consumer spending and our market share within the food and beverage categories in which we sell our products. We manage these costs through cost-saving and productivity initiatives, sourcing and hedging programs, pricing actions, refinancing, and tax planning. We experienced significantly higher operating costs, including higher overall raw material and labor costs that have continued to rise. We believe our ability to generate substantial cash from operating activities and readily access capital markets and secure financing at competitive rates are key strengths and give us significant flexibility to meet our short- and long-term financial commitments. We expect to continue to utilize our commercial paper program and international credit lines as needed. Our investment in JDE Peet's provides us additional flexibility. Overall, we do not expect negative effects to our funding sources that would have a material effect on our liquidity, and we continue to monitor our global operations including the impact of ongoing or new developments in Ukraine and the Middle East. We address higher commodity costs and currency impacts primarily through hedging, higher pricing, and manufacturing and overhead cost control. We use hedging techniques to limit the impact of fluctuations in the cost of our principal raw materials; however, we may not be able to fully hedge against commodity cost changes. We believe there will continue to be an adequate supply of the raw materials we use and that they will generally remain available. We believe the successful implementation of our strategic priorities and leveraging of our attractive global footprint, strong core of iconic global and local brands, marketing, sales, distribution, and cost excellence capabilities, and top talent with a growth mindset will drive consistent top- and bottom-line growth, enabling us to continue to create long-term value for our shareholders.