Our outlook reflects continued uncertainty around inflation and unemployment in 2024, and we expect to maintain our holding company cash target. Our continued capital stress testing and longstanding commitment to liquidity position us to withstand a variety of economic conditions. We are closely monitoring political and economic conditions that might contribute to global market volatility and impact our business operations, investment portfolio, and derivatives. We continually review our assumptions, implement mitigation plans, and take precautions. The financial and economic environment has been affecting the industry, and we are impacted by conditions in the global financial markets and the economy generally due to our market presence in numerous countries. We believe that our investment portfolio is highly diversified and positioned to perform well in a variety of economic scenarios. Management actions to manage the impact of a changing U.S. interest rate environment include maintaining diversification across products, distribution channels, and geographies while proactively evaluating interest rate and product strategies. We apply disciplined asset/liability management strategies, including the use of derivatives, to mitigate risks. Our ability to take such actions may be limited by competition, regulatory approval requirements, or minimum crediting rate guarantees. We have established several senior management committees as part of our capital management process, which regularly review actual and projected capital levels and our annual capital plan. The capital management committee is responsible for overseeing capital and risk positions, approving asset/liability management strategies, and establishing corporate risk standards and policies. We manage our capital position to maintain our financial strength and credit ratings, and we proactively take actions to maintain capital consistent with these ratings objectives. Our liquidity management includes managing our level of liquid assets, which was $19.2 billion at December 31, 2023. We conduct cash flow and stress testing, which include various scenarios of potential risks. We have various alternatives available depending on market conditions and the amount and timing of liquidity needs, including cash flows from operations and sales of liquid assets. We believe there will be sufficient liquidity and capital to enable us to meet demands, including capital contributions to subsidiaries and payment of dividends. We have an integrated process for managing risk, supported by a risk appetite statement approved by the board of directors. The risk management process is overseen through multiple board and senior management risk committees, which ensure comprehensive coverage and sharing of risk reporting. We continuously monitor and analyze all material risks impacting the enterprise, including market, credit, insurance, non-financial, and liquidity risks. Our economic capital model measures the risk in the business and provides a basis for capital deployment, aligning segment allocated equity with emerging standards. We actively manage our assets using a liability-driven approach, balancing quality, diversification, asset/liability matching, liquidity, concentration, and investment return. The asset/liability management process is a shared responsibility among various departments, ensuring that all material risks are properly identified, measured, monitored, managed, and reported across the company.