The company helps clients build the confidence to thrive through the power of perspective of its four market-leading businesses. The results of operations in the management discussion & analysis include an overview of the company's consolidated results compared to prior periods and a discussion of the key drivers impacting the company's financial results. The macroeconomic and geopolitical environment, including multiple major wars and rising tensions, has the potential to impact the company's business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. The company believes that its non-GAAP financial measures provide useful supplemental information that enables investors to better compare the company's performance across periods and to assess the operating performance of its businesses and to decide how to allocate resources. The company anticipates total charges related to restructuring activities to be approximately $475 million, with related estimated savings expected to be approximately $400 million. The company continues to refine its detailed plans for each business and location, which may change the expected timing, estimates of expected costs, and related savings. The company has incurred restructuring costs primarily related to workforce actions, technology rationalization, and reductions in real estate. The company completed 14 acquisitions in 2023, which reflects its strategy to adapt and respond to market demands and opportunities. The increase in revenue in 2023 reflects the continued demand for the company's advice and solutions, growth in new business and renewals, and investments in talent and capabilities. The company's results also benefited from growth in the global economy, inflation, higher insurance and reinsurance pricing, and an increase in fiduciary income due to higher interest rates. The company incurred a total of $301 million for restructuring activities in 2023, compared to $427 million in 2022. The company continues to monitor legislative developments and evaluates the potential impact of changes in tax laws on its operations. The company has a significant portion of its revenue and operating profit derived from operating subsidiaries located outside of the U.S., and it expects to continue its practice of repatriating available funds from its non-U.S. operating subsidiaries. The company has recorded foreign currency translation adjustments which increased net equity, and continued weakening of the U.S. dollar against foreign currencies would further increase the translated U.S. dollar value of the company's net investments in its non-U.S. subsidiaries. The company has made contributions to its defined benefit pension plans and expects to maintain a funded status of 80% or more of the liability determined in accordance with applicable law. The company recognizes the funded status of its defined benefit pension and retiree medical plans as a net benefit plan asset and its unfunded and underfunded plans as a net benefit plan liability. The company is organized as a legal entity separate and distinct from its operating subsidiaries and is dependent upon dividends and other payments from its operating subsidiaries to meet its obligations. The company has outstanding guarantees and letters of credit with various banks, and it has increased its credit facility capacity to support its liquidity needs. The company continues to evaluate its global investment and repatriation strategy in light of its capital requirements and potential costs of repatriation. The company recognizes that its ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform itself to emerge stronger from challenging situations is crucial for its long-term success and resilience.