In this MD&A section, we discuss factors that have impacted our business as of the date of this Form 10-K, including the cumulative effects of inflation, geopolitical events, recent regulatory actions, supply chain disruptions, and illegal flavored disposable e-vapor products and their effects or potential effects on our business, including impacts on adult tobacco consumers and their purchasing behaviors. We continue to monitor the evolving macroeconomic and geopolitical landscapes. We will continue to monitor the effect of these dynamics on adult tobacco consumer purchase behaviors, including overall tobacco product expenditures, mix between premium and discount brand purchases, and adoption of smoke-free products. We expect discretionary income pressures to continue to influence adult tobacco consumers' purchase behaviors in 2024. Volatility in domestic and global economies and disruptions in the supply and distribution chains are expected to continue in 2024, resulting from several factors, including supply and demand imbalances across many commodity sectors, raw materials availability, and geopolitical events. We continue to work to mitigate the potential negative impacts of these macroeconomic and geopolitical dynamics on our businesses through, among other actions, proactive engagement with current and potential suppliers and distributors, the development of alternative sourcing strategies, entry into long-term supply contracts, and prudent oversight of our liquidity. The trends and developments discussed above have not had a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial statements, but we continue to monitor these trends and developments and potential financial impacts. Additionally, we do not believe that these trends and developments have materially impacted our ability to achieve our vision. As the trends and developments discussed above evolve and new ones emerge, we will continue to evaluate the potential impacts on our business, investments, and vision. We have a leading portfolio of tobacco products for U.S. tobacco consumers age 21+. Our vision is to responsibly lead the transition of adult smokers to a smoke-free future. We are moving beyond smoking, leading the way in moving adult smokers away from cigarettes by taking action to transition millions to potentially less harmful choices, believing it is a substantial opportunity for adult tobacco consumers, our businesses, and society. We established our 2028 enterprise goals to provide our investors with specific metrics to measure our progress. We continue to observe discretionary income pressures on adult tobacco consumers as a result of the cumulative effects of inflation and higher consumer debt levels. The primary impacts of this trend have been an increase in the rate of cross-category movement among adult cigarette smokers, contributing to higher than expected domestic cigarette industry volume declines as well as declines in pod-based product volume within the e-vapor category. Tobacco companies are subject to broad and evolving regulatory and legislative frameworks that could have a material impact on our business. We continue to monitor these conditions and other factors as they could affect our equity earnings and dividends that we receive from ABI and the fair value of our investment in ABI. We will continue to evaluate the potential impacts on our business, investments, and vision as the trends and developments discussed above evolve and new ones emerge.