Management has established procedures based on legal and regulatory requirements designed to facilitate compliance with applicable statutory and regulatory requirements and to ensure that our policies relating to business conduct, ethics, and practices are followed globally. The heightened legal and regulatory focus on the financial services and banking industries globally presents a continuing business challenge. Climate risk is an overarching risk that can impact other categories of risk, including operational risk to our facilities and people. We have developed and continue to enhance processes to embed climate risk considerations into our risk management practices and governance structures. The firm oversees firmwide risks, which include climate risk, and receives updates on our risk management approach to climate risk, including our approaches toward scenario analysis and integration of climate risk into our existing risk management processes. The firm actively manages its secured financings in a manner that reduces the potential refinancing risk of secured financings of less liquid assets and considers the quality of collateral when negotiating collateral eligibility with counterparties. The firm utilizes shorter-term secured financing for highly liquid assets and has established longer tenor limits for less liquid assets, for which funding may be at risk in the event of a market disruption. The firm monitors required margin levels and established credit terms daily, requiring customers to deposit additional collateral or reduce positions when necessary. The firm has established procedures to mitigate the risk that a counterparty's performance obligations will be unenforceable, including consideration of counterparty legal authority and capacity, adequacy of legal documentation, and the permissibility of a transaction under applicable law. The firm employs a variety of risk mitigation strategies, including diversification of risk exposures and hedging, to manage market risk associated with its market-making activities. The firm has developed a trajectory model of organizational resilience that focuses on how actors project temporal trajectories of responses toward disruptive events, reconstitute the trajectories in immediate response to the event, and reconfigure the trajectories toward the ensuing future. The firm recognizes the interconnectedness of climate risk with other risk types and has established a climate risk committee to shape its approach to managing climate-related risks in line with its overall risk framework. The firm’s risk management framework includes a focus on operational flexibility and adaptability to maintain performance under pressure and to respond effectively to environmental disruptions. The firm’s organizational practices emphasize the importance of stakeholder engagement and collaboration networks to enhance resilience strategies and mechanisms. The firm’s approach to risk management reflects a commitment to organizational health and the maintenance of positive adjustment under challenging conditions, ensuring that it can absorb strain and preserve functioning despite adversity.