The organizational structure aligns our businesses with the foundational shifts that are driving the evolution of the global financial system. Following the acquisition of Adenza, we further refined the divisional structure into capital access platforms, financial technology, and market services reportable segments. Management allocates resources, assesses performance, and manages these businesses as three separate segments. We expect to achieve benefits of the 2022 divisional alignment program through combined annual run-rate operating efficiencies and revenue synergies of approximately $30 million annually. We expect to achieve $80 million of net expense synergies two years following the closing of the Adenza acquisition. Our organizational structure is designed to enhance operational flexibility and adaptability in response to market changes and external pressures. The increase in demand for our services reflects our ability to innovate and respond effectively to environmental disruptions. Our operating results demonstrate resilience in maintaining performance under pressure, with a focus on strategic initiatives that drive growth and operational continuity. We have pursued various strategic initiatives and completed acquisitions and divestitures in recent years, which have resulted in expenses that would not have otherwise been incurred. The increase for the year ended December 31, 2023, compared with 2022, primarily reflects higher expenses related to the Adenza acquisition. Our cash flow analysis indicates that we continue to prudently assess our capital deployment strategy through balancing acquisitions, internal investments, debt repayments, and shareholder return activity. We are committed to maintaining a strong financial position that supports our long-term growth and operational resilience. Our liquidity and capital resources remain healthy, allowing us to invest in activities and product development that support the long-term growth of our operations. The principal factors that could affect the availability of our internally generated funds include deterioration of our revenues in any of our business segments and changes in regulatory and working capital requirements. We have implemented policies and procedures to measure, manage, monitor, and report risk exposures, which are reviewed regularly by management and the board of directors. We identify risk exposures and monitor and manage such risks on a daily basis. Our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to our financial investments and debt obligations. We are subject to foreign currency exchange rate risk, which we manage through various strategies. The adverse impacts of currency fluctuations should be viewed individually by currency and not in aggregate due to the correlation between changes in exchange rates for certain currencies. We limit our exposure to credit risk by evaluating the counterparties with which we make investments and execute agreements. Our clearinghouse holds material amounts of clearing member cash deposits, which are held or invested primarily to provide security of capital while minimizing credit, market, and liquidity risks. We seek to achieve a reasonable rate of return while primarily focusing on the preservation of capital and managing the risks associated with these deposits. Our organizational practices emphasize the importance of resilience strategies and mechanisms that enhance our ability to adapt and recover from unexpected situations, ensuring that we can confront future challenges effectively.