Nike's strategy is to achieve long-term revenue growth by creating innovative, "must-have" products, building deep personal consumer connections with our brands, and delivering compelling consumer experiences through digital platforms and at retail. We continue to invest in a new enterprise resource planning platform, data and analytics, demand sensing, insight gathering, and other areas to create an end-to-end technology foundation, which we believe will further accelerate our digital transformation. This unified approach will accelerate growth and unlock more efficiency for our business while driving speed and responsiveness as we serve consumers globally. Our fiscal 2023 growth in revenues reflects strong demand for our products despite ongoing uncertainty in the global economy. We will continue to closely monitor macroeconomic conditions, including potential impacts of inflation and rising interest rates on consumer behavior. Supply chain challenges, macroeconomic conditions, and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the manufacturing of our product disrupted the flow of seasonal product in fiscal 2022 and the first quarter of fiscal 2023, resulting in elevated inventory levels. Throughout fiscal 2023, we took action to reduce excess inventory by decreasing future inventory purchases and increasing promotional activity. These actions, along with the stabilization of inventory transit times, resulted in the normalization of the seasonal flow of product. We managed through continued temporary store closures and reduced retail traffic in Greater China, primarily due to COVID-19 related local government restrictions. The operating environment could remain volatile in fiscal 2024 as the risk exists that worsening macroeconomic conditions could have a material adverse impact on our future revenue growth as well as overall profitability. The impacts of closing transactions related to our shift from a wholesale and direct-to-consumer operating model to a distributor model within our Central and South America territory are expected to have a favorable impact on our overall profitability as we reduce selling and administrative expenses and exposure to foreign exchange rate volatility. Our foreign currency exposures arise from the recording of transactions denominated in non-functional currencies and the translation of foreign currency denominated results of operations into U.S. dollars. Our foreign exchange risk management program is intended to lessen both the positive and negative effects of currency fluctuations on our consolidated results of operations. We manage these exposures by taking advantage of natural offsets and currency correlations existing within the portfolio and, where practical and material, by hedging a portion of the remaining exposures using derivative instruments. We believe that existing cash and equivalents, short-term investments, and cash generated by operations, together with access to external sources of funds, will be sufficient to meet our domestic and foreign capital needs in the foreseeable future. Our material cash requirements include debt obligations, operating leases, endorsement contracts, product purchase obligations, and other purchase obligations. In addition to the cash payments, we are obligated to furnish our endorsers with Nike product for their use. The increase in operating overhead expense was primarily due to higher wage-related expenses and higher Nike direct variable costs, in part due to new store additions. We estimate the combination of translation of foreign currency-denominated profits from our international businesses and the year-over-year change in foreign currency-related gains and losses had an unfavorable impact on our income before income taxes.