Our competitive position has been harmed, and our competitive position and future results may be further harmed in the long term, if there are further changes in the USG's export controls. Given the increasing strategic importance of AI and rising geopolitical tensions, the USG has changed and may again change the export control rules at any time and further subject a wider range of our products to export restrictions and licensing requirements, negatively impacting our business and financial results. While we work to enhance the resiliency and redundancy of our supply chain, which is currently concentrated in the Asia-Pacific region, new and existing export controls or changes to existing export controls could limit alternative manufacturing locations and negatively impact our business. We are monitoring the impact of the geopolitical conflict in and around Israel on our operations, including the health and safety of our approximately 3,700 employees in the region who primarily support the research and development, operations, and sales and marketing of our networking products. Our operating expenses in fiscal year 2024 include expenses for financial support to impacted employees and charitable activity. We believe our global supply chain for our networking products has not experienced any significant impact. Further, in connection with the conflict, a substantial number of our employees in the region have been called up for active military duty in Israel. Accordingly, some of our employees in Israel have been absent for an extended period and they or others may continue to be absent, which may cause disruption to our product development or operations. We did not experience any significant impact or expense to our business; however, if the conflict is further extended, it could impact future product development, operations, and revenue or create other uncertainty for our business. We build technology and introduce products for new and innovative use cases and applications such as our NVIDIA DGX Cloud services, Omniverse platform, LLMs, and generative AI models. Our demand estimates for new use cases, applications, and services can be incorrect and create volatility in our revenue or supply levels, and we may not be able to generate significant revenue from these use cases, applications, and services. The increased frequency and complexity of newly introduced products could result in quality or production issues that could increase inventory provisions, warranty or other costs or result in product delays. Deployment of new products to customers creates additional challenges due to the complexity of our technologies, which has impacted and may in the future impact the timing of customer purchases or otherwise impact our demand. While we have managed prior product transitions and have previously sold multiple product architectures at the same time, these transitions are difficult, may impair our ability to predict demand and impact our supply mix, and we may incur additional costs. We continuously manage product availability and costs with our vendors. Situations that may result in excess or obsolete inventory or excess product purchase commitments include changes in business and economic conditions, changes in market conditions, sudden and significant decreases in demand for our products, inventory obsolescence because of changing technology and customer requirements, new product introductions resulting in less demand for existing products or inconsistent spikes in demand, failure to estimate customer demand properly, and government regulations. We have not received licenses to ship these restricted products to China. We are working to expand our data center product portfolio to offer new solutions, including those for which the USG does not require a license or advance notice before each shipment. We have started to ship alternatives to the China market in small volumes. Our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, and the cash generated by our operations, are expected to be sufficient to meet our operating requirements for at least the next twelve months, and for the foreseeable future, including our future supply obligations and debt repayment.