We invest in people and places to deliver dependable monthly dividends that increase over time. The closing of the Spirit Realty Capital merger enhances the diversification and depth of our real estate portfolio and will allow us to strengthen our longstanding relationships with existing clients and curate new ones. Our strategic focus on the use of net lease agreements reduces our exposure to rising property expenses due to inflation because the client is responsible for property expenses. We continually monitor the commercial real estate and global capital markets carefully and, if required, will make decisions to adjust our business strategy accordingly. We expect to fund our operating expenses and other short-term liquidity requirements, including property acquisitions and development costs, payment of principal and interest on our outstanding indebtedness, property improvements, re-leasing costs, and cash distributions to common stockholders, primarily through cash provided by operating activities, borrowings under our revolving credit facility, short-term term loans, and under our commercial paper programs, and through public securities offerings. Our goal is to deliver dependable monthly dividends to our stockholders that increase over time. We believe that our cash and cash equivalents on hand, cash provided from operating activities, and borrowing capacity is sufficient to meet our liquidity needs for the next twelve months. We expect to continue our policy of paying monthly dividends, but we cannot guarantee that we will maintain our current level of dividends or that we will continue our pattern of increasing dividends per share. Our total market capitalization was $65.4 billion, and our total debt to market capitalization was 33.8% at December 31, 2023. We have an at-the-market program, pursuant to which we may offer and sell up to 120.0 million shares of common stock, and during 2023, we raised $5.5 billion of net proceeds from the sale of common stock. Our property-level occupancy rates exclude properties with ancillary leases only and include properties owned by unconsolidated joint ventures. We have experienced that approximately 1% to 4% of our property portfolio will be available for lease at any given time; however, it is possible that the number of properties available for lease or sale could increase in the future, given the nature of economic cycles and other unforeseen global events. The increase in monthly dividends reflects our commitment to maintaining operational flexibility and adaptability in the face of market changes. We believe that our strategy of primarily holding properties long-term decreases the likelihood of carrying values not being recoverable, thus requiring the recognition of an impairment. We define adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization for real estate as a measure of our operating performance, which provides a view of our ability to meet interest payment obligations before the effects of income tax, depreciation and amortization expense, and provisions for impairment. Our adjusted ebitdare may not be comparable to adjusted ebitdare reported by other companies, but it is widely followed by industry analysts, lenders, investors, and rating agencies as a means of evaluating the operational cash generating capacity of a company prior to servicing debt obligations. We consider funds from operations and adjusted funds from operations to be appropriate supplemental measures of our performance, as they provide a view of our operating performance that adds back items such as depreciation and impairments, which are pertinent to measuring ongoing operating performance.