The acquisition strategically diversifies our complementary asset base and allows for significant expected synergies. We experienced increased volumes across our system in 2023, compared with 2022, highlighting our extensive and integrated assets located in, and connected with, some of the most productive shale basins, refining regions, and demand centers in the United States. The medford incident resulted in an increase in operating income and adjusted ebitda of $663 million, from the settlement gain of $779 million, offset partially by $146 million of third-party fractionation costs. We expect our cash from operations in 2024 to be impacted by incurred costs resulting from the medford incident for which we no longer receive business interruption proceeds. Our primary capital projects are outlined in the table below, and we proactively monitor lead times on materials and equipment used in constructing capital projects, entering into procurement agreements for long-lead items for potential projects to plan for future growth. We believe we have sufficient liquidity due to our $2.5 billion credit agreement, which expires in June 2027, and access to $1.0 billion available through our "at-the-market" equity program. Our operating cash flows can also be impacted by changes in our inventory balances, driven primarily by commodity prices, supply, demand, and the operation of our assets. Changes in commodity prices and sales volumes affect both revenues and cost of sales and fuel in our consolidated statements of income and, therefore, the impact is largely offset between these line items. We expect total capital expenditures, excluding afudc and capitalized interest, of $1.75-$1.95 billion in 2024. We utilize derivatives to reduce our market-risk exposure to commodity price and interest-rate fluctuations and to achieve more predictable cash flows. We assess our goodwill for impairment at least annually, unless events or changes in circumstances indicate an impairment may have occurred before that time. Our growth strategy is focused on expanding our core business and marketing presence. We may manage interest-rate risk through the use of fixed-rate debt, floating-rate debt, treasury locks, and interest-rate swaps. We believe this non-gaap financial measure is useful to investors because it and similar measures are used by many companies in our industry as a measurement of financial performance and is commonly employed by financial analysts and others to evaluate our financial performance and to compare financial performance among companies in our industry. We expect our sources of cash inflows to provide sufficient resources to finance our operations, capital expenditures, quarterly cash dividends, maturities of long-term debt, share repurchases, and contributions to unconsolidated affiliates. Our cash flows from operations exceeded dividends paid by $2.6 billion, due in part to the insurance proceeds received from the medford settlement in 2023. We may, at any time, seek to retire or purchase our or oneok partners' outstanding debt through cash purchases and/or exchanges for equity or debt, in open-market repurchases, privately negotiated transactions, or otherwise. Our credit ratings, which are investment grade, may be affected by our leverage, liquidity, credit profile, or potential transactions. We have material cash commitments related to our capital expenditures, senior notes, and corresponding interest payments, which we expect to fund through our sources of cash inflows discussed above. We expect our cash flows from operations to continue to sufficiently fund our cash dividends.