We begin management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations with an overview of our businesses and significant trends. Our products and services include enterprise applications and infrastructure offerings that are delivered worldwide through a variety of flexible and interoperable IT deployment models. Providing choice and flexibility to our customers as to when and how they deploy Oracle applications and infrastructure technologies are important elements of our corporate strategy. In recent periods, customer demand for our applications and infrastructure technologies delivered through our Oracle cloud services has increased. To address customer demand and enable customer choice, we have introduced certain programs for customers to pivot their applications and infrastructure licenses and the related license support to the Oracle cloud for new deployments and to migrate to and expand with the Oracle cloud for their existing workloads. Our cloud and license business' revenue growth is affected by many factors, including the strength of general economic and business conditions; governmental budgetary constraints; customer satisfaction with our offerings; and our ability to manage Oracle cloud capacity requirements to meet existing and prospective customer demand. We believe these factors should contribute to future growth in our cloud and license business' total revenues, which should enable us to continue to make investments in research and development and our cloud operations to develop, improve, increase the capacity of and expand the geographic footprint of our cloud and license products and services. Our services business helps customers and partners maximize the performance of their investments in Oracle applications and infrastructure technologies. Our selective and active acquisition program is another important element of our corporate strategy. We believe that we can fund our future acquisitions with our internally available cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities balances, cash generated from operations, additional borrowings or from the issuance of additional securities. We estimate the financial impact of any potential acquisition with regard to earnings, operating margin, cash flows and return on invested capital targets, among others, before deciding to move forward with an acquisition. Our management approved, committed to and initiated the 2022 restructuring plan in order to restructure and further improve efficiencies in our operations. We may incur additional restructuring expenses in future periods due to the initiation of new restructuring plans or from changes in estimated costs associated with existing restructuring plans. The majority of the initiatives undertaken by our 2022 restructuring plan were effected to implement our continued emphasis in developing, marketing, selling and delivering our cloud-based offerings. We expect this growth to continue during fiscal 2024 as we increase our existing data center capacity and establish data centers in new geographic locations in order to meet current and expected customer demand. Our cloud services and license support expenses have grown in recent periods, and we expect this growth to continue. The increase in our constant currency hardware revenues in fiscal 2023 was primarily due to revenue contributions from our Cerner acquisition and growth in our Oracle Exadata and certain other strategic hardware product offerings. Our services offerings are designed to help maximize the performance of customer investments in Oracle applications and infrastructure technologies and substantially include our consulting services and advanced customer services offerings. We continue to place significant emphasis, both domestically and internationally, on direct sales through our own sales force. Our cloud and license business engages in the sale and marketing of our applications and infrastructure technologies that are delivered through various deployment models. We believe that our estimates are reasonable, but the final tax outcome of these matters could be different from that which is reflected in our historical income tax provisions and accruals. We believe that our current cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities balances, cash generated from operations, and our revolving credit agreement will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditures and contractual obligations requirements.