We are a leading provider of integrated human capital management ("HCM") solutions for human resources ("HR"), payroll, benefits, and insurance for small- to medium-sized businesses and their employees across the United States and parts of Europe. We support our small-business clients, reducing the complexity and risk of running their own payroll, while ensuring greater accuracy with up-to-date tax rates and regulatory information. Our ongoing investments in our platforms have prepared us well for the demands of the current business and regulatory environments, allowing us to adapt while maintaining strong solutions and support delivery, resulting in high levels of client satisfaction and retention. We closely monitor the evolving challenges and needs of small- and mid-sized businesses, and proactively aid our clients in navigating these challenges. Through our unique blend of innovative technology solutions, backed by our extensive compliance and HR expertise, we help clients more effectively hire, engage, train, and retain top talent in this challenging workforce environment. Our strategy focuses on providing industry-leading, integrated technology; delivering superior customer experiences; expanding our leadership in HR; growing our client bases; and engaging in strategic acquisitions. We believe that successfully executing this strategy will lead to strong, long-term financial performance. We maintain industry-leading margins by managing our personnel costs and expenses while continuing to invest in our business, particularly in sales and marketing and leading-edge technology. We believe these investments are critical to our success. Looking to the future, we believe that investing in our solutions, people, and digital capabilities will position us to capitalize on opportunities for long-term growth. We provide free webinars, white papers, and other information on our website to aid existing and prospective clients with the impact of regulatory changes. Our fiscal 2023 technology enhancements to our Paychex Flex platform were designed to improve the client and employee experiences from hiring and onboarding through employee retention. We believe that our investments in an unrealized loss position as of May 31, 2023 were not impaired due to increased credit risk or other valuation concerns. Our positive cash flows for fiscal 2023 allowed us to support our business and pay dividends of approximately $1.2 billion. We expect to have access to the amounts available under our current credit facilities to meet our ongoing financial needs. However, if we experience reductions in our operating cash flows due to any of the risk factors outlined in our filings, we may need to adjust our capital, operating, and other discretionary spending to realign our working capital requirements with the capital resources available to us. We have also entered into indemnification agreements with our officers and directors, which require us to defend and, if necessary, indemnify these individuals for certain pending or future legal claims as they relate to their services provided to us. We regularly review the adequacy of our estimated insurance reserves. Adjustments to previously established reserves are reflected in the results of operations for the period in which the adjustment is identified. We believe that our investments are critical to maintaining operational continuity and resilience in the face of external pressures and disruptions. Our strategy and operational practices are designed to ensure that we can adapt to changing market conditions and continue to provide value to our clients while maintaining organizational health and effectiveness.