We are focused on investing to modernize our energy infrastructure, improve reliability and resilience, increase energy efficiency and deliver cleaner energy to meet customer expectations and be well aligned with public policy objectives. Our investments in PSE&G have adjusted our business mix to reflect a higher percentage of earnings contribution by PSE&G. At PSE&G, our focus is on investing capital in transmission and distribution infrastructure and clean energy programs to enhance the reliability and resiliency of our T&D system, meet customer expectations and support public policy objectives. We continue to assess physical risks of climate change and adapt our capital investment program to improve the reliability and resiliency of our system in an environment of increasing frequency and severity of weather events. These investments have shown benefits in recent severe weather events, including tropical storm Ida in 2021, which brought significant flooding to our service territory but did not result in the loss of any of our electric distribution substations. Our business plan focuses on achieving growth by allocating capital primarily toward regulated investments in an effort to continue to improve the sustainability and predictability of our business. We expect these capital investments to result in a compound annual growth rate in our regulated rate base in a range of 6% to 7.5% from year-end 2023 to year-end 2028. The regulated capital investments represent the majority of PSEG's total capital investment program. The GSMP program extension provides for main replacement through December 2025 plus trailing services replacement and paving costs into 2026. Our broader GSMP III, which also included projects to introduce renewable natural gas and hydrogen blending into our existing distribution system, is being held in abeyance, with negotiations reinitiated by January 2025 with the intent of beginning the work in January 2026. We continue to focus on providing cleaner energy for our customers by working to preserve the economic viability of our nuclear units, which provide over 85% of the carbon-free energy in New Jersey. Our climate strategy includes a net zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2030 goal that encompasses direct and indirect emissions across our business operations. We have established strategic initiatives to support the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions and the implementation of energy efficiency initiatives. The GSMP is designed to significantly reduce natural gas leaks in our distribution system, which would reduce the release of methane into the air. Through GSMP II, we expect to achieve an overall reduction in methane emissions of at least 60% over the 2011 baseline through 2030. Our future success will depend on our ability to continue to maintain strong operational and financial performance, address regulatory and legislative developments that impact our business, and respond to the issues and challenges described. We will continue to seek approval of and execute on our utility capital investment program to modernize our infrastructure, improve the reliability and resilience of the service we provide to our customers, and align our sustainability and climate goals with New Jersey's energy policy. We continually assess a broad range of strategic options to maximize long-term shareholder value and address the interests of our multiple stakeholders. We consider a wide variety of factors when determining how and when to efficiently deploy capital, including the performance and prospects of our businesses; returns and the sustainability and predictability of future earnings streams; and the views of investors, regulators, public policy initiatives, rating agencies, customers, and employees.