In 2023, we managed our commercial operations through a global structure consisting of two operating segments: biopharma and business innovation. Our ability to fulfill our purpose, breakthroughs that change patients' lives, remains a core focus and underscores our commitment to addressing the needs of society to help sustain long-term value creation for all stakeholders. As part of our strategy for COVID-19, we are continuing to make significant investments in breakthrough science and global manufacturing. We are closely monitoring developments in the armed conflict between Israel and Hamas, evaluating potential impacts to our business, customers, suppliers, employees, and operations in Israel and elsewhere in the Middle East that may impact global operations. Our manufacturing facility in Rocky Mount, North Carolina, was damaged by a tornado in July 2023, which is a key producer of sterile injectables, and while manufacturing has resumed, the supply of medicines impacted by the tornado is expected to be affected through 2024. We continue to monitor and implement mitigation strategies in an effort to reduce any potential risk or impact including active supplier management, qualification of additional suppliers, and advanced purchasing to the extent possible. We believe that our medicines and vaccines provide significant value for healthcare providers and patients and continuously evaluate how we can best collaborate with patients, physicians, and payors to support and expand patient access to reliable, affordable healthcare around the world. In response to COVID-19, we developed Paxlovid and collaborated with BioNTech to jointly develop Comirnaty, including an Omicron XBB.1.5-adapted monovalent vaccine. Our business development initiatives are committed to strategically capitalizing on growth opportunities, primarily by advancing our own product pipeline and maximizing the value of our existing products, but also through various business development activities. We view our business development activity as an enabler of our strategies and seek to generate growth by pursuing opportunities and transactions that have the potential to strengthen our business and our capabilities. We are also evaluating Paxlovid for additional populations. We expect to generate approximately $1 billion of annual cost synergies from our acquisition of Seagen, focusing our efforts on achieving an appropriate cost structure for the combined company. Our restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs are part of our ongoing portfolio review process, which incorporates a high degree of risk and cost. We have taken, and will continue to take, a conservative approach to our financial investments and monitoring of our liquidity position in response to market changes. Our historically robust operating cash flow, which we expect to continue over time, is a key strength of our liquidity and capital resources and our primary funding source. We focus efforts to optimize operating cash flows through achieving working capital efficiencies that target accounts receivable, inventories, accounts payable, and other working capital. We are closely monitoring the effects of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, and while we do not anticipate any significant negative impacts on our global operations from this conflict, continued regional instability could adversely affect the global macroeconomic environment, our operations, and financial markets. We continue to assess our business, assets, and scientific capabilities as part of our regular, ongoing portfolio review process and also consider business development activities that will help advance our business strategy.