We are evolving our portfolio for the long term to include products outside of the tobacco and nicotine sector. This investment includes the building of world-class scientific assessment capabilities, notably in the areas of pre-clinical systems toxicology, clinical and behavioral research, as well as post-market studies. Following the combination and the progress in 2023 toward integrating the Swedish Match business into the existing PMI regional segment structure, we will update our segment reporting by including Swedish Match results in the four existing geographical segments. Our cigarettes are sold in approximately 175 markets, and in many of these markets they hold the number one or number two market share position. We have a wide range of premium, mid-price and low-price brands. Our portfolio comprises both international and local brands. Smoke-free products (also referred to herein as "sfps") is the term we primarily use to refer to all of our products that are not combustible tobacco products, such as heat-not-burn, e-vapor, and oral nicotine. In addition, sfps include wellness and healthcare products, as well as consumer accessories such as lighters and matches. We are engaged in the development and commercialization of reduced-risk products ("rrps"). RRPs is the term we use to refer to products that present, are likely to present, or have the potential to present less risk of harm to smokers who switch to these products versus continuing smoking. Our RRPs are sfps that contain and/or generate far lower quantities of harmful and potentially harmful constituents than found in cigarette smoke. The Swedish Match acquisition is a key milestone in PMI's transformation to becoming a smoke-free company. By joining forces with Swedish Match, we expect to accelerate the achievement of our joint smoke-free ambitions, switching more adults who would otherwise continue to smoke cigarettes to better alternatives faster than either company could achieve separately. Our main priority remains the safety and security of our employees and their families in Ukraine. We continue commercial activities in select locations where safety allows, in order to provide product availability and service to adult consumers, and supply the market from production centers outside Ukraine, as well as through a contract manufacturing arrangement. On June 20, 2023, we announced the investment of $30 million in a new production facility in the Lviv region, in western Ukraine. Preparatory work for the facility began in July 2023 and production is expected to commence in the first quarter of 2024. In Russia, we are continuously assessing the evolving situation in the country. This includes regulatory constraints in the market entailing very complex terms and conditions that must be met for any divestment transaction to be granted approval by the authorities, and restrictions resulting from international regulations. The developments above have and will continue to have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial position, and may result in impairment charges. Our net revenues and operating income are affected by various factors, including the volume of products we sell, the price of our products, changes in currency exchange rates and the mix of products we sell. The increase was partly offset by lower fees for certain distribution rights billed to customers in certain markets and a charge to net revenues in 2023 of $80 million following the termination of a distribution arrangement in the Middle East.