The discussion below contains forward-looking statements that are based upon our current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Actual results may differ materially from these expectations due to inaccurate assumptions and known or unknown risks and uncertainties, including those identified in cautionary statements about forward-looking statements and information. Our 2023 results reflect increased demand for our services, as revenue and operating income increased in all of our segments as compared to 2022. Utilities are continuing to invest significant capital in their electric power delivery systems through multi-year grid modernization and reliability programs, as well as system upgrades and hardening programs in response to recurring severe weather events. We have also experienced high demand for new and expanded transmission, substation, and distribution infrastructure needed to reliably transport power. The transition to a reduced-carbon economy is continuing to drive demand for renewable generation and related infrastructure, as well as interconnection services necessary to connect and transmit renewable-generated electricity to existing electric power delivery systems. The timing of certain projects within this segment was negatively impacted by supply chain challenges that resulted in delays and shortages of materials necessary for certain projects. However, we anticipate that revenues associated with these projects will continue to fluctuate. We experienced strong demand for our services focused on utility spending, particularly our gas distribution services to natural gas utilities that are implementing modernization programs. Our revenues, profit, margins, and other results of operations can be influenced by a variety of factors, including the financial condition of our customers, their capital spending, and their access to and cost of capital. Adverse weather conditions, severe weather events, natural disasters, or other emergencies can negatively impact our financial results due to the termination, deferral, or delay of projects, reduced productivity, and exposure to significant liabilities. However, severe weather events can also increase our emergency restoration services, which typically yield higher margins due in part to higher equipment utilization and absorption of fixed costs. The mix of revenues based on the types of services we provide in a given period will impact margins, as certain industries and services provide higher-margin opportunities. Our productivity and performance on a project can vary based on unexpected project difficulties or site conditions, including inclement weather or severe weather events, environmental restrictions, or regulatory delays. We currently generate a significant portion of our revenues under fixed-price contracts, which involve greater performance risk. Our remaining performance obligations represent management's estimate of consolidated revenues expected to be realized from the remaining portion of firm orders under fixed-price contracts not yet completed. We plan to fund our working capital, capital expenditures, debt service, dividends, and other cash requirements with our current available liquidity and cash from operations, which could be affected by general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, business, and other factors. Management monitors financial markets and national and global economic conditions for factors that may affect our liquidity and capital resources. We expect to continue to allocate significant capital to strategic acquisitions and investments, as well as to pay dividends and to repurchase our outstanding common stock and/or debt securities. Our ability to access capital markets in the future depends on a number of factors, including our financial performance and financial position, our credit ratings, industry conditions, general economic conditions, our backlog, capital expenditure commitments, market conditions, and market perceptions of us and our industry.