Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a fully integrated biotechnology company that invents, develops, manufactures, and commercializes medicines for people with serious diseases. Our ability to generate profits and positive cash flow from operations over the next several years depends significantly on the continued success in commercializing Eylea and Dupixent, as well as whether we are successful in commercializing Eylea HD. We expect to continue to incur substantial expenses related to our research and development activities, a portion of which we expect to be reimbursed by our collaborators. Our financial results may fluctuate from quarter to quarter and will depend on, among other factors, the scope and progress of our research and development efforts, the timing of certain expenses, and the continuation of our collaborations, in particular with Sanofi and Bayer. We cannot predict whether or when new products or new indications for marketed products will receive regulatory approval or, if any such approval is received, whether we will be able to successfully commercialize such product(s) and whether or when they may become profitable. The preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts and related disclosures in the financial statements. Management believes the current assumptions used to estimate amounts reflected in our consolidated financial statements are appropriate. However, if actual experience differs from the assumptions used, the resulting changes could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. We have entered into various collaborative arrangements to research, develop, manufacture, and commercialize products and/or product candidates. Our collaboration agreements may require us to deliver various rights, services, and/or goods across the entire life cycle of a product or product candidate. We assess, at the inception of the contract, whether each promise represents a separate obligation or whether such promises should be combined as a single unit of account. Due to the variability in the scope of activities and length of time necessary to develop a drug product, potential delays in development programs, changes to development plans and budgets, and uncertainty in the ultimate requirements to obtain governmental approval for commercialization, revisions to our estimates are likely to occur periodically, potentially resulting in material changes to amounts recognized. We recognize stock-based compensation expense for equity grants based on the grant-date fair value of those awards. The assumptions used in computing the fair value of equity awards reflect our best estimates but involve uncertainties related to market and other conditions. Changes in any of these assumptions may materially affect the fair value of awards granted and the amount of stock-based compensation recognized in future periods. We periodically reassess the need for a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets based on all available evidence, including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and results of recent operations. The amount required to fund operations will depend on various factors, including the potential regulatory approval and commercialization of our product candidates and the timing thereof. We believe that our existing capital resources, borrowing availability under the 2022 credit facility, funds generated by anticipated product sales, and funding for reimbursement of research and development costs will enable us to meet our anticipated operating needs for the foreseeable future. We expect to continue to incur significant costs in connection with our research and development activities, including preclinical and clinical programs. The amount of funding that will be required for our clinical programs depends upon the results of our research and preclinical programs and early-stage clinical trials, regulatory requirements, and other expenses.