In 2024, we will focus on pricing in excess of cost inflation, driving profitable volume growth, investing in sustainability to improve the environment and drive growth, investing in value-creating acquisitions, and advancing technology to improve productivity and increase customer retention. We believe that the presentation of adjusted diluted earnings per share provides an understanding of operational activities before the financial effect of certain items. Our definition of adjusted diluted earnings per share may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. We strive to have a leading market position in each of the markets we serve, or have a clear path on how we will achieve a leading market position over time. Where we cannot establish a leading market position, or where operations are not generating acceptable returns, we may decide to divest certain assets and reallocate resources to other markets. We incurred restructuring charges of $33.2 million in 2023, primarily related to the redesign of our asset management and customer and order management software systems. The integration of the US Ecology acquisition was substantially complete as of December 31, 2023. Our operations can be adversely affected by periods of inclement or severe weather, which could increase the volume of waste collected under our existing contracts, delay the collection and disposal of waste, reduce the volume of waste delivered to our disposal sites, or delay the construction or expansion of our landfills and other facilities. We expect existing cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and marketable securities, cash flows from operations, and financing activities to continue to be sufficient to fund our operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. We have incurred comparable charges and costs in prior periods, and similar types of adjustments can reasonably be expected to be recorded in future periods. Our environmental remediation liabilities primarily include costs associated with remediating groundwater, surface water, and soil contamination, as well as controlling and containing methane gas migration and the related legal costs. We periodically review the status of all environmental matters and update our estimates of the likelihood of and future expenditures for remediation as necessary. We have future obligations for final capping, closure, and post-closure costs with respect to the landfills we own or operate. Our ability to obtain financing through the capital markets is a key component of our financial strategy. We manage risk associated with executing this strategy, particularly as it relates to fluctuations in interest rates, by using a combination of fixed and floating rate debt. Our ongoing performance is separate from items that have a disproportionate impact on our results for a particular period. We believe that presenting adjusted pre-tax income, adjusted tax impact, adjusted net income, and adjusted diluted earnings per share provides an understanding of operational activities before the financial impact of certain items. Our operations also can be favorably affected by severe weather, which could increase the volume of waste in situations where we are able to charge for our additional services. We have not reduced the liabilities we have recorded for recoveries from other potentially responsible parties or insurance companies. We perform a comprehensive review of our environmental obligations annually and also review changes in facts and circumstances associated with these obligations at least quarterly. Our internal criteria to classify disposal capacity as probable expansion airspace are as follows: we own the land associated with the expansion airspace or control it pursuant to an option agreement; we are committed to supporting the expansion project financially and with appropriate resources; there are no identified fatal flaws or impediments associated with the project; progress is being made on the project; the expansion is attainable within a reasonable timeframe; and we believe it is likely we will receive the expansion permit.