The following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements relating to our plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, intentions, and resources. Our strong full-year performance was fueled by substantial international growth, with approximately 90% of our international geounits posting year-on-year increases, complemented by sustained performance in North America. Notably, we achieved our highest-ever revenue in the Middle East, led by impressive growth in Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and Egypt & East Mediterranean geounits. In the offshore basins, we benefited from long-cycle developments, capacity expansions, and exploration and appraisal activities with remarkable growth in Brazil and Angola, and solid increases in the US Gulf of Mexico, Guyana, and Norway. Our performance and returns-focused strategy, combined with our differentiated market positioning and digital capabilities, will drive profitable growth and further margin expansion, setting a strong foundation for long-term outperformance. The imperative to operate more sustainably is translating into tangible investments by our customers, resulting in the portfolio generating more than $1 billion of revenue. As global energy demand continues to increase, international production is expected to play a key role in meeting supply through the end of the decade. In the international environment, despite elevated geopolitical tensions in various regions, we do not anticipate a significant impact on the sector's overall activity, absent any escalation. Furthermore, we expect the long-cycle investments across the Middle East, global offshore, and gas resource plays to be largely decoupled from short-term commodity price fluctuations. Our success in digital was driven by further adoption of Delfi technology and customers embracing our connected and autonomous drilling, data, and AI solutions. We foresee further growth led by production systems, strengthened by the additional subsea opportunities from our OneSubsea joint venture. Sustained momentum is expected in reservoir performance, accompanied by increased activity in well construction. Additionally, we expect continued customer adoption of our digital business, particularly in our new technology platforms. The increase in working capital was largely attributable to strong collections of accounts receivable and a smaller increase in inventory in 2023 as compared to 2022. SLB believes these amounts, along with cash generated by ongoing operations, will be sufficient to meet future business requirements for the next 12 months and beyond. The determination of future cash flows as well as the estimated fair value of long-lived assets involves significant estimates on the part of management. SLB has extensive experience in working with its customers during difficult times to manage its accounts receivable. During weak economic environments or when there is an extended period of weakness in oil and gas prices, SLB typically experiences delays in the payment of its receivables. However, SLB has not historically had material write-offs due to uncollectible accounts receivable. The effective tax rate was 19% in 2023 as compared to 18% in 2022. The increase in the effective tax rate was primarily due to the charges and credits described in the consolidated financial statements. SLB has a global footprint in more than 100 countries, and as of December 31, 2023, three of those countries individually accounted for greater than 5% of SLB's net accounts receivable balance. SLB's receivables from its primary customer in Mexico are not in dispute, and SLB has not historically had any material write-offs due to uncollectible accounts receivable relating to this customer.