We continue to make strategic investments to support our durable operating and financial model that further differentiates Target and is designed to drive sustainable sales and profit growth over the long term. In response to sales declines across our business, we took actions and employed strategies to align inventories with sales trends. These actions, as well as improvements in the supply chain, have resulted in decreased inventory in 2023 compared with 2022, as well as a reduction in costs related to managing elevated inventory levels. We continue to experience higher inventory shrink, as a percentage of sales, relative to historical levels. Increased shrink has had, and if current trends persist will continue to have, an adverse impact on our results of operations, including impairment of our long-lived assets. Our ability to successfully differentiate our guests' shopping experience through a careful combination of merchandise assortment, price, convenience, guest experience, and other factors will over the long term drive both increasing shopping frequency and the amount spent each visit. We believe that our sources of liquidity, namely operating cash flows, credit facility capacity, and access to capital markets, will continue to be adequate to meet our contractual obligations, working capital, and capital expenditure requirements, finance anticipated expansion and strategic initiatives, fund debt maturities, pay dividends, and execute purchases under our share repurchase program for the foreseeable future. Our investment policy is designed to preserve principal and liquidity of our short-term investments. We have also experienced lower digital fulfillment costs due to a decrease in digital sales and an increased mix of digital sales fulfilled through lower-cost same-day services. We expect that comparable sales growth will drive the majority of our total sales growth. Our cash and cash equivalents balance includes short-term investments designed to preserve principal and liquidity. We believe that this trend of decreased discretionary category sales began in 2022. Our ability to absorb strain and preserve functioning despite the presence of adversity is reflected in our operational management strategies. We have completed over 1,100 full-store remodels since the launch of the current program in 2017, which supports our operational flexibility and adaptability in a changing market environment. We continue to make strategic investments in our supply chain and digital fulfillment capabilities, including adding new supply chain facilities to support our growth and commitment to fast delivery times. Our operating cash flows increased as a result of higher net earnings and an improvement in working capital, including lower inventory levels, compared with 2022. We have the ability to obtain short-term financing from time to time under our commercial paper program and credit facilities, which enhances our organizational resilience. Our strategic initiatives include investments in both stores and supply chain projects, which are critical for maintaining operational continuity and addressing external pressures. We have a disciplined and balanced approach to capital allocation to create sustainable long-term value and maintain our current operations and assets. Our management believes that adjusted earnings per share is useful in providing period-to-period comparisons of the results of our operations, reflecting our focus on performance maintenance under challenging conditions.