The company has insurance operations in Canada, the United Kingdom, the Republic of Ireland, and throughout other parts of the world, as a corporate member of Lloyd's, as well as in Brazil and Colombia through joint ventures. The company actively monitors and evaluates changes in third-party models and calibrates the catastrophe risk model estimates delivered via its own proprietary modeling processes. This includes the use of various analyses and methods to make underwriting and reinsurance decisions designed to manage its exposure to catastrophic events. The company has established dedicated teams for each catastrophe peril, with the goal of developing industry-leading scientific and underwriting expertise. The company discusses how changing climate conditions may present issues for its business, including the impact of increasingly unpredictable and severe weather conditions, which could result in increased frequency and severity of claims under policies issued by the company. The company believes that understanding the potential impacts of changing climate conditions is important for its business. The company has focused on enhancing the strategic management of its catastrophe exposure, adding experts in data science, meteorology, and structural engineering to its catastrophe management organization. The company expects that retention levels will remain strong by historical standards during 2024, and property and casualty insurance market conditions are expected to remain competitive. The company's results of operations could be adversely impacted if significant catastrophe and non-catastrophe weather-related losses were to occur. The company has experienced significant amounts of net favorable prior year reserve development driven by better-than-expected loss experience, but the inherent uncertainty in estimating claims and claim adjustment expense reserves could lead to higher or lower levels of favorable prior year reserve development in future periods. The company believes that its combination of operating company liquidity, holding company liquidity, investment portfolio, and capital resources are sufficient to meet its contractual obligations. The company has established a holding company liquidity target equal to its estimated annual pre-tax interest expense and common shareholder dividends. The company's liquidity requirements can be impacted by the timing and amount of catastrophe claims, which are inherently unpredictable, as well as the timing and amount of reinsurance recoveries. The company employs dedicated specialists and comprehensive strategies to manage reinsurance collections and disputes. The company evaluates and monitors the financial condition of its reinsurers under voluntary reinsurance arrangements to minimize its exposure to significant losses from reinsurer insolvencies. The company's investment strategy focuses on maintaining a high-quality investment portfolio and a relatively short average effective duration. The company regularly evaluates its investment alternatives and mix, and the majority of its investments are comprised of a widely diversified portfolio of high-quality, liquid, taxable U.S. government and municipal bonds. The company has also invested in private equity, hedge fund, and real estate partnerships, which have historically provided higher returns but are subject to more volatility. The company believes it has a strong capital position and expects to continue to return capital not needed to support its business operations to its shareholders. The company is not dependent on dividends or other forms of repatriation from its foreign operations to support its liquidity needs. The company has entered into a reinsurance contract in connection with catastrophe bonds and employs various methods for estimating the fair value of its reporting units, which incorporates multiple inputs into discounted cash flow calculations. The company believes that the reserves carried for asbestos and environmental claims are appropriately established based upon known facts, current law, and management's judgment, although uncertainties surrounding the final resolution of these claims continue.