Our mission is to accelerate the world's transition to sustainable energy, which involves designing, developing, manufacturing, leasing, and selling high-performance fully electric vehicles, solar energy generation systems, and energy storage products. We are focused on increasing vehicle production, capacity, and delivery capabilities, reducing costs, and improving our vehicles and battery technologies. We continue to ramp production, build new manufacturing capacity, and expand our operations to enable increased deliveries and deployments of our products, while investing in research and development to accelerate our AI, software, and fleet-based profits for further revenue growth. The long-term success of our energy generation and storage business is dependent upon increasing margins through greater volumes, and we remain committed to growing our retrofit solar energy business by improving installation capabilities and price efficiencies. Our cost reduction efforts, cost innovation strategies, and additional localized procurement and manufacturing are key to our vehicles' affordability and have allowed us to competitively price our vehicles. We operate in a cyclical industry sensitive to political and regulatory uncertainty, which can be compounded by inflationary pressures, rising energy prices, and interest rate fluctuations. As we expand our manufacturing operations globally, we must also increase and staff our delivery, servicing, and charging infrastructure accordingly. We expect to continue generating net positive operating cash flow, which enables us to fund ongoing operations and production, research and development projects for new products and technologies, and the continued expansion of our retail and service locations. We continually evaluate our cash needs and may decide it is best to raise additional capital or seek alternative financing sources to fund the rapid growth of our business. Our ability to be self-funding is expected to continue as long as macroeconomic factors support current trends in our sales. We are focused on growing our manufacturing capacity, which includes ramping production of new vehicle models and increasing production rate and efficiency at our current factories. We have set ambitious technological targets for battery cells and manufacturing improvements, which are subject to uncertainties inherent in establishing and ramping manufacturing operations. We must work constantly to increase vehicle delivery capability to avoid bottlenecks on total deliveries. Our strategic initiatives include enhancing the capability and efficiency of our servicing operations and expanding our supercharger network to ensure adequate availability to meet customer demands. We expect our capital expenditures to support our projects globally to exceed $10.00 billion in 2024 and be between $8.00 to $10.00 billion in each of the following two fiscal years. Our cash flows from operating activities are significantly affected by our cash investments to support the growth of our business, and we expect our current sources of funds will provide us with adequate liquidity during the 12-month period following December 31, 2023, as well as in the long term. We continue adapting our strategy to meet our liquidity and risk objectives, including investing in U.S. government securities and other investments to expand our product roadmap and provide financing options to our customers.