The health care market continues to change based on demographic shifts, new regulations, political forces, and both payer and patient expectations. Health plans and care providers are being called upon to work together to close gaps in care and improve overall care quality and patient experience, improve the health of populations, and reduce costs. We are working to accelerate this vision through the innovation and integration of our care delivery models including in-clinic, in-home, behavioral, and virtual care, and by using our data and analytics to provide clinicians with the necessary information in order to provide the best possible care in the most cost-efficient setting. A key focus of our future growth is to accelerate the transition from fee-for-service care delivery and payment models to fully accountable value-based care. This transition requires initial costs such as system enhancements, integrated care coordination technology, physician training, and clinical engagement. Enhanced clinical engagement is a critical step to improving the health outcomes of the people we serve and should result in lower costs to the overall health system over time. We continue to advocate for actuarially sound rates commensurate with our medical cost trends and we remain dedicated to partnering with those states that are committed to the long-term viability of their programs. Our businesses participate in the United States and certain other international health markets. We expect overall spending on health care to continue to grow in the future, due to inflation, medical technology, and pharmaceutical advancement, regulatory requirements, demographic trends in the population, and national interest in health and well-being. The rate of market growth may be affected by a variety of factors, including macroeconomic conditions, which could impact our results of operations, including our continued efforts to control health care costs. We frequently evaluate and adjust our approach in each of the local markets we serve, considering relevant factors such as product positioning, price competitiveness, and environmental, competitive, legislative, and regulatory considerations. We endeavor to mitigate increases in medical costs by engaging physicians and consumers with information and helping them make clinically sound choices, with the objective of helping them achieve high-quality, affordable care. The resumption of Medicaid redeterminations has impacted the number of people served through our Medicaid offerings, partially offset by an increase in consumers served through our commercial offerings as we endeavor to ensure that people and families have continued access to care. We continue to take a prudent, market-sustainable posture for both new business and maintenance of existing relationships. Our medical cost trends primarily relate to changes in unit costs, care activity, and prescription drug costs. We continue to see a greater number of people enrolled in fully accountable value-based plans rewarding high-quality, affordable care and fostering collaboration. This trend is creating needs for health management services which can coordinate care around the primary care physician, including new primary care channels, and for investments in new clinical and administrative information and management systems, which we believe provide growth opportunities for our Optum business platform. We utilize various metrics to evaluate and manage our reportable segments, including individuals served by UnitedHealthcare by major market segment and funding arrangement, people served by Optum Health, and adjusted scripts for Optum Rx. These metrics are the main drivers of revenue, earnings, and cash flows at each business. We believe our capital resources are sufficient to meet future, short-term and long-term liquidity needs.