We continue to focus on executing our strategy of customer first, people led and innovation driven by making it quicker and easier for customers to do business with us. We are taking action intended to right-size our business for the future and focus on key enablers of growth. These moves include exploring strategic alternatives for our truckload brokerage business and reducing headcount through our "fit to serve" initiative to create a more efficient operating model and enhance responsiveness to changing market dynamics. Faced with a challenging external environment, we remain focused on our strategy. During the year, macroeconomic headwinds, including inflationary pressures and changes in consumer behavior, together with volume diversion resulting from our labor negotiations with the international brotherhood of teamsters, contributed to volume declines in our U.S. small package business. We expect global economic conditions to improve gradually during 2024, and therefore expect volume and revenue growth to increase in the second half of the year. We experienced higher year-over-year labor costs in the second half of the year as a result of these contractual increases, which we expect to persist through the first half of 2024. Revenue and average daily package volume in our global small package operations decreased for the year, with declines in both commercial and residential shipments across all of our products. These declines were primarily the result of the macroeconomic conditions and union labor-related uncertainties described above, as well as reductions in fuel and demand-related surcharges. Operating expenses decreased for the year, driven by a reduction in purchased transportation in supply chain solutions and reductions in fuel expense in our small package operations, as well as the impact of our ongoing productivity initiatives and reductions in operating costs. We anticipate overall year-over-year volume growth rates will be flat in the first half of 2024, with moderate growth expected in the second half of the year dependent upon improving macroeconomic conditions. We expect growth within our logistics businesses to continue into 2024 as we continue to execute on our strategy. We anticipate continued growth in these businesses during 2024 as we continue to execute on our strategy. We expect these costs to be further reduced, although not significantly, as we complete the obligations under these agreements during the first half of 2024. We expect to complete this process during 2024. We expect to incur higher depreciation and amortization expense in 2024 as a result of our recent acquisitions and our continuing investments in network enhancement projects and other technology initiatives. We believe that these positions, expected cash from operations, access to commercial paper programs and capital markets and other available liquidity options will be adequate to fund our material short- and long-term cash requirements, including our business operations, planned capital expenditures, anticipated pension contributions, potential acquisitions, debt obligations and planned shareowner returns. We regularly evaluate opportunities to optimize our capital structure, including through issuances of debt to refinance existing debt and to fund operations. We continue to monitor all of our reporting units between annual testing dates. We expect to repay or refinance these amounts when due. We believe our estimated reserves for such claims are adequate; however, actual experience in claims frequency and/or severity of claims could materially differ from our estimates and affect our results of operations. We believe that we will ultimately recover a substantial majority of the deferred tax assets recorded in our consolidated balance sheets. We expect to fund these obligations and other discretionary payments, including expected returns to shareowners, primarily through cash from operations. We anticipate making discretionary contributions to our company-sponsored U.S. defined benefit pension and postretirement medical benefit plans of approximately $1.3 billion in 2024.