Our operations are impacted by global economic conditions, including inflation, increased interest rates, and supply chain constraints, and we take actions to modify our plans to address such economic conditions. We intentionally held back on sales of rental equipment to ensure we had sufficient rental capacity for our customers. We continue to monitor any developments relating to the coronavirus ("COVID-19"), and the health and safety of our employees and customers has been our top priority. We implemented a detailed COVID-19 response plan, which we believe helped mitigate the impact of COVID-19 on our results. We continue to assess the economic environment in which we operate and take appropriate actions to address the economic and other challenges we face. Although the equipment rental industry is highly fragmented and diverse, we believe that we are well positioned to take advantage of this environment because, as a larger company, we have more extensive resources and certain competitive advantages. Our size gives us greater purchasing power, the ability to provide customers with a broader range of equipment and services, and the ability to enhance the earning potential of our assets by transferring equipment among branches to satisfy customer needs. We executed a strategy focused on improving the profitability of our core equipment rental business through revenue growth, margin expansion, and operational efficiencies. We have focused on customer segmentation, customer service differentiation, rate management, fleet management, and operational efficiency. We believe these efforts will lead to even better service of our target accounts, primarily large construction and industrial customers, as well as select local contractors. We have a dedicated team responsible for reducing waste in our operational processes, with the objectives of optimizing our resources for delivery and pickup of equipment and improving the effectiveness and efficiency of our repair and maintenance operations. We believe that the expansion of our specialty business will further position us as a single source provider of total jobsite solutions through our extensive product and service resources and technology offerings. We continue to pursue strategic acquisitions to expand our core equipment rental business, which allows us to invest our capital to accomplish our strategic goals. The rental industry is cyclical, and we have experienced broad-based strength of demand across our end-markets. We have experienced and are continuing to experience inflationary pressures, and a portion of inflationary cost increases is passed on to customers. The impact of inflation and increased interest rates may continue to be significant in the future. We believe that our existing sources of cash will be sufficient to support our existing operations over the next 12 months. We plan to fund our cash requirements from our existing sources of cash and may seek additional financing through the securitization of some of our real estate or other financing sources as market conditions permit. We have made a number of acquisitions in the past and may continue to make acquisitions in the future. The designated restructuring programs generally involve the closure of a large number of branches over a short period of time, often in periods following a major acquisition, and result in significant costs that we would not normally incur absent a major acquisition or other triggering event. We believe that our strategic initiatives and operational flexibility will allow us to maintain positive adjustment under challenging conditions and enhance our organizational resilience.