We are a global biotechnology company that invests in scientific innovation to create transformative medicines for people with serious diseases, focusing on specialty markets. Our strategy involves continuing to develop and obtain approval and reimbursement for treatment regimens that will provide benefits to all people with cystic fibrosis (CF) and increasing the number of people with CF eligible and able to receive our medicines, including through label expansions and the development of new medicines. We believe that pursuing research in diverse areas allows us to balance the risks inherent in product development and may provide product candidates that will form our pipeline in future years. Our business requires ensuring appropriate manufacturing and reimbursement of our products. As we advance our product candidates through clinical development toward commercialization and market and sell our approved products, we build and maintain our supply chain and quality assurance resources. We rely on a global network of third parties and our internal capabilities to manufacture and distribute our products for commercial sale and post-approval clinical trials. We adapt our supply chain for existing products to include additional formulations or to increase the scale of production for existing products as needed. The processes for cell and genetic therapies can be more complex than those required for small molecule drugs and require additional investments in different systems, equipment, facilities, and expertise. We are focused on ensuring the stability of the supply chains for our current products, as well as for our pipeline programs. Our investments in product candidates are subject to considerable risks, and we closely monitor the results of our discovery, research, clinical trials, and nonclinical studies, frequently evaluating our product development programs in light of new data and scientific, business, and commercial insights. This process can result in rapid changes in focus and priorities as new information becomes available. We dedicate substantial management and other resources to obtain and maintain appropriate levels of reimbursement for our products from third-party payors, including governmental organizations in the U.S. and ex-U.S. markets. We plan to continue to engage in discussions with numerous commercial insurers and managed health care organizations to ensure that payors recognize the significant benefits that our therapies provide and provide patients with appropriate levels of access to our medicines and therapies now and in the future. Our strategy is to combine transformative advances in the understanding of causal human biology and the science of therapeutics to discover and develop innovative medicines. We expect to continue to focus significant resources to expand and maintain reimbursement for our CF medicines, casgevy, and ultimately pipeline therapies in U.S. and ex-U.S. markets. Our research and development expenses include internal and external costs incurred for research and development of our products and product candidates. We expect our development expenses to continue to increase due to our advancing pipeline programs. We have significant future capital requirements, including expected operating expenses to conduct research and development activities, manufacture and commercialize our existing and future products, and to operate our organization. Our obligation to fund these research and development and commercialization efforts and to pay potential milestones, expenses, and royalties is contingent upon continued involvement in the programs and/or the lack of any adverse events that could cause their discontinuance.