We are North America's leading provider of comprehensive environmental solutions, providing services throughout the United States and Canada. Our solid waste business is operated and managed locally by our subsidiaries that focus on distinct geographic areas and provide collection, transfer, disposal, recycling, and resource recovery services. We monitor developments in the waste industry to adapt our service offerings, promoting comprehensive services that go beyond our core business of collecting and disposing of waste. This includes expanding traditional recycling services and increasing organics collection and processing to meet the evolving needs of our diverse customer base. We believe the company's industry-leading asset network and strategic focus on investing in our people and our digital platform will provide the necessary tools to address the evolving challenges impacting the company and our industry. We remain focused on our automation and optimization investments to enhance our operational efficiency and change the way we interact with our customers. We are committed to continuous improvement and a differentiated customer experience, which includes investing in technology that enhances safety, reliability, and efficiency within our collection operations. Macroeconomic pressures, including inflation and rising interest rates, have impacted our results; however, we began to see moderate improvements during the second half of 2023. We continue to focus on our pricing efforts, as well as operating efficiencies and cost controls, to maintain our earnings and cash flow and facilitate growth. Our strategic focus, combined with strong operational execution, has resulted in increased revenue and income from operations. We remain diligent in offering a competitive and differentiated service that meets the needs of our customers, and we are focused on driving operating efficiencies and reducing discretionary spend. We continue to invest in our people through competitive wages and training for our team members. Our collection and disposal businesses provide integrated environmental services, and we evaluate these businesses primarily through geographic segments. The waste industry is a comparatively mature and stable industry; however, customers increasingly expect more of their waste materials to be recovered, and these waste streams are becoming more complex. We are taking bold steps to catalyze positive change that will impact our company and the communities we serve. Our sustainability report conveys the strong linkage between the company's sustainability goals and our growth strategy, inclusive of the planned and ongoing expansion of our recycling processing and sales and renewable energy segments. We dynamically manage our cost structure in response to volume changes and cost inflation, focusing on operational efficiency and efforts to control costs. Our collection and disposal businesses' operating revenues are primarily generated from fees charged for our services, influenced by factors such as collection frequency, type of collection equipment, and distance to disposal facilities. We continue to focus on adjusting our business models to protect against downside risks by spreading the inherent risk of changes in commodity prices across the vertically integrated value chain. We are committed to putting our people first to ensure that they are well-positioned to execute our daily operations diligently and safely.