Our objective is to also provide discussion of material events and uncertainties known to management that are reasonably likely to cause reported financial information not to be indicative of future results, which could differ materially from historical performance and from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors such as those discussed in item 1a. risk factors and forward-looking statements and factors that may affect future results sections of this md&a. We believe our investments in one of the industry's largest sales organizations, including our extensive network of technical and veterinary operations specialists, our high-quality manufacturing and reliability of supply, and our long track record of developing products that meet customer needs, has led to enduring and valued relationships with our customers. The diversity of our product portfolio and our global operations provides stability to our overall business. For instance, in livestock, impacts on our revenue that may result from disease outbreaks or weather conditions in a particular market or region are often offset by increased sales in other regions from exports and other species as consumers shift to other animal proteins. We recognize the increasing uncertainty in our industry and more broadly across the world. While we aim to improve our ability to predict, we more importantly aim to be proactive in how effectively we manage our resources and how quickly we can redeploy focus to emerging themes or priorities. We actively review and manage our resources, continuously improve key operational processes, and ensure strategic focus on our core business. Our research and development (R&D) efforts enable us to deliver innovative products to address unmet needs and evolve our product lines so that they remain relevant for our customers. We believe we are an industry leader in animal health R&D, with a track record of generating new products and product lifecycle innovation. Changing distribution channels for companion animal products may increase pet owner compliance and result in increased sales. We believe that animal health customers value high-quality manufacturing and reliability of supply. The importance of quality and safety concerns to pet owners, veterinarians, and livestock producers also contributes to animal health brand loyalty, which often continues after the loss of patent-based and regulatory exclusivity. We depend on positive perceptions of the safety and quality of our products by our customers, veterinarians, and end-users. Additionally, negative beliefs about animal health products generally could impact demand for our products. Our total revenue attributable to antibacterials for livestock was less than $950 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. We believe the ability of pet owners to purchase our products online and from retail stores may increase pet owner compliance and result in increased sales. However, over time, we may be unable to sustain our current margins due to the increased purchasing power of such retailers as compared to traditional veterinary practices. Adverse weather conditions, natural disasters, and climate change may also impact the aquaculture business. Changes in water temperatures could affect the timing of reproduction and growth of various fish species, as well as trigger the outbreak of certain waterborne diseases. We believe that our cash and cash equivalents on hand, our operating cash flows, and our existing financing arrangements will be sufficient to support our cash needs for the next twelve months and beyond, this may be subject to the environment in which we operate. We continue to monitor our liquidity position. There can be no assurance that a challenging economic environment or an economic downturn would not impact our ability to obtain financing in the future.