Factors that might cause those differences include those discussed in “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K. We operate six primary, independently managed brands—booking.com, priceline.com, kayak, agoda.com, rentalcars.com and opentable—and evaluate certain operating and financial measures on both an as-reported and constant-currency basis. Our business is driven primarily by international results, which represented approximately 88 percent of our consolidated gross profit during 2016, and we believe the highly fragmented nature of hotel properties in Europe and Asia, compared to the United States, underscores the appeal of our online reservation systems to small chains and independent hotels. We intend to continue to invest in adding accommodations available for reservation on our websites and, as part of our strategy to increase the number and variety of accommodations available on booking.com, are increasingly processing transactions on a merchant basis where we facilitate payments on behalf of customers—even though we will incur additional payment processing costs that will negatively impact our operating margins, we believe adding these properties and service offerings will benefit our customers and our gross bookings, room night and earnings growth rates. Concerns persist about the outlook for the global economy in general—including uncertainty in the European Union and China—and perceived or actual adverse economic conditions could impair consumer spending and adversely affect travel demand. At times, we have experienced volatility in transaction growth rates, increased cancellation rates and weaker trends in hotel ADRs across many regions, which we believe are due at least in part to macro-economic conditions and concerns. In addition, fluctuations in currency exchange rates have led to significant volatility in our foreign currency-denominated assets and metrics, and we generally enter into derivative instruments to minimize the impact of short-term currency fluctuations on the translation of our consolidated operating results into U.S. dollars. We compete globally with both online and traditional providers of travel and restaurant reservation services in intensely competitive markets and expect continued technological developments and consumer behavior changes—such as a significant shift of both direct and indirect business to mobile platforms—to influence our advertising and distribution opportunities and efficiency. We have observed an increase in promotional pricing to closed user groups, established widely used e-commerce brands through marketing and promotional campaigns and intend to continue investing in marketing and promotion, technology and personnel within parameters consistent with improving long-term operating results, even if those expenditures create near-term pressure on operating margins. We also intend to broaden our business scope through strategic alternatives such as mergers and acquisitions and aim to grow gross profit and achieve healthy operating margins to maintain profitability amid an uncertain and highly competitive environment. Our management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which requires significant estimates and assumptions, including periodic adjustments to stock-based compensation expense for performance-based awards and annual—and event-driven—reviews of goodwill and long-lived assets for potential impairment, with events and changing market conditions that may lead us to re-evaluate forecasts and recognize additional impairments. We determine our income tax expense based on statutory rates in jurisdictions where we operate, regularly review our deferred tax assets for recoverability considering historical profitability and projected future taxable income, and record valuation allowances as required. We intend to indefinitely reinvest the unremitted earnings of our international subsidiaries outside the United States, but, if that intention changes, we would incur related U.S. income tax expense. During 2016, we repurchased 762,984 shares of our common stock for approximately $1 billion and, in the first quarter of 2017, the Board of Directors authorized an additional $2 billion repurchase program, which may be funded with cash-on-hand, our revolving credit facility or debt capital markets. On February 7, 2017, we signed a definitive agreement to acquire the Momondo Group for approximately $550 million of international cash, subject to regulatory approval. These events or concerns are largely unpredictable, can dramatically affect consumer travel behavior and therefore demand for our services, and can adversely affect our business and results of operations.