item 7:      management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations introduction management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a) is intended to facilitate an understanding of applied's business and results of operations. this md&a should be read in conjunction with applied's consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this form 10-k. the following discussion contains forward-looking statements and should also be read in conjunction with the cautionary statement set forth at the beginning of this form 10-k. md&a consists of the following sections:
•applied's pandemic response
•overview: a summary of applied's business and measurements
•results of operations: a discussion of operating results
•segment information: a discussion of segment operating results
•recent accounting pronouncements: a discussion of new accounting pronouncements and its impact to applied's consolidated financial statements
•financial condition, liquidity and capital resources: an analysis of cash flows, sources and uses of cash
•contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements
•critical accounting policies and estimates: a discussion of critical accounting policies that require the exercise of judgments and estimates
•non-gaap adjusted results: a presentation of results reconciling gaap to non-gaap adjusted measures applied's pandemic response as the covid-19 pandemic emerged in 2020, applied materials responded quickly to put in place precautionary measures to keep its workplaces healthy and safe, while ensuring compliance with orders and restrictions imposed by government authorities, everywhere applied operates in the world. applied's top priority remains protecting the health and safety of its employees and their families, customers, suppliers and community. applied continues to support workplace flexibility and will work to respond appropriately to the impact of covid-19 on its business, its customers' and suppliers' businesses and its communities.
overview applied provides manufacturing equipment, services and software to the semiconductor, display, and related industries. applied's customers include manufacturers of semiconductor wafers and chips, liquid crystal and organic light-emitting diode (oled) displays, and other electronic devices. these customers may use what they manufacture in their own end products or sell the items to other companies for use in electronic products. each of applied's segments is subject to variable industry conditions, as demand for manufacturing equipment and services can change depending on supply and demand for chips, display technologies, and other electronic devices, as well as other factors, such as global economic, political and market conditions, and the nature and timing of technological advances in fabrication processes.
applied operates in three reportable segments: semiconductor systems, applied global services, and display and adjacent markets. a summary of financial information for each reportable segment is found in note 17 of notes to consolidated financial statements. a discussion of factors that could affect applied's operations is set forth under "risk factors" in part i, item 1a, which is incorporated herein by reference. product development and manufacturing activities occur primarily in the united states, europe, israel, and asia. applied's broad range of equipment and service products are highly technical and are sold primarily through a direct sales force.
applied's results are driven primarily by customer spending on capital equipment and services to support key technology transitions or to increase production volume in response to worldwide demand for semiconductors and displays. spending by semiconductor customers, which include companies that operate in the foundry, logic, memory, and other semiconductor chip markets, is driven by demand for electronic products, including smartphones and other mobile devices, servers, personal computers, automotive devices, storage, and other products. the growth of data and emerging end-market drivers such as artificial intelligence, the internet of things, 5g networks, smart vehicles and augmented and virtual reality are also creating the next wave of growth for the industry. as a result, products within the semiconductor systems segment are subject to significant changes in customer requirements, including transitions to smaller dimensions, increasingly complex chip architectures, new materials and an increasing number of applications. demand for display manufacturing equipment spending depends primarily on consumer demand for increasingly larger and more advanced tvs as well as larger and higher resolution displays for next-generation mobile devices, and investments in new types of display technologies. while certain existing technologies may be adapted to new requirements, some applications create the need for an entirely different technological approach. the timing of customer investment in manufacturing equipment is also affected by the timing of next-generation process development and the timing of capacity expansion to meet end-market demand. in light of these conditions, applied's results can vary significantly year-over-year, as well as quarter-over-quarter.
applied's strategic priorities include developing products that help solve customers' challenges at technology inflections; expanding its served market opportunities in the semiconductor and display industries; and growing its services business. applied's long-term growth strategy requires continued development of new materials engineering capabilities, including products and platforms that enable expansion into new and adjacent markets. applied's significant investments in research, development and engineering must generally enable it to deliver new products and technologies before the emergence of strong demand, thus allowing customers to incorporate these products into their manufacturing plans during early-stage technology selection. applied works closely with its global customers to design systems and processes that meet their planned technical and production requirements.
change gross margin                          46.5    %                       47.3    %                       44.7    %                        (0.8) points                          2.6 points operating income                    $7,788                          $6,889                          $4,365                              $899                              $2,524
operating margin                      30.2    %                       29.9    %                       25.4    %                          0.3 points                          4.5 points net income                          $6,525                          $5,888                          $3,619                              $637                              $2,269
semiconductor equipment customers continued to make strategic investments in new technology transitions and new capacity during fiscal 2022. foundry and logic spending increased in fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 driven by customer investments in both advanced and mature nodes. overall spending by memory customers was flat in fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 as they continued to maintain balance between supply and demand and invested in new technology.
applied saw continued growth in its services business in fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 driven by an increase in the installed base of equipment, the rate of customer equipment utilization, long-term service agreements and spares and legacy systems sales. applied's display and adjacent markets revenue decreased in fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 primarily due to decreased investment in display manufacturing equipment for tvs and mobile products.
while customer demand increased during fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021, supply chain and logistics constraints impacted applied's ability to fulfill demand in fiscal 2022. although there have been improvements in supply chain performance, applied expects some shortages to persist into fiscal 2023 and managing these supply chain constraints to increase shipments to customers remains a top priority.
in fiscal 2023, applied expects memory customers' spending to be lower as compared to fiscal 2022 due to some customers deferring capacity additions as a result of weakness in consumer electronics and personal computer markets. advanced foundry and logic demand is expected to remain strong in fiscal 2023 as customers continue to invest in new technology.
on october 7, 2022, the united states government announced new export regulations for u.s. semiconductor technology sold in china, including wafer fabrication equipment and related parts and services, that require export licenses and authorizations. these new export regulations resulted in lower net sales in china than expected for fiscal 2022. applied is pursuing additional export licenses and authorizations where needed. while applied currently estimates lower net sales to china of up to $2.5 billion and lower overall gross margin of up to 1% in fiscal 2023, applied is continuing to assess the implication of these complex regulations to its business. see also "risk factors - global trade issues and changes in and uncertainties with respect to trade policies and export regulations, including import and export license requirements, trade sanctions, tariffs and international trade disputes, have adversely impacted and could further adversely impact our business and operations, and reduce the competitiveness of our products relative to local and global competitors" for further details.
in response to the ongoing covid-19 pandemic and evolving conditions and worldwide response, applied made adjustments to its global operations and is actively managing its responses in collaboration with its employees, customers and suppliers. however, the situation remains fluid and uncertain. for additional risks associated with the ongoing covid-19 pandemic, see the risk factor entitled "the continued effects of covid-19 pandemic and global measures taken in response have adversely impacted, and may continue to adversely impact, applied's operations and financial results" in part i, item 1a, "risk factors."
results of operations net sales net sales for the periods indicated were as follows:
change semiconductor systems                 $18,797                     73%                                $16,286                     71%                                $11,367                     66%                     15      %                     43      %
applied global services                 5,543                     22%                                  5,013                     22%                                  4,155                     24%                     11      %                     21      %
display and adjacent markets            1,331                      5%                                  1,634                      7%                                  1,607                      9%                   (19)      %                      2      %
the semiconductor systems segment continued to represent the largest contributor of net sales. net sales in fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 increased primarily due to increased customer investments in semiconductor equipment as well as customer spending on spares and comprehensive service agreements.
net sales by geographic region, determined by the location of customers' facilities to which products were shipped, were as follows:
change the increases in net sales in all regions other than china and korea in fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 primarily reflected changes in semiconductor equipment spending and customer spending on comprehensive service agreements. the decrease in net sales to customers in china for fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 primarily reflected decreased investment in display manufacturing equipment and semiconductor equipment, partially offset by increased spending on spares and comprehensive service agreements. the decrease in net sales to customers in korea for fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 primarily reflected decreased investment in semiconductor equipment, partially offset by increased investment in display manufacturing equipment.
the changes in net sales in all regions in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 primarily reflected changes in investments in semiconductor manufacturing equipment and customer spending on comprehensive service agreements. the decrease in net sales to customers in japan for fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 primarily reflected a decrease in investments in semiconductor manufacturing equipment, partially offset by an increase in customer spending on comprehensive service agreements.
change gross margin            46.5   %                47.3   %                44.7   %               (0.8) points                     2.6 points gross margin in fiscal 2022 decreased compared to fiscal 2021 primarily driven by higher material, freight, and logistics costs and higher personnel costs due to an increase in headcount to provide manufacturing capacity and flexibility, partially offset by favorable changes in product mix and an increase in average selling prices.
gross margin in fiscal 2021 increased compared to fiscal 2020 primarily due to the increase in net sales and favorable changes in customer and product mix, partially offset by higher freight costs and higher personnel costs due to an increase in headcount to provide manufacturing capacity and flexibility.
gross margin during fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020 included $147 million, $118 million and $103 million, respectively, of share-based compensation expense.
research, development and engineering research, development and engineering (rd&e) expenses for the periods indicated were as follows:
change research, development and engineering           $2,771                  $2,485                  $2,234               $286                          $251
applied's future operating results depend to a considerable extent on its ability to maintain a competitive advantage in the equipment and service products it provides. development cycles range from 12 to 36 months depending on whether the product is an enhancement of an existing product, which typically has a shorter development cycle, or a new product, which typically has a longer development cycle. most of applied's existing products resulted from internal development activities and innovations involving new technologies, materials and processes. in certain instances, applied acquires technologies, either in existing or new product areas, to complement its existing technology capabilities and to reduce time to market.
management believes that it is critical to continue to make substantial investments in rd&e to assure the availability of innovative technology that meets the current and projected requirements of its customers' most advanced designs. applied has maintained and intends to continue its commitment to investing in rd&e in order to continue to offer new products and technologies.
applied continued its rd&e investments across semiconductor systems and display and adjacent markets on the development of new unit process systems and integrated materials solutions. areas of investment include etch, deposition, metrology and inspection, patterning, packaging and other technologies to improve chip performance, power, area, cost and time-to-market. in display and adjacent markets, rd&e investments were focused on expanding the company's market opportunity with new display technologies.
the increases in rd&e expenses during fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 were primarily due to additional headcount, higher consumable and equipment costs associated with ongoing product development and share-based compensation expense. the increases in rd&e expenses during fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 were primarily due to additional headcount and higher expense associated with share-based compensation and variable compensation. these increases reflect applied's ongoing investments in product development initiatives, consistent with the company's growth strategy. applied continued to prioritize existing rd&e investments in technical capabilities and critical research and development programs in current and new markets, with a focus on semiconductor technologies.
rd&e expenses during fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020 included $151 million, $129 million and $116 million, respectively, of share-based compensation expense.
marketing and selling marketing and selling expenses for the periods indicated were as follows:
change marketing and selling            $703                  $609                  $526               $94                           $83
marketing and selling expenses for fiscal 2022 increased compared to fiscal 2021 primarily due to additional headcount. marketing and selling expenses for fiscal 2021 increased compared to fiscal 2020 primarily due to additional headcount and higher variable compensation. marketing and selling expenses for fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020 included $49 million, $43 million and $36 million, respectively, of share-based compensation expense.
change g&a expenses during fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020 included $66 million, $56 million and $52 million, respectively, of share-based compensation expense.
change in the first quarter of fiscal 2021, applied enacted a severance plan (fiscal 2021 severance plan) to realign its workforce. under this plan, applied implemented a one-time voluntary retirement program and other workforce reduction actions. the voluntary retirement program was available to certain u.s. employees who met minimum age and length of service requirements, as well as other business-specific criteria. in addition, applied implemented other workforce reduction actions globally across the display and adjacent markets business.
deal termination fee operating income (loss) for fiscal 2021 included a $154 million deal termination fee associated with the termination of a share purchase agreement with kokusai electric corporation and kkr hke investment l. p. during the second quarter of fiscal 2021.
change interest expense incurred was primarily associated with the senior unsecured notes. interest expense in fiscal 2022 remained relatively flat compared fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020 due to the average principal balance of the senior unsecured notes remained consistent at $5.5 billion in each of the last three years.
interest and other income, net in fiscal 2022 decreased compared to fiscal 2021, primarily driven by higher net loss from equity investments, partially offset by higher interest income during fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021. interest and other income, net in fiscal 2021 increased compared to fiscal 2020, primarily driven by a higher net gain from equity investments, partially offset by lower interest income during fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020.
change effective income tax rate             14.1   %                  13.0   %                  13.1   %                       1.1   points                     (0.1)   points applied's provision for income taxes and effective tax rate are affected by the geographical composition of pre-tax income which includes jurisdictions with differing tax rates, conditional reduced tax rates and other income tax incentives. it is also affected by events that vary from period to period, such as changes in income tax laws and the resolution of prior years' income tax filings.
the effective tax rate for fiscal 2022 was higher than fiscal 2021 primarily due to a reduction of deferred tax assets related to a new tax incentive in singapore, partially offset by changes in uncertain tax positions. applied's effective tax rate for fiscal 2021 was slightly lower than fiscal 2020 primarily due to higher proportion of pre-tax income in lower tax jurisdictions, partially offset by resolutions of prior years' income tax filings.
on august 9, 2022, the u.s. government enacted the u.s. chips and science act ("chips act"). the chips act creates a 25% investment tax credit for certain investments in domestic semiconductor manufacturing. the credit is provided for qualifying property, which is placed in service after december 31, 2022, and any impact to applied would start in fiscal 2023.
on august 16, 2022, the u.s. government enacted the inflation reduction act. the inflation reduction act introduces a new 15% corporate minimum tax, based on adjusted financial statement income of certain large corporations. applicable corporations would be allowed to claim a credit for the minimum tax paid against regular tax in future years. the minimum tax impacts applied starting in fiscal 2024. the inflation reduction act also includes an excise tax that would impose a 1% surcharge on stock repurchases. this excise tax is effective january 1, 2023.
applied is currently evaluating the effect the chips act and the inflation reduction act will have on its consolidated financial statements.
segment information applied reports financial results in three segments: semiconductor systems, applied global services, and display and adjacent markets. a description of the products and services, as well as financial data, for each reportable segment can be found in note 17 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
the corporate and other category includes revenues from products, as well as costs of products sold, for fabricating solar photovoltaic cells and modules and certain operating expenses that are not allocated to its reportable segments and are managed separately at the corporate level. these operating expenses include costs for share-based compensation; certain management, finance, legal, human resource, and rd&e functions provided at the corporate level; and unabsorbed information technology and occupancy. in addition, applied does not allocate to its reportable segments restructuring, severance and asset impairment charges and any associated adjustments related to restructuring actions, unless these actions pertain to a specific reportable segment.
semiconductor systems segment the semiconductor systems segment is comprised primarily of capital equipment used to fabricate semiconductor chips. semiconductor industry spending on capital equipment is driven by demand for electronic products, including smartphones and other mobile devices, servers, personal computers, automotive electronics, storage, and other products, and the nature and timing of technological advances in fabrication processes, and as a result is subject to variable industry conditions. development efforts are focused on solving customers' key technical challenges in transistor, interconnect, patterning and packaging performance.
certain significant measures for the periods indicated were as follows:
change operating income           $6,969                      $6,311                      $3,714                        $658                            10      %                  $2,597                          70     %
operating margin             37.1   %                    38.8   %                    32.7   %                                                 (1.7) points                                                6.1 points net sales for semiconductor systems by end use application for the periods indicated were as follows:
dynamic random-access memory (dram)          19   %             19   %             20   %
semiconductor equipment customers continued to make strategic investments in new technology transitions and new capacity during fiscal 2022. foundry and logic spending increased in fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 driven by customer investment in both advanced and mature nodes. spending by dram customers increased and flash memory customers decreased in fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 due to changes in investments in new technology and capacity. operating margin for fiscal 2022 decreased compared to fiscal 2021, primarily driven by higher material, freight, logistics costs and higher personnel costs due to the hiring of additional headcount to provide manufacturing capacity and flexibility, partially offset by favorable changes in product mix and an increase in average selling prices. in fiscal 2022, three customers each accounted for at least 10 percent of this segment's total net sales, and together they accounted for approximately 49 percent of this segment's total net sales.
foundry and logic spending increased in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 driven by customer investment in both advanced and mature nodes. spending by memory customers also increased in fiscal 2021 compared to the prior year. operating margin for fiscal 2021 increased compared to fiscal 2020, primarily reflecting higher net sales and favorable changes in customer and product mix, partially offset by higher personnel costs due to the hiring of additional headcount to provide manufacturing capacity and flexibility, and higher freight costs.
there was no single region that accounted for at least 30 percent of total net sales for the semiconductor systems segment for any of the past three fiscal years.
applied global services segment the applied global services segment provides integrated solutions to optimize equipment and fab performance and productivity, including spares, upgrades, services, certain remanufactured earlier generation equipment and factory automation software for semiconductor, display and solar products.
demand for applied global services' solutions are driven by applied's large and growing installed base of manufacturing systems, and customers' needs to shorten ramp times, improve device performance and yield, and optimize factory output and operating costs. industry conditions that affect applied global services' sales of spares and services are primarily characterized by increases in semiconductor manufacturers' wafer starts and higher utilization rates, growth of the installed base of equipment, growing service intensity of newer tools, and the company's ability to sell more comprehensive service agreements.
certain significant measures for the periods indicated were as follows:
change operating income           $1,661                      $1,508                      $1,127                      $153                            10      %                  $381                          34     %
operating margin             30.0   %                    30.1   %                    27.1   %                                               (0.1) points                                              3.0 points net sales for fiscal 2022 increased compared to fiscal 2021 primarily due to higher customer spending on comprehensive service agreements, spares and legacy systems. operating margin for fiscal 2022 decreased compared to fiscal 2021 primarily due to higher expense related to an increase in headcount to support business growth and higher freight costs, partially offset by higher net sales in fiscal 2022. in fiscal 2022, one customer accounted for at least 10 percent of this segment's total net sales.
net sales for fiscal 2021 increased compared to fiscal 2020 primarily due to higher customer spending on comprehensive service agreements and spares, and the impact of an additional one week during fiscal 2021. operating margin for fiscal 2021 increased compared to fiscal 2020 primarily due to higher net sales, partially offset by higher expense related to an increase in headcount to support business growth and higher freight costs.
there was no single region that accounted for at least 30 percent of total net sales for the applied global services segment for any of the past three fiscal years.
display and adjacent markets segment the display and adjacent markets segment encompasses products for manufacturing liquid crystal and oled displays, and other display technologies for tvs, monitors, laptops, personal computers, electronic tablets, smart phones, other consumer-oriented devices, equipment upgrades and solar energy cells. the segment is focused on expanding its presence through technologically-differentiated equipment for manufacturing large-scale lcd tvs, oleds, low temperature polysilicon (ltps), metal oxide, and touch panel sectors; and development of products that provide customers with improved performance and yields.
display industry growth depends primarily on consumer demand for increasingly larger and more advanced tvs as well as larger and higher resolution displays for next-generation mobile devices. uneven spending patterns by customers in the display and adjacent markets segment can cause significant fluctuations quarter-over-quarter, as well as year-over-year.
certain significant measures for the periods presented were as follows:
change operating income             $260                        $314                        $291                   $(54)                            (17)     %                 $23                           8     %
operating margin             19.5   %                    19.2   %                    18.1   %                                                0.3 points                                            1.1 points net sales for fiscal 2022 decreased compared to fiscal 2021 primarily due to lower customer investments in display manufacturing equipment for tvs and mobile products. operating margin for fiscal 2022 increased compared to fiscal 2021 primarily due to reduction in headcount related costs as headcount moved to open positions within semiconductor systems and applied global services segments, offset by higher material costs. in fiscal 2022, three customers each accounted for at least 10 percent of this segment's net sales, and together they accounted for approximately 60 percent of this segment's total net sales.
net sales for fiscal 2021 remained relatively flat compared to fiscal 2020 primarily due to higher customer investment in display manufacturing equipment for tvs, offset by a decrease in customer investments in display manufacturing equipment for mobile products. operating margin for fiscal 2021 increased compared to fiscal 2020 primarily due to higher net sales and favorable changes in customer and product mix.
the following region accounted for at least 30 percent of total net sales for the display and adjacent markets segment for one or more of the periods presented:
change recent accounting pronouncements for a description of recent accounting pronouncements, including the expected dates of adoption and estimated effects, if any, on applied's consolidated financial statements, see note 1, "summary of significant accounting policies," of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
financial condition, liquidity and capital resources applied's cash, cash equivalents and investments consist of the following:
sources and uses of cash a summary of cash provided by (used in) operating, investing, and financing activities is as follows:
cash provided by operating activities        $5,399                    $5,442                    $3,804
operating activities cash from operating activities for fiscal 2022 was $5.4 billion, which reflects net income adjusted for the effect of non-cash charges and changes in working capital components. non-cash charges included depreciation, amortization, severance and related charges, share-based compensation and deferred income taxes. cash provided by operating activities remained relatively flat in fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 primarily due to higher inventory and income tax payments, partially offset by higher net income and lower year over year increase in accounts receivable. cash provided by operating activities increased in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 primarily due to higher net income, partially offset by an increase in the accounts receivable balance.
applied has agreements with various financial institutions to sell accounts receivable and discount promissory notes from selected customers. applied sells its accounts receivable generally without recourse. applied, from time to time, also discounts letters of credit issued by customers through various financial institutions. the discounting of letters of credit depends on many factors, including the willingness of financial institutions to discount the letters of credit and the cost of such arrangements. applied sold $1.0 billion, $1.3 billion and $1.2 billion of accounts receivable during fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. applied did not discount letters of credit issued by customers in fiscal 2022 and 2021. applied discounted letters of credit issued by customers of $105 million in fiscal 2020. there was no discounting of promissory notes in each of fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020. financing charges on the sale of receivables and discounting of letters of credit are included in interest expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and were not material for all years presented.
applied's working capital was $8.5 billion at october 30, 2022 and $9.8 billion at october 31, 2021.
days sales outstanding at the end of fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020 was 82 days, 74 days, and 57 days, respectively. days sales outstanding varies due to the timing of shipments and payment terms. the increase in days sales outstanding at the end of fiscal 2022 was primarily due to higher accounts receivable balance as a result of the timing of customer payments and lower accounts receivables factoring compared to the end of fiscal 2021. the increase in days sales outstanding at the end of fiscal 2021 was primarily due to unfavorable revenue linearity and lower account receivable factoring compared to the end of fiscal 2020.
investing activities applied used $1.4 billion, $1.2 billion and $130 million of cash in investing activities in fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. capital expenditures in fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020 were $787 million, $668 million and $422 million, respectively. capital expenditures were primarily for investments in demonstration and testing equipment, real property acquisitions and improvements, and network equipment. net cash paid for acquisitions in fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020 were $441 million, $12 million and $107 million, respectively. purchases of investments, net of proceeds from sales and maturities of investments, for 2022 and 2021 was $129 million and $536 million, respectively. proceeds from sales and maturities of investments, net of purchase of investments were $399 million for fiscal 2020. investing activities also included investments in technology to allow applied to access new market opportunities or emerging technologies.
applied's investment portfolio consists principally of investment grade money market mutual funds, u.s. treasury and agency securities, municipal bonds, corporate bonds and mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities, as well as equity securities. applied regularly monitors the credit risk in its investment portfolio and takes appropriate measures, which may include the sale of certain securities, to manage such risks prudently in accordance with its investment policies.
financing activities applied used $7.0 billion of cash in financing activities in fiscal 2022, consisting primarily of repurchases of common stock of $6.1 billion, cash dividends to stockholders of $873 million and tax withholding payments for vested equity awards of $266 million, offset by proceeds received from common stock issuances of $199 million.
applied used $4.6 billion of cash in financing activities in fiscal 2021, consisting primarily of repurchases of common stock of $3.8 billion, cash dividends to stockholders of $838 million and tax withholding payments for vested equity awards of $178 million, offset by proceeds received from common stock issuances of $175 million.
applied used $1.3 billion of cash in financing activities in fiscal 2020, consisting primarily of the repayment of $1.4 billion senior notes, repurchases of common stock of $649 million, cash dividends to stockholders of $787 million and tax withholding payments for vested equity awards of $172 million, offset by net proceeds received from the issuance of senior unsecured notes of $1.5 billion and proceeds from common stock issuances of $174 million.
in march 2022, applied's board of directors approved a common stock repurchase program authorizing $6.0 billion in repurchases, which supplemented the previously existing $7.5 billion authorization approved in march 2021. at october 30, 2022, approximately $4.9 billion remained available for future stock repurchases under the repurchase program.
during fiscal 2022, applied's board of directors declared one quarterly cash dividend of $0.24 per share and three quarterly cash dividends of $0.26 per share. during fiscal 2021, applied's board of directors declared one quarterly cash dividend of $0.22 per share and three quarterly cash dividends of $0.24 per share. during fiscal 2020, applied's board of directors declared one quarterly cash dividend of $0.21 per share and three quarterly cash dividends of $0.22 per share. dividends paid during fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020 amounted to $873 million, $838 million and $787 million, respectively. applied currently anticipates that cash dividends will continue to be paid on a quarterly basis, although the declaration of any future cash dividend is at the discretion of the board of directors and will depend on applied's financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, business conditions and other factors, as well as a determination by the board of directors that cash dividends are in the best interests of applied's stockholders.
applied has credit facilities for unsecured borrowings in various currencies of up to $1.6 billion, of which $1.5 billion is comprised of a committed revolving credit agreement (revolving credit agreement) with a group of banks. the revolving credit agreement includes a provision under which applied may request an increase in the amount of the facility of up to $500 million for a total commitment of no more than $2.0 billion, subject to the receipt of commitments from one or more lenders for any such increase and other customary conditions. the revolving credit agreement is scheduled to expire in february 2025, unless extended as permitted under the revolving credit agreement. the revolving credit agreement provides for borrowings in united states dollars that bear interest for each advance at one of two rates selected by applied, plus an applicable margin, which varies according to applied's public debt credit ratings. in july 2022, applied entered into an amendment to the revolving credit agreement which replaced the london interbank offered rate (libor) as a reference rate for borrowings with the secured overnight financing rate (sofr). the revolving credit agreement includes financial and other covenants with which applied was in compliance as of october 30, 2022.
remaining credit facilities in the amount of approximately $54 million are with japanese banks. applied's ability to borrow under these facilities is subject to bank approval at the time of the borrowing request, and any advances will be at rates indexed to the banks' prime reference rate denominated in japanese yen.
applied has a short-term commercial paper program under which applied may issue unsecured commercial paper notes of up to a total amount of $1.5 billion. as of october 30, 2022, applied did not have any commercial paper outstanding but may issue commercial paper notes under this program from time to time in the future. subsequent to the end of fiscal 2022, applied issued $200 million of short-term commercial paper with a weighted-average interest rate of 4.30% and maturities ranging from 43 days to 71 days. the commercial paper program is backstopped by the revolving credit agreement and borrowings under the revolving credit agreement reduce the amount of commercial paper notes applied can issue.
applied had senior unsecured notes in the aggregate principal amount of $5.5 billion outstanding as of october 30, 2022. see note 10 of the notes to the consolidated condensed financial statements for additional discussion of existing debt. applied may seek to refinance its existing debt and may incur additional indebtedness depending on applied's capital requirements and the availability of financing.
others on december 22, 2017, the u.s. government enacted the tax cuts and jobs act (tax act). the tax act requires a one-time transition tax on certain unrepatriated earnings of foreign subsidiaries. the transition tax expense is payable in installments over eight years, with eight percent due in each of the first five years starting with fiscal 2018. as of october 30, 2022, applied had $694 million of total payments remaining, payable in installments in the next four years.
beginning in fiscal 2023, the tax act eliminates the option to deduct research and development expenditures currently and requires taxpayers to capitalize and amortize them over five or fifteen years. although congress is considering legislation that would defer the capitalization and amortization requirement, there is no assurance that the provision will be repealed or otherwise modified. if the requirement is not modified, it may reduce our cash flows beginning in fiscal 2023.
although cash requirements will fluctuate based on the timing and extent of factors such as those discussed above, applied's management believes that cash generated from operations, together with the liquidity provided by existing cash balances and borrowing capability, will be sufficient to satisfy applied's liquidity requirements for the next 12 months. for further details regarding applied's operating, investing and financing activities, see the consolidated statements of cash flows in this report.
for details on standby letters of credit, guarantee instruments and other agreements with banks, see off-balance sheet arrangements below.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements applied has certain on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet obligation arrangements to make future payments under various contracts. certain contractual arrangements which are recorded on applied's balance sheet include borrowing facilities and debts and operating leases obligations.
borrowing facilities and debt obligations as of october 30, 2022, applied has $5.5 billion in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes with varying maturities. future interest payments associated with these unsecured notes were $3.0 billion, of which $205 million is due within 12 months and the remaining interest payments are due beyond 12 months. see note 10, borrowing facilities and debt, of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion related to applied's borrowing facilities and debt obligations.
operating lease obligations as of october 30, 2022, applied's operating lease obligation was $407 million related to various operating lease arrangements for certain facilities and equipment. see note 11, lease, of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion relating to these operating lease obligations.
purchase obligations as of october 30, 2022, applied has $7.3 billion of purchase obligations for goods and services, of which $7.0 billion is payable within 12 months and the remaining amount is payable beyond 12 months.
deemed repatriation tax payable as of october 30, 2022, applied has $694 million of transition tax liability, of which $82 million is payable within 12 months and the remaining amount is payable beyond 12 months. this transition tax liability is associated with the deemed repatriation of accumulated foreign earnings as a result of the enactment of the tax cuts and jobs act into law on december 22, 2017.
other long-term liabilities applied also has the obligation to fund its pension, postretirement and deferred compensation plans. applied evaluates the need to make contributions to its pension and postretirement benefit plans after considering the funded status of the plans, movements in the discount rate, performance of the plan assets and related tax consequences. payments to the plans would be dependent on these factors and could vary across a wide range of amounts and time periods. payments for deferred compensation plans are dependent on activity by participants, making the timing of payments uncertain. information on applied's pension, postretirement benefit and deferred compensation plans is presented in note 14, employee benefit plans, of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
as of october 30, 2022, the gross liability for unrecognized tax benefits that was not expected to result in payment of cash within one year was $489 million. interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions that were not expected to result in payment of cash within one year of october 30, 2022 was $103 million. at this time, applied is unable to reliably estimate the timing of payments due to uncertainties in the timing of tax audit outcomes.
off-balance sheet arrangements in the ordinary course of business, applied provides standby letters of credit or other guarantee instruments to third parties as required for certain transactions initiated by either applied or its subsidiaries. these include agreements with various banks to facilitate subsidiary banking operations worldwide, including overdraft arrangements. applied also has agreements with various banks to facilitate subsidiary banking operations worldwide, including overdraft arrangements, issuance of bank guarantees, and letters of credit. see note 16, warranty, guarantees, commitments and contingencies, of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion relating to these arrangements.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of consolidated financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america requires management to make judgments, assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts reported. note 1 of notes to consolidated financial statements describes the significant accounting policies used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. certain of these significant accounting policies are considered to be critical accounting policies.
a critical accounting policy is defined as one that is both material to the presentation of applied's consolidated financial statements and that requires management to make difficult, subjective or complex judgments that could have a material effect on applied's financial condition or results of operations. specifically, these policies have the following attributes: (1) applied is required to make assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time of the estimate; and (2) different estimates applied could reasonably have used, or changes in the estimate that are reasonably likely to occur, would have a material effect on applied's financial condition or results of operations.
estimates and assumptions about future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty. applied bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions believed to be applicable and reasonable under the circumstances. these estimates may change as new events occur, as additional information is obtained and as applied's operating environment changes. these changes have historically been minor and have been included in the consolidated financial statements as soon as they became known. in addition, management is periodically faced with uncertainties, the outcomes of which are not within its control and will not be known for prolonged periods of time. these uncertainties include those discussed in part i, item 1a, "risk factors." based on a critical assessment of its accounting policies and the underlying judgments and uncertainties affecting the application of those policies, management believes that applied's consolidated financial statements are fairly stated in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america, and provide a meaningful presentation of applied's financial condition and results of operations.
management believes that the following are critical accounting policies and estimates:
revenue recognition applied recognizes revenue when promised goods or services (performance obligations) are transferred to a customer in an amount that reflects the consideration to which applied expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. applied performs the following five steps to determine when to recognize revenue: (1) identification of the contract(s) with customers, (2) identification of the performance obligations in the contract, (3) determination of the transaction price, (4) allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract, and (5) recognition of revenue when, or as, a performance obligation is satisfied. management uses judgment to identify performance obligations within a contract and to determine whether multiple promised goods or services in a contract should be accounted for separately or as a group. judgment is also used in interpreting commercial terms and determining when transfer of control occurs. moreover, judgment is used to estimate the contract's transaction price and allocate it to each performance obligation. any material changes in the identification of performance obligations, determination and allocation of the transaction price to performance obligations, and determination of when transfer of control occurs to the customer, could impact the timing and amount of revenue recognition, which could have a material effect on applied's financial condition and results of operations.
warranty costs applied provides for the estimated cost of warranty when revenue is recognized. estimated warranty costs are determined by analyzing specific product, current and historical configuration statistics and regional warranty support costs. applied's warranty obligation is affected by product and component failure rates, material usage and labor costs incurred in correcting product failures during the warranty period. as applied's customer engineers and process support engineers are highly trained and deployed globally, labor availability is a significant factor in determining labor costs. the quantity and availability of critical replacement parts is another significant factor in estimating warranty costs. unforeseen component failures or exceptional component performance can also result in changes to warranty costs. if actual warranty costs differ substantially from applied's estimates, revisions to the estimated warranty liability would be required, which could have a material effect on applied's business, financial condition and results of operations.
allowance for credit losses applied maintains an allowance for credit losses for estimated losses resulting from the inability of its customers to make required payments. this allowance is based on historical experience, credit evaluations, specific customer collection history and any customer-specific issues applied has identified. changes in circumstances, such as an unexpected material adverse change in a major customer's ability to meet its financial obligation to applied or its payment trends, may require applied to further adjust its estimates of the recoverability of amounts due to applied, which could have a material adverse effect on applied's business, financial condition and results of operations.
inventory valuation inventories are generally stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value, with cost determined on a first-in, first-out (fifo) basis. the carrying value of inventory is reduced for estimated obsolescence by the difference between its cost and the estimated net realizable value based upon assumptions about future demand. applied evaluates the inventory carrying value for potential excess and obsolete inventory exposures by analyzing historical and anticipated demand. in addition, inventories are evaluated for potential obsolescence due to the effect of known and anticipated engineering change orders and new products. if actual demand were to be substantially lower than estimated, additional adjustments for excess or obsolete inventory may be required, which could have a material adverse effect on applied's business, financial condition and results of operations.
goodwill and intangible assets applied reviews goodwill and intangible assets for impairment annually during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. the process of evaluating the potential impairment of goodwill and intangible assets requires significant judgment, especially in emerging markets. when reviewing goodwill for impairment, applied first performs a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value.
in performing a qualitative assessment, applied considers business conditions and other factors including, but not limited to (i) adverse industry or economic trends, (ii) restructuring actions and lower projections that may impact future operating results, (iii) sustained decline in share price, and (iv) overall financial performance and other events affecting the reporting units. if applied concludes that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then a quantitative impairment test is performed by estimating the fair value of the reporting unit and comparing it to its carrying value. if the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, applied would record an impairment charge equal to the excess of the carrying value of the reporting unit over its fair value.
applied determines the fair value of each reporting unit based on a weighting of an income and a market approach. applied bases the fair value estimates on assumptions that it believes to be reasonable but that are unpredictable and inherently uncertain. under the income approach, applied estimates the fair value based on discounted cash flow method.
the estimates used in the impairment testing are consistent with the discrete forecasts that applied uses to manage its business, and considers any significant developments during the period. under the discounted cash flow method, cash flows beyond the discrete forecasts are estimated using a terminal growth rate, which considers the long-term earnings growth rate specific to the reporting units. the estimated future cash flows are discounted to present value using each reporting unit's weighted average cost of capital. the weighted average cost of capital measures a reporting unit's cost of debt and equity financing weighted by the percentage of debt and equity in a reporting unit's target capital structure. in addition, the weighted average cost of capital is derived using both known and estimated market metrics, and is adjusted to reflect both the timing and risks associated with the estimated cash flows. the tax rate used in the discounted cash flow method is the median tax rate of comparable companies and reflects applied's current international structure, which is consistent with the market participant perspective. under the market approach, applied uses the guideline company method which applies market multiples to forecasted revenues and earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. applied uses market multiples that are consistent with comparable publicly-traded companies and considers each reporting unit's size, growth and profitability relative to its comparable companies.
intangible assets, such as purchased technology, are generally recorded in connection with a business acquisition. the value assigned to intangible assets is usually based on estimates and judgments regarding expectations for the success and life cycle of products and technology acquired. if actual product acceptance differs significantly from the estimates, applied may be required to record an impairment charge to reduce the carrying value of the reporting unit to its estimated fair value.
income taxes applied's provision for income taxes and effective tax rate are affected by the geographical composition of pre-tax income which includes jurisdictions with differing tax rates, conditional reduced tax rates and other income tax incentives. it is also affected by events that are not consistent from period to period, such as changes to income tax laws and the resolution of prior years' income tax filings.
applied recognizes a current tax liability for the estimated amount of income tax payable on tax returns for the current fiscal year. deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax effects of temporary differences between the book and tax bases of assets and liabilities. deferred tax assets are also recognized for net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. deferred tax assets are offset by a valuation allowance to the extent it is more likely than not that they are not expected to be realized.
applied recognizes tax benefits from uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the position. the tax benefits recognized from such positions are estimated based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. any changes in judgment related to uncertain tax positions are recognized in applied's provision for income taxes in the quarter in which such change occurs. interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions are recognized in applied's provision for income taxes.
the calculation of applied's provision for income taxes and effective tax rate involves significant judgment in estimating the impact of uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws. resolution of these uncertainties in a manner inconsistent with applied's expectations could have a material impact on applied's results of operations and financial condition.
non-gaap adjusted financial results management uses non-gaap adjusted financial measures to evaluate the company's operating and financial performance and for planning purposes, and as performance measures in its executive compensation program. applied believes these measures enhance an overall understanding of its performance and investors' ability to review the company's business from the same perspective as the company's management and facilitate comparisons of this period's results with prior periods on a consistent basis by excluding items that management does not believe are indicative of applied's ongoing operating performance.
the non-gaap adjusted financial measures presented below are adjusted to exclude the impact of certain costs, expenses, gains and losses, including certain items related to mergers and acquisitions; restructuring and severance charges and any associated adjustments; certain incremental expenses related to covid-19; impairments of assets; gain or loss on strategic investments; loss on early extinguishment of debt; certain income tax items and other discrete adjustments. reconciliations of these non-gaap measures to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with gaap are provided in the financial tables presented below. there are limitations in using non-gaap financial measures because the non-gaap financial measures are not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, may be different from non-gaap financial measures used by other companies, and may exclude certain items that may have a material impact upon our reported financial results. the presentation of this additional information is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the directly comparable financial measures prepared in accordance with gaap.
the following tables present a reconciliation of the gaap and non-gaap adjusted consolidated results for the past three fiscal years:
unaudited reconciliation of gaap to non-gaap adjusted results non-gaap adjusted gross profit reported gross profit - gaap basis                                                       $11,993                  $10,914                   $7,692
non-gaap adjusted gross profit                                                           $12,019                  $10,955                   $7,752
non-gaap adjusted operating income reported operating income - gaap basis                                                    $7,788                   $6,889                   $4,365
non-gaap adjusted operating income                                                        $7,861                   $7,322                   $4,529
non-gaap adjusted operating margin                                                          30.5   %                 31.7   %                 26.3   %
realized loss (gain) on strategic investments, net                                           (3)                     (43)                      (1)
unrealized loss (gain) on strategic investments, net                                         (4)                     (56)                      (8)
loss on early extinguishment of debt                                                           -                        -                           33
resolution of prior years' income tax filings and other tax items                           (80)                       33                     (41)
income tax effect of non-gaap adjustments4                                                   (3)                     (33)                     (35)
these items are incremental charges attributable to completed acquisitions, consisting of amortization of purchased intangible assets.
the severance and related charges primarily related to a one-time voluntary retirement program offered to certain eligible employees.
adjustment to provision for income taxes related to non-gaap adjustments reflected in income before income taxes.
unaudited reconciliation of gaap to non-gaap adjusted results realized loss (gain) on strategic investments, net                                             -                  (0.03)                       -
unrealized loss (gain) on strategic investments, net                                      (0.01)                  (0.05)                  (0.01)
loss on early extinguishment of debt                                                           -                       -                    0.03
resolution of prior years' income tax filings and other tax items                         (0.09)                    0.04                  (0.04)
weighted average number of diluted shares                                                       877                     919                     923
the following table presents a reconciliation of the gaap and non-gaap adjusted segment results for the past three fiscal years:
unaudited reconciliation of gaap to non-gaap adjusted results semiconductor systems non-gaap adjusted operating income reported operating income - gaap basis                                              $6,969                   $6,311                   $3,714
non-gaap adjusted operating income                                                  $7,000                   $6,362                   $3,778
non-gaap adjusted operating margin                                                    37.2   %                 39.1   %                 33.2   %
ags non-gaap adjusted operating income reported operating income - gaap basis                                              $1,661                   $1,508                   $1,127
non-gaap adjusted operating income                                                  $1,661                   $1,517                   $1,135
non-gaap adjusted operating margin                                                    30.0   %                 30.3   %                 27.3   %
display and adjacent markets non-gaap adjusted operating income reported operating income - gaap basis                                                $260                     $314                     $291
non-gaap adjusted operating income                                                    $263                     $327                     $304
non-gaap adjusted operating margin                                                    19.8   %                 20.0   %                 18.9   %
1        these items are incremental charges attributable to completed acquisitions, consisting of amortization of purchased intangible assets.
the severance and related charges related to workforce reduction actions globally across the display and adjacent markets business.
note: the reconciliation of gaap and non-gaap adjusted segment results above does not include certain revenues, costs of products sold and operating expenses that are reported within corporate and other and included in consolidated operating income.