item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis provides information management believes to be relevant to understanding the financial condition and results of operations of boston scientific corporation and its subsidiaries for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021. for a full understanding of our financial condition and results of operations, this discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k.
for additional information on our financial condition and results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2020, refer to our previously filed annual report on form 10-k.
economic trends uncertainty around inflationary pressures, rising interest rates, monetary policy and changes in tax laws could potentially cause new, or exacerbate existing, economic challenges that we may face, including the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on our results of operations. these conditions could worsen, or others could arise, if the u.s. and global economies were to enter recessionary periods, triggered or exacerbated by monetary policy designed to curb inflation. existing and future potential geopolitical dynamics, including matters related to the russia/ukraine war, as well as the tension between china/taiwan, may create economic, supply chain, energy, and other challenges, which impact, and may in the future negatively impact our business. in particular, international conflicts may result in sanctions, tariffs, and other measures that restrict international trade and negatively affect our business operations and results. in 2022, we experienced increases in cost and limited availability of raw materials, components, and other inputs necessary to manufacture and distribute our products due to constraints and inflation within the global supply chain, as well as increases in wage costs and the cost and time to distribute our products. in 2023, we expect the impact of macroeconomic and supply chain conditions on our business to be similar to 2022.
covid-19 pandemic in march 2020, the world health organization declared covid-19, including all additional variations and strains thereof, a global pandemic (covid-19 pandemic). economic conditions created in part by the covid-19 pandemic, have had, and may in the future have, a negative impact on our profitability. further, the resurgence of covid-19 infections and the emergence of new, more contagious variant strains of covid-19, as well as staffing shortages within healthcare facilities, may negatively impact demand for our products, net sales, gross profit margin and operating expenses as a percentage of net sales. while the covid-19 pandemic and related impacts may continue to negatively impact our performance to an extent, we continue to believe our long-term fundamentals remain strong and we intend to manage through these challenges with strategic focus and the winning spirit of our global team.
executive summary financial highlights and trends in 2022, we generated net sales of $12.682 billion, compared to $11.888 billion in 2021. this increase of $794 million, or 6.7 percent, included operational growth of 11.1 percent and the negative impact of 440 basis points from foreign currency fluctuations. operational net sales growth included organic net sales growth of 8.7 percent in 2022 and the positive impact of 240 basis points from our acquisitions of preventice solutions, inc. (preventice), farapulse, inc. (farapulse), the global surgical business of lumenis, ltd (lumenis) and baylis medical company inc. (baylis medical) for which there is less than a full period of comparable net sales. the increase in our net sales was primarily driven by recent acquisitions as well as the strength and diversity of our product portfolio coupled with growth in the underlying markets in which we compete and strong commercial execution. refer to the business and market overview section for further discussion of our net sales by global business.
our reported net income available to common stockholders in 2022 was $642 million, or $0.45 per diluted share. our reported results for 2022 included certain charges and/or credits which are excluded by management for purposes of assessing operating performance, totaling $1.816 billion (after-tax), or $1.26 per diluted share. excluding these items, adjusted net income available to common stockholders1 for 2022 was $2.459 billion, or $1.71 per diluted share.
our reported net income available to common stockholders in 2021 was $985 million, or $0.69 per diluted share. our reported results for 2021 included certain charges and/or credits which are excluded by management for purposes of assessing operating performance, totaling $1.351 billion (after-tax), or $0.94 per diluted share. excluding these items, adjusted net income available to common stockholders1 for 2021 was $2.336 billion, or $1.63 per diluted share.
operational net sales growth rates, which exclude the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, and other adjusted measures, including organic net sales, which exclude certain items required by generally accepted accounting principles in the united states (u.s. gaap), are not prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap and should not be considered in isolation from, or as a replacement for, the most directly comparable gaap measure. refer to additional information for a discussion of management's use of these non-gaap financial measures.
organic net sales growth excludes the impact of foreign currency fluctuations and net sales attributable to acquisitions and divestitures for which there are less than a full period of comparable net sales.
the following is a reconciliation of our results of operations prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap to those adjusted results considered by management. refer to results of operations for a discussion of each reconciling item:
(in millions, except per share data)                                                   income (loss) before income taxes        income tax expense (benefit)       net income (loss)   preferred stock dividends            net income (loss) available to common stockholders        impact per share(3)
non-gaap adjustments:
intangible asset impairment charges                                                                    132                                  (29)                         102           -                                                                102                                 0.07
deferred tax expenses (benefits)                                                                         -                                   140                         140           -                                                                140                                 0.10
(in millions, except per share data)                                                   income (loss) before income taxes        income tax expense (benefit)       net income (loss)   preferred stock dividends            net income (loss) available to common stockholders        impact per share(3)
non-gaap adjustments:
intangible asset impairment charges                                                                    370                                  (51)                         318           -                                                                318                                 0.22
deferred tax expenses (benefits)                                                                         -                                   132                         132           -                                                                132                                 0.09
(3) for 2022 and 2021, the effect of assuming the conversion of our series a 5.5% mandatory convertible preferred stock (mcps) into shares of common stock was anti-dilutive, and therefore excluded from the calculation of eps. accordingly, gaap net income (loss) and adjusted net income were reduced by cumulative preferred stock dividends, as presented in our consolidated statements of operations, for purposes of calculating gaap net income (loss) available to common stockholders.
business and market overview in the first quarter of 2022, we reorganized our operational structure and have aggregated our core businesses, each of which generate revenues from the sale of medical devices into two reportable segments: medsurg and cardiovascular. within the cardiovascular segment, the newly formed cardiology division represents the combined former rhythm management and interventional cardiology divisions. we have revised prior periods to conform to the current year presentation. the following section describes our results of operations by reportable segment and business unit. for additional information on our businesses and their product offerings, see item 1. business of this annual report on form 10-k.
medsurg endoscopy our endoscopy business develops and manufactures devices to diagnose and treat a broad range of gastrointestinal and pulmonary conditions with innovative, less invasive technologies. net sales of endoscopy products of $2.221 billion represented 18 percent of our consolidated net sales in 2022. endoscopy net sales increased $80 million, or 3.7 percent, in 2022 compared to 2021. this increase included operational net sales growth of 8.1 percent and the negative impact of 440 basis points from foreign currency fluctuations. these year-over-year changes were primarily driven by our biliary franchise led by our axiostm stent and delivery system and our single-use imaging franchise, including our exalttm d single-use duodenoscope, as well as our infection prevention and hemostasis franchises.
urology our urology business develops and manufactures devices to treat various urological and pelvic conditions for both male and female anatomies, including kidney stones, benign prostatic hyperplasia (bph), prostate cancer, erectile dysfunction and incontinence. net sales of urology products of $1.773 billion represented 14 percent of our consolidated net sales in 2022. urology net sales increased $190 million, or 12.0 percent, in 2022 compared to 2021. this increase included operational net sales growth of 14.9 percent and the negative impact of 290 basis points from foreign currency fluctuations.
operational net sales growth included organic net sales growth of 9.7 percent in 2022 and the positive impact of 530 basis points from our acquisition of lumenis in the third quarter of 2021. organic net sales growth was driven by our stone management franchise led by our lithovuetm system, our prosthetic urology franchise and our prostate health franchise led by our rezumtm system and spaceoartm hydrogel.
neuromodulation our neuromodulation business develops and manufactures devices to treat various neurological movement disorders and manage chronic pain. net sales of neuromodulation products of $917 million represented seven percent of our consolidated net sales in 2022. neuromodulation net sales increased $8 million, or less than one percent, in 2022 compared to 2021. this increase included operational net sales growth of 3.5 percent and the negative impact of 260 basis points from foreign currency fluctuations. operational net sales performance reflects growth within our spinal cord stimulation (scs) franchise driven by our wavewriter alphatm scs system, strong procedural volumes of our vercise genustm dbs systems as well as the recent launch of the vercisetm 2-in-1 lead extension, largely offset by the impact of reimbursement challenges in the u.s. related to our vertiflex superiontm indirect decompression system.
cardiovascular cardiology our cardiology business develops and manufactures devices and medical technologies for diagnosing and treating a variety of diseases and abnormalities of the heart. net sales of cardiology products of $5.932 billion represented 47 percent of our consolidated net sales in 2022. cardiology net sales increased $510 million, or 9.4 percent, in 2022 compared to 2021. this increase included operational net sales growth of 14.5 percent and the negative impact of 510 basis points from foreign currency fluctuations. operational net sales growth included organic net sales growth of 10.4 percent in 2022 and the positive impact of 400 basis points from our acquisitions of preventice, farapulse and baylis medical in the first and third quarter of 2021 and the first quarter of 2022, respectively.
organic sales growth was primarily driven by continued market expansion of left atrial appendage closure (laac) procedures with our watchmantm flx laac device, as well as performance of our cardiac diagnostics franchise, polarxtm and farapulsetm ablation systems and percutaneous coronary intervention guidance franchises.
peripheral interventions our peripheral interventions business develops and manufactures products to diagnose and treat peripheral arterial and venous diseases, as well as products to diagnose, treat and ease various forms of cancer. net sales of peripheral interventions products of $1.899 billion represented 15 percent of our consolidated net sales in 2022. peripheral interventions net sales increased $79 million, or 4.4 percent, in 2022 compared to 2021. this increase included operational net sales growth of 9.1 percent and the negative impact of 480 basis points from foreign currency fluctuations.
operational net sales growth was primarily driven by our rangertm drug-coated balloon and eluviatm drug-eluting stent system, as well as our interventional oncology franchise led by our theraspheretm y-90 radioactive glass microspheres.
emerging markets as part of our strategic imperative to drive global expansion, we seek to grow net sales and market share by expanding our global presence, including in emerging markets. we define emerging markets as the 20 countries that we believe have strong growth potential based on their economic conditions, healthcare sectors and our global capabilities. periodically, we assess our list of emerging markets countries, which currently include the following countries: brazil, chile, china, colombia, czech republic, india, indonesia, malaysia, mexico, philippines, poland, russia, saudi arabia, slovakia, south africa, south korea, taiwan, thailand, türkiye and vietnam. our emerging markets net sales represented 14 percent of our consolidated net sales in 2022 and 12 percent in 2021. in 2022, our emerging markets net sales grew 20.0 percent on a reported basis including operational net sales growth of 29.3 percent and the negative impact of 930 basis points from foreign currency fluctuations, compared to 2021. operational net sales growth was driven primarily by growth in china and india as we continued to focus on globalization and execute new product launches.
results of operations net sales the following table provides our net sales by reportable segment and business unit, and the relative change in growth on a reported basis:
(4) in 2022, amounts reflect sales reserves established for italian government payback provisions, not allocated to reportable segments, which are being disputed in the italian court system. in 2021 and 2020, amounts relate to our specialty pharmaceuticals business. on march 1, 2021, we completed the divestiture of the specialty pharmaceuticals business. prior to the divestiture, we presented the specialty pharmaceuticals business as a standalone operating segment alongside our reportable segments.
refer to executive summary for further discussion of our net sales and a comparison of our 2022 and 2021 net sales.
in 2021, we generated net sales of $11.888 billion compared to $9.913 billion in 2020. this increase of $1.975 billion, or 19.9 percent, included operational growth of 18.7 percent and the positive impact of 130 basis points from foreign currency fluctuations. operational net sales included $212 million in 2021 associated with our acquisitions of preventice, farapulse and lumenis, for which there was less than a full prior period of comparable net sales. operational net sales also included $202 million in 2020 associated with our intrauterine health franchise and the specialty pharmaceuticals business, divested in the second quarter of 2020 and first quarter of 2021, respectively. the increase in our 2021 net sales was primarily driven by the recovery of elective and semi-emergent procedure volumes compared to 2020 when the covid-19 pandemic had a more significant impact on our net sales.
gross profit our gross profit was $8.727 billion in 2022 and $8.177 billion in 2021. as a percentage of net sales, our gross profit remained flat at 68.8 percent in 2022 compared to 2021. the following is a reconciliation of our gross profit margins and a description of the drivers of the change from period to period:
gross profit margin year ended december 31, 2020                                          65.0%
net impact of foreign currency fluctuations                          (0.3)%
net impact of foreign currency fluctuations                            1.3%
our gross profit margin for 2022 was flat compared to 2021. global supply chain disruption drove increased manufacturing and supply costs, including inflation on costs of certain raw materials and components, direct labor and freight, as well as inefficiencies in our manufacturing plants due to constraints in material availability. the negative impact on our gross profit margin due to global supply chain disruption was offset by foreign currency fluctuations that drove gains on our foreign currency hedging contracts.
the primary factors contributing to the increase in our gross profit margin for 2021 compared to 2020 were higher sales volumes and favorable product mix associated with the resumption of the procedures using higher-margin products following reduced elective procedure volumes due to the covid-19 pandemic. in addition, our gross profit margin in 2020 was negatively impacted by abnormal production variances attributable to manufacturing plant shut-downs, inventory charges related to the discontinuation of our lotus platform and sales return reserves due to our watchman flxtm consignment conversion. these improvements were partially offset by price declines related primarily to sales of our coronary drug-eluting stent systems and foreign currency fluctuations. in addition, macro-environment factors negatively impacted our gross profit margin, including the cost of operating manufacturing plants with covid-19 specific health and safety measures and increases in costs of certain raw materials, direct labor and freight.
eu mdr implementation costs the european union medical device regulation (eu mdr) replaced the existing european medical devices directive (mdd) and active implantable medical device directive (aimdd) regulatory frameworks, and manufacturers of medical devices were required to comply with eu mdr beginning in may 2021 for new product registrations and by may 2024 for medical devices which have a valid ce certificate to the prior directives (issued before may 2021). updates to the legislative text of the eu mdr were adopted by the european parliament and are currently being reviewed for adoption by the council of the european union, including an extension of the transitional period to 2027 for class iib and iii and 2028 for class i and iia medical devices which have a valid ce certificate to the prior directives (issued before may 2021).
we began our implementation efforts in late 2019 and have incurred cumulative expenses of $245 million through december 31, 2022, which are primarily being recorded within cost of product sold. we expect to incur total expenses of approximately $400 million to $450 million over the transition period.
operating expenses the following table provides a summary of our key operating expenses:
(in millions)                                                    $% of net sales                          $% of net sales                          $% of net sales selling, general and administrative expenses          $4,520           35.6    %               $4,359           36.7    %               $3,787           38.2    %
research and development expenses                      1,323           10.4    %                1,204           10.1    %                1,143           11.5    %
selling, general and administrative (sg&a) expenses in 2022, our sg&a expenses increased $161 million, or 4 percent compared to 2021 and were 100 basis points lower as a percentage of net sales. the increase in sg&a expenses was due primarily to higher selling costs driven by higher global net sales.
in 2021, our sg&a expenses increased $572 million, or 15 percent compared to 2020 and were 150 basis points lower as a percentage of net sales. the increase in sg&a expenses was primarily due to higher selling costs driven by higher global net sales and the targeted lifting of spending controls implemented in 2020 in response to the then escalating covid-19 pandemic. in addition, sg&a expenses in 2021 were further impacted by higher restructuring-related spend and acquisition-related costs.
research and development (r&d) expenses we remain committed to advancing medical technologies and investing in meaningful research and development projects across our businesses. in 2022, our r&d expenses increased $119 million, or 10 percent compared to 2021, and were 30 basis points higher as a percentage of net sales as a result of targeted investments across our businesses. we expect to continue to make investments in clinical trials and innovative technologies to maintain a pipeline of new products that we believe will address unmet clinical needs and contribute to profitable sales growth.
in 2021, our r&d expenses increased $61 million, or 5 percent compared to 2020, and were 140 basis points lower as a percentage of sales, as a result of investments across our business.
other operating expenses the following provides a summary of certain of our other operating expenses, which are excluded by management for purposes of evaluating operating performance; refer to additional information for a further description.
amortization expense our amortization expense relates to intangible assets acquired in a business combination or asset acquisition, as well as internally-developed patents. in 2022, amortization expense increased $62 million, or 8 percent, as compared to 2021. the increase was driven by the addition of amortizable intangible assets associated with recent acquisitions. in 2021, amortization expense decreased $48 million, or 6 percent, as compared to 2020. the decrease was driven by the divestiture of the specialty pharmaceuticals business, partially offset by the addition of amortizable intangible assets associated with recent acquisitions.
intangible asset impairment charges we recorded intangible asset impairment charges of $132 million in 2022 and $370 million in 2021. the impairment charges recorded in 2022 were primarily associated with amortizable technology-related intangible assets that were initially established following our acquisition of vertiflex, inc., which is now part of our neuromodulation business, resulting from lower revenue projections due to reimbursement challenges. the impairment charges recorded in 2021 were primarily associated with amortizable technology-related intangible assets that were initially established following our acquisition of veniti, inc., which is now part of our peripheral interventions business. these charges resulted from management's decision to discontinue commercialization of the vici venous stenttm system following a voluntary recall, due to cost to remediate and time to return to market. in addition, during 2021, we impaired the ipr&d assets established in connection with our acquisition of millipede, inc. which is now part of our cardiology business. the charges resulted from the cancellation of the mitral valve ipr&d program due to the incremental time and cost required to complete the program and bring the technology to market.
refer to critical accounting estimates for a discussion of key assumptions used in our intangible asset impairment testing and future events that could have a negative impact on the recoverability of our intangible assets.
contingent consideration net expense (benefit)
to recognize changes in the fair value of our contingent consideration liability, we recorded net charges of $35 million in 2022 and net benefits of $136 million in 2021. in 2022, the net charges related to an increase in expected revenue-based payments as a result of over-achievement of net sales performance, primarily related to our 2021 acquisition of farapulse. this increase was partially offset by a reduction in the contingent consideration liability for certain acquisitions for which we reduced the probability of achievement of associated regulatory and commercialization-based milestones upon which payment is conditioned. in 2021, the net benefits related to a reduction in the contingent consideration liability for certain prior acquisitions for which we reduced the probability of achievement of associated revenue and/or regulatory milestones upon which payment is conditioned, or, for milestones that would not be achieved due to management's discontinuation of the associated r&d program. refer to note b - acquisitions and strategic investments to our consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k for additional details related to our contingent consideration arrangements.
restructuring and restructuring-related net charges on november 15, 2018, our board of directors approved, and we committed to, a global restructuring program (the 2019 restructuring plan). the 2019 restructuring plan was intended to support our effort to improve operating performance and meet anticipated market demands by ensuring that we were appropriately structured and resourced to deliver sustainable value to patients and customers. key activities under the 2019 restructuring plan included supply chain network optimization intended to maximize our global manufacturing and distribution network capacity and building functional capabilities to support business growth. these activities were initiated in 2019 and substantially completed in 2022, following a one-year extension and expansion approved by our board of directors on february 22, 2021.
the following table provides a summary of cumulative pre-tax charges associated with the 2019 restructuring plan, by major type of cost, of which approximately $404 million resulted in cash outlays:
type of cost (in millions)                   total amount incurred restructuring charges:
termination benefits                                           $73
(1)    consists primarily of consulting fees and costs associated with contractual cancellations.
(2)    comprised of other costs directly related to the restructuring program, including program management, accelerated depreciation, fixed asset write-offs, and costs to transfer product lines among facilities.
we recorded restructuring charges pursuant to fasb asc topic 420, exit or disposal cost obligations related to the 2019 restructuring plan of $24 million in 2022, $38 million in 2021, and $32 million in 2020. in addition, we recorded restructuring-related charges within cost of products sold, selling, general and administrative expenses, and research and development expenses of $86 million in 2022, $134 million in 2021, and $84 million in 2020 associated with activities under the 2019 restructuring plan.
on february 22, 2023, our board of directors approved, and we committed to, a new global restructuring program. for additional information, refer to "2023 restructuring plan" under the heading liquidity and capital resources below.
lotus discontinuation on november 17, 2020, we announced a global, voluntary recall of all unused inventory of our lotus edgetm aortic valve system, and our decision to retire the entire lotustm valve platform. we recorded restructuring and restructuring-related net charges associated with the product discontinuation of $20 million in 2021 and $55 million in 2020. the restructuring activities were completed in 2021 and resulted in total pre-tax restructuring and restructuring-related net charges of approximately $75 million.
in addition, during 2020 we recorded $119 million of inventory charges within cost of products sold and $8 million of intangible asset impairment charges associated with the product discontinuation.
we recorded litigation-related net charges of $173 million in 2022 and $430 million in 2021, primarily related to ongoing litigation associated with our transvaginal surgical mesh products principally in the u.s. and australia, as well as costs associated with certain other legal matters. we increased the accrual associated with transvaginal mesh claims to account for changes in our estimates regarding settlement and litigation activity.
we continue to assess certain litigation and claims to determine the amounts, if any, that management believes will be paid as a result of such claims and litigation, and therefore, additional losses may be accrued and paid in the future, which could materially adversely impact our operating results, cash flows and/or our ability to comply with the financial covenant required by our credit agreements. refer to note i - commitments and contingencies to our consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k for additional discussion of our material legal proceedings interest expense the following table provides a summary of our interest expense and average borrowing rate:
interest expense and our average borrowing rate increased in 2022, compared to the prior year, primarily due to $194 million of charges associated with the early extinguishment of $3.275 billion of certain of our senior notes, including payment of tender premiums and the acceleration of unamortized debt issuance costs. as of december 31, 2022, the weighted average borrowing rate associated with our outstanding senior notes was 2.6 percent. refer to liquidity and capital resources, as well as note d - hedging activities and fair value measurements and note e - contractual obligations and commitments to our consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. of this annual report on form 10-k for information regarding our debt obligations.
other, net the following are the components of other, net:
in 2021, in connection with our acquisitions of farapulse, preventice and devoro medical, inc. we remeasured the fair value of our previously-held interests in the acquired companies, which resulted in $475 million of gains recognized in other, net. in addition, we recorded a loss of $178 million in 2021 and a gain of $363 million in 2020 on our investment in pulmonx corporation (pulmonx) presented in other, net associated with the remeasurement of our investment to fair value based on observable market prices, as well as the disposition of our remaining ownership.
the gains on previously held interests are included within acquisition/divestiture-related net charges (credits) and the pulmonx net gain (loss) is included in investment portfolio net losses (gains) presented in the reconciliation of our results of operations prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap to those adjusted results considered by management. refer to financial summary for the reconciliation and additional information for a discussion of management's use of non-gaap financial measures.
tax rate the following table provides a summary of our reported tax rate:
impact of certain receipts/charges(1)           (19.1)   %                13.0   %                 8.3   %
the change in our reported tax rate for 2022 compared to 2021, relates primarily to the jurisdictional mix of earnings and the impact of certain receipts and charges that are taxed at different rates than our effective tax rate. these receipts and charges include intangible asset impairment charges, acquisition/divestiture-related net charges, restructuring and restructuring-related net charges, litigation-related net charges, debt extinguishment net charges, as well as certain discrete tax items primarily related to restructuring activities, and tax windfall benefits associated with share-based payments.
in 2020, we received notification from the irs regarding the examination of our 2014 through 2016 tax years stating that the joint committee on taxation completed its review, and the irs examination was resolved. due to the resolution of these tax years, we recorded a net tax benefit of $91 million to release the reserves related to these years. we received a refund of $62 million from the irs reflecting the net balance of amounts owed to us by the irs after consideration of tax and interest due for these years.
on august 16, 2022, the inflation reduction act of 2022 (inflation reduction act) was enacted into law by the u.s. government and includes a new corporate alternative minimum tax of 15 percent on the adjusted financial statement income (afsi) of corporations with average afsi exceeding $1.0 billion over a three-year period. additionally, the inflation reduction act imposes a 1 percent excise tax on the fair market value of net corporate stock repurchases. these provisions are effective beginning in 2023.
see note h - income taxes to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k for additional details on our tax rate.
liquidity and capital resources based on our current business plan, we believe our existing balance of cash and cash equivalents, future cash generated from operations, access to capital markets and existing credit facilities will be sufficient to fund our operations, invest in our infrastructure, pay our legal-related liabilities, pay taxes due, service and repay our existing debt and fund possible acquisitions for the next 12 months and for the foreseeable future. please refer to contractual obligations and commitments below for additional details on our future payment obligations and commitments.
as of december 31, 2022, we had $928 million of unrestricted cash and cash equivalents on hand, comprised of $673 million invested in money market funds and time deposits and $256 million in interest bearing and non-interest-bearing bank accounts. we invest excess cash on hand in short-term financial instruments that earn at market interest rates while mitigating principal risk through instrument and counterparty diversification, as well as what we believe to be prudent instrument selection. we limit our direct exposure to securities in any one industry or issuer.
in 2021, we entered into a new $2.750 billion revolving credit facility (2021 revolving credit facility) with a global syndicate of commercial banks and terminated our previous facility (2018 revolving credit facility). the 2021 revolving credit facility will mature on may 10, 2026, with one-year extension options, subject to certain conditions. this facility provides backing for our commercial paper program, and outstanding commercial paper directly reduces borrowing capacity under the 2021 revolving credit facility. there were no amounts outstanding under the revolving credit facility or our commercial paper program as of december 31, 2022, resulting in an additional $2.220 billion of available liquidity. in anticipation of our purchase of a majority stake in acotec scientific holdings limited (acotec), a chinese medical technology company, which closed on february 20, 2023, we reserved approximately $530 million of our borrowing capacity under the 2021 revolving credit facility in the fourth quarter of 2022 as proof of funds, as required by hong kong guidelines. we funded the acquisition using cash on hand and, as a result, have full borrowing capacity under the 2021 revolving credit facility as of the date of filing of this annual report on form 10-k.
for additional details related to our debt obligations, including our financial covenant requirement, refer to note e - contractual obligations and commitments to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k, which is incorporated herein by reference.
the following provides a summary and description of our net cash inflows (outflows):
cash provided by (used for) operating activities            $1,526                      $1,870                      $1,508
operating activities in 2022, cash provided by (used for) operating activities decreased $344 million compared to 2021. this decrease was primarily due to changes in working capital, including higher levels of inventory and accounts receivable. in 2021, cash provided by operating activities increased $362 million compared to 2020. this increase was primarily due to comparatively higher net sales and operating income compared to the prior year.
cash provided by (used for) operating activities included litigation-related payments of $282 million in 2022, $441 million in 2021 and $420 million in 2020, related primarily to transvaginal mesh litigation.
investing activities in 2022, cash provided by (used for) investing activities primarily included net cash payments of $1.542 billion for the acquisitions of baylis medical and obsidio, inc, as well as purchases of property, plant and equipment and internal use software of $588 million partially offset by proceeds from settlements of hedge contracts of $56 million and proceeds from royalty rights of $70 million.
in 2021, cash provided by (used for) investing activities primarily included payments of $2.258 billion for the acquisitions of preventice, lumenis, farapulse and devoro and purchases of property, plant and equipment and internal use software of $554 million, partially offset by proceeds of $826 million from the divestiture of the specialty pharmaceuticals business and net proceeds from investments and acquisitions of certain technologies of $279 million primarily from the disposition of our shares in pulmonx.
financing activities during the second quarter of 2022, we completed a public offering (the offering) of €3.000 billion in aggregate principal amount of euro-dominated senior notes. the offering resulted in cash proceeds of $3.270 billion, net of investor discounts and issuance costs. we used the net proceeds from the offering to fund the tender offer and early redemption of combined aggregate principal amount of $3.275 billion of certain of our outstanding senior notes, as well as to pay accrued interest, tender premiums, fees and expenses. for more information, refer to note e - contractual obligations and commitments to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k. cash provided by (used for) financing activities in 2022 also included payments of contingent consideration previously established in purchase accounting of $335 million as well as payments on short-term borrowings of $250 million.
in 2021, cash provided by (used for) financing activities primarily included payments for royalty rights of $85 million and cash dividends paid on preferred stock of $55 million, partially offset by proceeds from issuances of shares of common stock pursuant to employee stock compensation and purchase plans of $110 million.
our liquidity plans are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those described in item 1a. risk factors of this annual report on form 10-k, some of which are outside our control. macroeconomic conditions, adverse tax and litigation matter outcomes and other risks and uncertainties could limit our ability to successfully execute our business plans and adversely affect our liquidity plans.
debt the following table presents the current and long-term portions of our total debt:
as of the following table presents the portions of our total debt that are comprised of fixed and variable rate debt instruments, which are presented on an amortized cost basis:
as of as of december 31, 2022, we were in compliance with the financial covenant required by the credit facilities described above. for additional details related to our debt obligations, including our financial covenant requirements, refer to note e - contractual obligations and commitments to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k.
equity during 2022 we received $136 million in proceeds from stock issuances related to our stock option and employee stock purchase plans, compared to $110 million in 2021. proceeds from the exercise of employee stock options and employee stock purchases vary from period to period based upon, among other factors, fluctuations in the trading price of our common stock and in the exercise and stock purchase patterns of employees. stock-based compensation expense related to our stock ownership plans was $220 million in 2022 and $194 million in 2021. stock-based compensation expense varies from period to period based upon, among other factors, the timing, number and fair value of awards granted during the period, forfeiture levels related to unvested awards and employee contributions to our employee stock purchase plan, as well as the retirement eligibility of stock award recipients.
on december 14, 2020, our board of directors approved a stock repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of up to $1.000 billion of our common stock. we did not repurchase any shares of our common stock during 2022 or 2021, and had the full amount available under the authorization as of december 31, 2022. there were approximately 263 million shares in treasury as of december 31, 2022 and 2021.
(1)  debt obligations are comprised of our senior notes outstanding as of december 31, 2022. this does not include unamortized debt issuance discounts, deferred financing costs and gain on fair value hedges or finance lease obligations. refer to note e - contractual obligations and commitments to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information.
(2) in accordance with u.s. gaap, these obligations relate primarily to expenses associated with future periods and, with the exception of accrued interest, are not reflected in our consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2022. interest payments included above are calculated based on rates and required fees applicable to our outstanding debt obligations as of december 31, 2022 described in note e - contractual obligations and commitments to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k. interest payments above do not include interest on variable rate debt instruments.
(3)    timing of payment for our long-term liability for legal matters that are probable and estimable as of december 31, 2022 is uncertain and as such it is excluded from the table above. refer to note i - commitments and contingencies to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k for more information.
the amounts in the table above with respect to purchase obligations relate primarily to non-cancellable inventory commitments and capital expenditures entered in the normal course of business. the table above does not include:
•any future obligations to make payments of contingent consideration pursuant to certain of our acquisition agreements, due to the exact amount and timing of payments being uncertain. refer to note b - acquisitions and strategic investments to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k for more information,
•unrecognized tax benefits, accrued interest and penalties and other related items because the timing of their future cash settlement is uncertain. refer to note h - income taxes to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k for more information,
•acquired ipr&d projects that require future funding to complete. we estimate that the total remaining cost to complete acquired ipr&d projects is between $55 million and $65 million. net cash inflows from the projects currently in development are expected to continue through 2039, following the respective launches of these technologies in the u.s. and europe. certain of our acquisitions also involve the potential payment of contingent consideration, but the timing and amounts are uncertain. see note b - acquisitions and strategic investments to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k for more information,
•holders of our mcps will be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by our board of directors, or an authorized committee thereof, out of funds legally available for payment, cumulative dividends at the annual rate of 5.50% of the liquidation preference of $100 per share, payable in cash or, subject to certain limitations, by delivery of shares of common stock or any combination of cash and shares of common stock, at our election; provided, however, that any unpaid dividends on the mcps will continue to accumulate as described in the certificate of designations,
•the definitive agreement, entered into on june 15, 2022, with synergy innovation co, ltd, to purchase its majority stake of m.i. tech co., ltd., (m.i. tech) for approximately $230 million, which we are working towards closing during the second quarter of 2023, and the definitive agreement, entered into on november 29, 2022, to acquire 100 percent of the fully diluted equity of apollo endosurgery, inc. for approximately $615 million, which is expected to close during the first half of 2023, subject to customary closing conditions. additionally, on february 20, 2023, we completed the acquisition of a majority stake in acotec for approximately $520 million using cash on hand. see note b - acquisitions and strategic investments to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k for more information.
2023 restructuring plan on february 22, 2023, our board of directors approved, and we committed to, a new global restructuring program (the 2023 restructuring plan). the 2023 restructuring plan is intended to meet evolving global market demands and conditions by ensuring that we are structured and resourced to support our strategic imperatives and deliver sustainable value.
the 2023 restructuring plan will further build on our global supply chain optimization strategy, which is intended to simplify our manufacturing and distribution network by transferring certain production lines among facilities and expand operational efficiencies and resiliency. key activities under the 2023 restructuring plan will also include optimizing certain functional capabilities to better support business growth and achieve cost synergies. these activities are expected to be initiated in the first quarter of 2023, and substantially completed by the end of 2025.
while we expect limited role reductions as a result of these restructuring activities, we anticipate that our overall employee base will remain relatively unchanged upon completion of the 2023 restructuring plan as new jobs are created in areas of growth and resources are deployed to support an expanding portfolio and growing global market needs.
the implementation of the 2023 restructuring plan is estimated to result in total pre-tax charges of approximately $450 million to $550 million, of which approximately $350 million to $450 million is expected to result in future cash outlays, and reduce gross annual pre-tax expenses by approximately $225 million to $275 million by the end of 2025 as program benefits are realized. we expect a substantial portion of the savings to be reinvested in strategic growth initiatives. the following table provides a summary of our estimates of total pre-tax charges associated with the 2023 restructuring plan by major type of cost:
type of cost (in millions)                                    total estimated amount expected to be incurred restructuring charges:
termination benefits(1)                                  $60                       -                     $80
(1)    plans detailing specific employee impacts will be developed for each affected region and business, working with employee representative bodies where required under local laws.
(2)    consists primarily of consulting fees and costs associated with contractual cancellations.
(3)    comprised of other costs directly related to the restructuring program, including program management, accelerated depreciation, fixed asset write-offs, and costs to transfer product lines among facilities.
legal matters for a discussion of our material legal proceedings see note i - commitments and contingencies to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates our financial results are affected by the selection and application of accounting policies and methods. we have adopted accounting policies to prepare our consolidated financial statements in conformity with u.s. gaap.
to prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with u.s. gaap, management makes estimates and assumptions that may affect the reported amounts of our assets and liabilities, including our contingent liabilities, as of the date of our financial statements and the reported amounts of our revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. our actual results may differ from these estimates. we consider estimates to be critical (i) if we are required to make assumptions about material matters that are uncertain at the time of estimation or (ii) if materially different estimates could have been made or it is reasonably likely that the accounting estimate will change from period to period. the following are areas considered to be critical and require management's judgment: revenue recognition, inventory provisions, valuation of intangible assets and contingent consideration liability, goodwill valuation, legal and product liability accruals and income taxes.
see note a - significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information related to our accounting policies and our consideration of these critical accounting areas.
revenue recognition deferred revenue we record a contract liability, or deferred revenue, when we have an obligation to provide a product or service to the customer and payment is received or due in advance of our performance. when we sell a device with a future service obligation, we defer revenue on the unfulfilled performance obligation and recognize this revenue over the related service period. generally, we do not have observable evidence of the standalone selling price related to our future service obligations; therefore, we estimate the selling price using an expected cost plus a margin approach. we allocate the transaction price using the relative standalone selling price method. the use of alternative estimates could result in a different amount of revenue deferral.
our contractual liabilities are primarily composed of deferred revenue related to the latitudetm patient management system within our cardiac rhythm management (crm) business, for which revenue is recognized over the average service period based on device and patient longevity. our contractual liabilities also include deferred revenue related to the lux-dxtm insertable cardiac monitor (icm) system, also within our crm business, for which revenue is recognized over the average service period based on device longevity and usage. the use of alternative assumptions could impact the period over which revenue is recognized.
variable consideration we generally allow our customers to return defective, damaged and, in certain cases, expired products for credit. we base our estimate for sales returns upon historical trends and record the amount as a reduction to revenue when we sell the initial product. in addition, we may allow customers to return previously purchased products for next-generation product offerings. for these transactions, we defer recognition of revenue on the sale of the earlier generation product based upon an estimate of the amount of product to be returned when the next-generation products are shipped to the customer. uncertain timing of next-generation product approvals, variability in product launch strategies, product recalls and variation in product utilization all affect our estimates related to sales returns and could cause actual returns to differ from these estimates.
we also offer sales rebates and discounts to certain customers and record these as a reduction of revenue and classify the corresponding liability as current. we estimate rebates for products where there is sufficient historical information available to predict the volume of expected future rebates. if we are unable to reasonably estimate the expected rebates, we record a liability for the maximum rebate percentage offered.
post-implant services we provide non-contractual services to customers to ensure the safe and effective use of certain implanted devices. we forward accrue the costs to provide these services at the time the devices are sold by estimating the amount of time spent by our representatives performing these services and their compensation throughout the device life to determine the service cost. changes to our business practice or the use of alternative estimates could result in a different amount of accrued cost.
inventory provisions we base our provisions for excess, expired and obsolete inventory primarily on our estimates of forecasted net sales. a significant change in the timing or level of demand for our products as compared to forecasted amounts may result in recording additional provisions for excess, expired and obsolete inventory in the future. further, the industry in which we participate is characterized by rapid product development and frequent new product introductions. uncertain timing of next-generation product approvals, variability in product launch strategies, product recalls and variation in product utilization all affect our estimates related to excess, expired and obsolete inventory.
valuation of intangible assets and contingent consideration liability we base the fair value of identifiable intangible assets acquired in a business combination, including ipr&d, on detailed valuations that use information and assumptions provided by management, which consider management's best estimates of inputs and assumptions that a market participant would use. further, for those arrangements that involve potential future contingent consideration, we record on the date of acquisition a liability equal to the fair value of the estimated additional consideration we may be obligated to pay in the future. we re-measure this liability each reporting period and record changes in the fair value through a separate line item within our consolidated statements of operations. increases or decreases in the fair value of the contingent consideration liability can result from changes in discount rates, periods, timing and amount of projected revenue or timing or likelihood of achieving regulatory, revenue or commercialization-based milestones. the use of alternative valuation assumptions, including estimated revenue projections, growth rates, cash flows, discount rates, useful life or probability of achieving clinical, regulatory or revenue-based milestones could result in different purchase price allocations and recognized amortization expense and contingent consideration expense or benefit in current and future periods.
we review intangible assets subject to amortization quarterly to determine if any adverse conditions exist or a change in circumstances has occurred that would indicate impairment or adjustment to the remaining useful life. if we determine it is more likely than not that the asset is impaired based on our qualitative assessment of impairment indicators, we test the intangible asset for recoverability. if the carrying value of the intangible asset is determined not recoverable, we will write the carrying value down to fair value in the period the impairment is identified. we calculate fair value of our intangible assets as the present value of estimated future cash flows we expect to generate from the asset using a risk-adjusted discount rate. the use of alternative assumptions, including estimated cash flows, discount rates and alternative estimated remaining useful lives could result in different calculations of impairment.
in addition, we test our indefinite-lived intangible assets at least annually for impairment and reassess their classification as indefinite-lived assets, or more frequently if indicators exist. we assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events and circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that our indefinite-lived intangible assets are impaired. if we conclude that it is more likely than not that the asset is impaired, we then determine the fair value of the intangible asset and perform the quantitative impairment test by comparing the fair value with the carrying value in accordance with fasb asc topic 350, intangibles - goodwill and other (fasb asc topic 350). if the carrying value exceeds the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset, we write the carrying value down to fair value. the use of alternative valuation assumptions, including estimated revenue projections, growth rates, cash flows and discount rates could result in different fair value estimates.
goodwill valuation we allocate any excess purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired in a business combination to goodwill. we test our goodwill balances in the second quarter of each year as of april 1 for impairment, or more frequently if impairment indicators are present or changes in circumstances suggest an impairment may exist.
we assess goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is defined as an operating segment or one level below an operating segment, referred to as a component. for our 2022 annual impairment assessment, following the reorganization of our operational structure in the first quarter of 2022, we identified the following reporting units for purposes of our annual goodwill impairment test: interventional cardiology, rhythm management, peripheral interventions, endoscopy, urology and neuromodulation. based on the criteria prescribed in fasb asc topic 350, we aggregated the interventional cardiology therapies and watchman components of our cardiology operating segment into a single interventional cardiology reporting unit and aggregated the cardiac rhythm management and electrophysiology components into a single rhythm management reporting unit.
in performing annual impairment assessments, when a quantitative test is performed, we typically use only the income approach, specifically the discounted cash flow method, to derive the fair value of each of our reporting units in preparing our goodwill impairment assessments. we historically selected this method as being the most meaningful in preparing our goodwill assessments because we believe the income approach most appropriately measures the fair value of our income producing assets. we have considered using the market approach and cost approach but concluded they are not appropriate in valuing our reporting units given the lack of relevant market comparisons available for application of the market approach and the inability to replicate the value of the specific technology-based assets within our reporting units for application of the cost approach.
in applying the income approach, we make assumptions about the amount and timing of future expected cash flows, terminal value growth rates and appropriate discount rates. the amount and timing of future cash flows within our discounted cash flow analysis is based on our most recent operational budgets, long range strategic plans and other estimates. the terminal value growth rate reflects our best estimates for stable, perpetual growth of our reporting units. we use estimates of market-participant risk-adjusted weighted average cost of capital as a basis for determining the discount rates to apply to our reporting units' future expected cash flows.
although we use consistent methodologies in developing the assumptions and estimates underlying the fair value calculations used in our impairment tests, these estimates are uncertain by nature and can vary from actual results. the use of alternative valuation assumptions, including estimated revenue projections, growth rates, cash flows and discount rates could result in different fair value estimates.
future events that could have a negative impact on the levels of excess fair value over carrying value of our reporting units include, but are not limited to, the following:
•decreases in estimated market sizes or market growth rates due to greater-than-expected declines in procedural volumes, inclusive of those resulting from macroeconomic conditions, including inflationary pricing pressures and reductions in reimbursement levels,
•declines in our market share and penetration assumptions due to increased competition, an inability to develop or launch new and next-generation products and technology features in line with our commercialization strategies and market and/or regulatory conditions that may cause significant launch delays or product actions,
•decreases in our forecasted profitability due to an inability to implement successfully and achieve timely and sustainable cost improvement measures consistent with our expectations,
•negative developments in intellectual property litigation that may impact our ability to market certain products or increase our costs to sell certain products,
•the level of success of ongoing and future research and development efforts, including those related to acquisitions and increases in the research and development costs necessary to obtain regulatory approvals and launch new products,
•the level of success in managing the growth of acquired companies, achieving sustained profitability consistent with our expectations, establishing government and third-party payer reimbursement, supplying the market and increases in the costs and time necessary to integrate acquired businesses into our operations successfully,
•changes in our reporting units or in the structure of our business as a result of future reorganizations, acquisitions or divestitures of assets or businesses and
•increases in our market-participant risk-adjusted weighted average cost of capital and increases in our market-participant tax rate and/or changes in tax laws or macroeconomic conditions.
negative changes in one or more of these factors, among others, could result in future impairment charges.
legal and product liability accruals we are involved in various legal and regulatory proceedings, including intellectual property, breach of contract, securities litigation and product liability suits. in some cases, the claimants seek damages, as well as other relief, which, if granted, could require significant expenditures or impact our ability to sell our products. we accrue anticipated costs of settlement, damages, losses for product liability claims and, under certain conditions, costs of defense, based on historical experience or to the extent specific losses are probable and estimable. otherwise, we expense these costs as incurred. if the estimate of a probable loss is a range and no amount within the range is more likely, we accrue the minimum amount of the range. litigation and product liability matters are inherently uncertain, and the outcomes of individual matters are difficult to predict and quantify. as such, significant judgment is required in determining our legal and product liability accruals. our estimates related to our legal and product liability accruals may change as additional information becomes available to us, including information related to the nature or existence of claims against us, trial court or appellate proceedings, and mediation, arbitration or settlement proceedings.
income taxes we establish reserves when we believe that certain positions are likely to be challenged despite our belief that our tax return positions are fully supportable. the calculation of our tax liabilities involves significant judgment based on individual facts, circumstances and information available in addition to applying complex tax regulations in various jurisdictions across our global operations. under u.s. gaap, in order to recognize an uncertain tax benefit, the taxpayer must determine it is more likely than not the position will be sustained, and the measurement of the benefit is calculated as the largest amount that is more than 50 percent likely to be realized upon resolution of the benefit. although we believe that we have adequately provided for liabilities resulting from tax assessments by taxing authorities, positions taken by these tax authorities could have a material impact on our effective tax rate, results of operations, financial position and/or cash flows.
as part of the tax cut and jobs act (tcja), we are subject to a territorial tax system in which we are required to establish an accounting policy in providing for tax on global intangible low taxed income (gilti) earned by certain foreign subsidiaries. we have elected to treat the impact of gilti as a period cost and report it as a part of continuing operations.
new accounting pronouncements refer to note p - new accounting pronouncements to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information on standards implemented during 2022 and standards to be implemented in future periods.
additional information corporate sustainability our sustainable environmental, social and governance practices underpin all aspects of our global business. our approach is aligned with the united nations sustainable development goals and our material topics and practices are informed by a broad range of internal and external stakeholders - locally, nationally and globally. our employees around the world work with suppliers and other organizations that share our commitment to these practices that help address issues related to health inequity, economic disparity, climate change and environmental protection. these efforts are supported by our cross-functional corporate social responsibility steering committee, our corporate social responsibility council, our environmental health and safety teams and policies, our global council for inclusion, as well as our local, regional and national employee and community engagement programs. in addition, our executive committee performance is measured, among other things, against global gender and u.s. (inclusive of puerto rico) multicultural goals and performance against annual renewable electricity and carbon emissions goals.
we are also making measurable progress toward shaping a better future for our planet by proactively addressing energy consumption, carbon emissions and waste management. we have committed to a goal of carbon neutrality for scope 1 and scope 2 carbon emissions in our manufacturing and key distribution sites by 2030. our global real estate, facilities, environment, health & safety function is responsible for rigorously measuring, assessing and reporting progress toward these goals globally. we are focused on a "c3" strategy: cutting energy use, converting to renewable energy sources and compensating with carbon offset projects where needed. our global headquarters and u.s. distribution center in massachusetts, and our manufacturing plants in dorado, puerto rico and coyol, costa rica all utilize solar energy from on-site installations. our goal is to fully source or generate electricity from renewable sources by 2024, and by 2027, our goal is that 90
percent of all energy used across our manufacturing and key distribution sites, will be from renewable sources, representing an important milestone toward our 2030 carbon neutrality commitment.
in 2022, we obtained additional iso 50001:2018 - energy management systems certification for our manufacturing plants in maple grove and arden hills, minnesota and in dorado, puerto rico. this brings the total number of iso 50001:2018 certified sites in our global network to twelve. we have also obtained iso 14001:2015 - environment management systems certification at our major manufacturing plants and tier 1 distribution centers around the world, as well as our global headquarters. these are globally recognized standards for employee energy and environmental management systems, established by the international standards organization, which provides a voluntary framework to identify key energy and environmental aspects associated with our business. using these management systems and the specific attributes of our certified locations, we continue to improve our energy and environmental performance. we also have 12 leadership in energy and environmental design (leed) certified buildings on campuses in the u.s., latin america, europe and asia. leed is an internationally recognized certification program that seeks to ensure the mindful development, construction and maintenance of buildings in a way that benefits occupants and the environment by reducing waste and conserving resources.
cybersecurity we have established controls and procedures to escalate enterprise level issues, including cybersecurity matters, to the appropriate management levels within our organization and our board of directors, or members or committees thereof, as appropriate. under our framework, cybersecurity issues, including those involving vulnerabilities introduced by our use of third-party software, are analyzed by subject matter experts and a crisis committee for potential financial, operational, and reputational risks, based on, among other factors, the nature of the matter and breadth of impact. matters determined to present potential material impacts to our financial results, operations, and/or reputation are immediately reported by management to the board of directors, or individual members or committees thereof, as appropriate, in accordance with our escalation framework. in addition, we have established procedures to ensure that members of management responsible for overseeing the effectiveness of disclosure controls are informed in a timely manner of known cybersecurity risks and incidents that may materially impact our operations and that timely public disclosure is made, as appropriate.
international conflicts, including, but not limited to the russia/ukraine war and tension between china/taiwan, have heightened cybersecurity risks on a global basis. while there is significant uncertainty around implications of cybersecurity attacks resulting from such conflicts, we have taken steps to better understand our readiness, including the resilience of our critical business functions, with the goal of reducing the impact if such an event were to occur.
use of non-gaap financial measures to supplement our consolidated financial statements presented on a gaap basis, we disclose certain non-gaap financial measures, including adjusted net income (loss), adjusted net income (loss) available to common stockholders and adjusted net income (loss) per share (eps) that exclude certain charges (credits); operational net sales, which exclude the impact of foreign currency fluctuations; and organic net sales, which exclude the impact of foreign currency fluctuations as well as the impact of certain acquisitions and divestitures with less than a full period of comparable net sales. these non-gaap financial measures are not in accordance with u.s. gaap and should not be considered in isolation from or as a replacement for the most directly comparable gaap financial measures. further, other companies may calculate these non-gaap financial measures differently than we do, which may limit the usefulness of those measures for comparative purposes.
to calculate adjusted net income (loss), adjusted net income (loss) available to common stockholders and adjusted net income (loss) per share we exclude certain charges (credits) from gaap net income and gaap net income available to common stockholders, which include amortization expense, goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges, acquisition/divestiture-related net charges (credits), investment portfolio gains and losses, restructuring and restructuring-related net charges (credits), certain litigation-related net charges (credits), eu mdr implementation costs, debt extinguishment charges, deferred tax expenses (benefits) and discrete tax items. amounts are presented after-tax using our effective tax rate, unless the amount is a significant unusual or infrequently occurring item in accordance with financial accounting standards board accounting standards codification topic 740-270-30, "general methodology and use of estimated annual effective tax rate."
the gaap financial measure most directly comparable to adjusted net income (loss), adjusted net income (loss) available to common stockholders and adjusted net income (loss) per share are gaap net income (loss), gaap net income (loss) available to common stockholders and gaap net income (loss) per common share - assuming dilution, respectively.
to calculate operational net sales growth rates, which exclude the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, we convert actual net sales from local currency to u.s. dollars using constant foreign currency exchange rates in the current and prior periods.
to calculate organic net sales growth rates, we also remove the impact of acquisitions and divestitures with less than a full period of comparable net sales. the gaap financial measure most directly comparable to operational net sales and organic net sales is net sales reported on a gaap basis.
reconciliations of each of these non-gaap financial measures to the corresponding gaap financial measure are included in the relevant sections of this annual report on form 10-k.
management uses these supplemental non-gaap financial measures to evaluate performance period over period, to analyze the underlying trends in our business, to assess our performance relative to our competitors and to establish operational goals and forecasts that are used in allocating resources. in addition, management uses these non-gaap financial measures to further its understanding of the performance of our operating segments. the adjustments excluded from our non-gaap financial measures are consistent with those excluded from our operating segments' measures of net sales and profit or loss. these adjustments are excluded from the segment measures reported to our chief operating decision maker that are used to make operating decisions and assess performance.
we believe that presenting adjusted net income (loss), adjusted net income (loss) available to common stockholders adjusted net income (loss) per share, operational and organic net sales growth rates, in addition to the corresponding gaap financial measures, provides investors greater transparency to the information used by management for its operational decision-making and allows investors to see our results "through the eyes" of management. we further believe that providing this information assists our investors in understanding our operating performance and the methodology used by management to evaluate and measure such performance.
the following is an explanation of each of the adjustments that management excluded as part of these non-gaap financial measures as well as reasons for excluding each of these individual items. in each case, management has excluded the item for purposes of calculating the relevant non-gaap financial measure to facilitate an evaluation of our current operating performance and a comparison to our past operating performance:
•amortization expense - we record intangible assets acquired in a business combination or asset acquisition, as well as internally-developed patents at historical cost and amortize them over their estimated useful lives. amortization expense is excluded from management's assessment of operating performance due to its non-cash nature and from our operating segments' measures of profit and loss used for making operating decisions and assessing performance.
•goodwill and other intangible asset impairment charges - these amounts represent write-downs of certain goodwill and/or other intangible asset balances. we review intangible assets subject to amortization quarterly to determine if any adverse conditions exist or a change in circumstances has occurred that would indicate impairment and test our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets at least annually for impairment. if we determine the carrying value of the amortizable intangible asset is not recoverable, goodwill of a reporting unit is impaired or it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived asset is impaired, we will write the carrying value down to fair value in the period identified. impairment charges are excluded from management's assessment of operating performance and from our operating segments' measures of profit and loss used for making operating decisions and assessing performance.
•acquisition/divestiture-related net charges (credits) - these adjustments may consist of (a) contingent consideration fair value adjustments; (b) gains on previously held investments; (c) due diligence, deal fees and other fees and costs related to our acquisition and divestiture transactions; (d) inventory step-up amortization and accelerated compensation expense; (e) integration and exit costs; and (f) separation costs and gains or losses primarily associated with the sale of a business or portion of a business. the contingent consideration fair value adjustments represent accounting adjustments to state contingent consideration liabilities at their estimated fair value. these adjustments can be highly variable depending on the assessed likelihood and amount of future contingent consideration. gains on previously held investments, due diligence, deal fees and other fees and costs, inventory step-up amortization, accelerated compensation expense, and other expenses and gains or losses associated with divestitures or acquisitions can be highly variable and not representative of ongoing operations. integration, separation and exit costs, include contract cancellations, severance and other compensation-related charges and costs, project management fees and costs, and other direct costs associated with the integration of our acquisitions or separation of our divested businesses. these integration, separation and exit activities take place over a defined timeframe and have distinct project timelines, are incremental to activities and costs that arise in the ordinary course of our business and are not considered part of our core, ongoing operations. these acquisition/divestiture-related net charges (credits) are excluded from management's assessment of operating performance and from our operating segments' measures of profit and loss used for making operating decisions and assessing performance.
•restructuring and restructuring-related net charges (credits) - these adjustments primarily represent severance and other compensation-related charges, fixed asset write-offs, contract cancellations, project management fees, facility shut down costs, costs to transfer manufacturing lines between geographically dispersed facilities and other direct costs associated with our restructuring plans. these restructuring plans each consist of distinct initiatives that are fundamentally different from our ongoing, core cost reduction initiatives in terms of, among other things, the frequency with which each action is performed and the required planning, resourcing, cost and timing. examples of such initiatives include the movement of business activities, facility consolidations and closures and the transfer of product lines between manufacturing facilities, which, due to the highly regulated nature of our industry, requires a significant investment in time and cost to create duplicate manufacturing lines, run product validations and seek regulatory approvals. restructuring initiatives take place over a defined timeframe and have a distinct project timeline that requires, and begins subsequent to, approval by our board of directors. in contrast to our ongoing cost reduction initiatives, restructuring initiatives typically result in duplicative cost and exit costs over the defined timeframe and are not considered part of our core, ongoing operations. in addition, during the fourth quarter of 2020 and first half of 2021, we incurred restructuring and restructuring-related net charges associated with management's decision to retire the lotus platform. these restructuring plans are incremental to the core activities that arise in the ordinary course of our business. restructuring and restructuring-related net charges (credits) are excluded from management's assessment of operating performance and from our operating segments' measures of profit and loss used for making operating decisions and assessing performance.
•litigation-related net charges (credits) - these adjustments include certain significant product liability and other litigation-related charges and credits. we record these charges and credits, which we consider to be unusual or infrequent and significant, within the litigation-related charges line in our consolidated statements of operations; all other legal and product liability charges, credits and costs are recorded within selling general and administrative expenses. certain litigation-related net charges (credits) are excluded from management's assessment of operating performance and from our operating segments' measures of profit and loss used for making operating decisions and assessing performance.
•eu mdr implementation costs - these adjustments represent certain incremental costs specific to complying with new regulatory requirements in the eu. eu mdr replaced the existing european medical devices directive (mdd) regulatory framework, and manufacturers of medical devices were required to comply with eu mdr beginning in may 2021 for new product registrations and by may 2024 for medical devices which have a valid ce certificate to the prior directives (issued before may 2021). updates to the legislative text of the eu mdr were adopted by the european parliament and are currently being reviewed for adoption by the council of the european union, including an extension of the transitional period to 2027 for class iib and iii and 2028 for class i and iia medical devices which have a valid ce certificate to the prior directives (issued before may 2021). we expect to incur significant expenditures in connection with the adoption of the eu mdr requirements and we consider the adoption of eu mdr to be a significant change to a regulatory framework, and therefore, these expenditures are not considered to be ordinary course expenditures in connection with regulatory matters. as such, certain of these costs are excluded from management's assessment of operating performance and from our operating segments' measures of profit and loss used for making operating decisions and assessing performance.
•debt extinguishment net charges (credits) - these amounts relate to the early extinguishment of certain outstanding principal amounts of our senior notes. certain debt extinguishment net charges (credits) are excluded from management's assessment of operating performance and from our operating segments' measures of profit and loss used for making operating decisions and assessing performance.
•investment portfolio net losses (gains) - these amounts represent write-downs or fair value remeasurement gains and losses related to our investment portfolio. each reporting period, we evaluate our investments without a readily determinable fair value to determine if there are any events or circumstances that are likely to have a significant adverse effect on the fair value of the investment. if we identify an impairment indicator, we will estimate the fair value of the investment and compare it to its carrying value and determine if the impairment is other-than-temporary, and recognize an impairment loss. in addition, for those investments accounted for under the measurement alternative method of accounting, we record gains and losses to remeasure the carrying value of the investments to their fair values based on observable market prices or implied market values. investment impairment charges and fair value remeasurements can be highly variable dependent on external market factors and conditions relative to the underlying investee, which are generally outside of the control of management, as such these amounts are excluded from management's assessment of performance.
•deferred tax expenses (benefits) - this adjustment relates to a significant non-cash tax benefit arising from an intra-entity asset transfer of intellectual property completed in the fourth quarter of 2019 which resulted in our recording a $4.102 billion net deferred tax asset. the deferred tax benefit associated with the establishment of the net deferred tax asset as well as any deferred tax expense resulting from the reversal of the deferred tax asset are excluded from management's assessment of operating performance and from our operating segments' measures of profit and loss used for making operating decisions and assessing performance.
•discrete tax items - these items represent adjustments of certain tax positions including those which a) are related to the finalization of the enactment date impact of the tcja, or b) are related to the tax consequences of a non-gaap adjustment item booked in a prior period. these discrete tax items are excluded from management's assessment of operating performance and from our operating segments' measures of profit and loss used for making operating decisions and assessing performance.
operational net sales
•the impact of foreign currency fluctuations is highly variable and difficult to predict. accordingly, management excludes the impact of foreign currency fluctuations for purposes of reviewing net sales and growth rates to facilitate an evaluation of our current operating performance and a comparison to our past operating performance.
•organic net sales growth excludes the impact of foreign currency fluctuations and net sales attributable to acquisitions and divestitures for which there are less than a full period of comparable net sales.
rule 10b5-1 trading plans by executive officers periodically, certain of our executive officers adopt written stock trading plans in accordance with rule 10b5-1 under the exchange act and our own stock trading policy. a rule 10b5-1 trading plan is a written document that pre-establishes the amount, prices and dates (or formulas for determining the amounts, prices and dates) of future purchases or sales of our stock, including shares issued upon exercise of stock options or vesting of deferred stock units. these plans are entered into at a time when the person is not in possession of material non-public information about our company. we disclose details regarding individual rule 10b5-1 trading plans on the investor relations section of our website.
management's annual report on internal control over financial reporting as the management of boston scientific corporation, we are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. we designed our internal control process to provide reasonable assurance to management and the board of directors regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
we assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2022. in making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission in internal control-integrated framework (2013 framework). based on our assessment, we believe that, as of december 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting is effective at a reasonable assurance level based on these criteria.
in accordance with the sec staff 's interpretive guidance for newly acquired businesses, we are permitted to omit an assessment of an acquired business's internal control over financial reporting from our assessment of internal control for up to one year from the acquisition date. as such, we have excluded baylis medical company inc., acquired on february 14, 2022, from our annual assessment of internal controls over financial reporting as of december 31, 2022. this business represented less than one percent of total assets as of december 31, 2022 and approximately one percent of net sales for the year then ended.
ernst & young llp, an independent registered public accounting firm, has issued an audit report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. this report, in which they expressed an unqualified opinion, is included below.
/s/ michael f. mahoney                          /s/ daniel j. brennan michael f. mahoney                              daniel j. brennan chief executive officer                         executive vice president and chief financial officer report of independent registered public accounting firm to the stockholders and the board of directors of boston scientific corporation opinion on internal control over financial reporting we have audited boston scientific corporation's internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2022, based on criteria established in internal control-integrated framework issued by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission (2013 framework) (the coso criteria). in our opinion, boston scientific corporation (the company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2022, based on the coso criteria.
as indicated in the accompanying management's annual report on internal control over financial reporting, management's assessment of and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting did not include the internal controls of baylis medical company inc., which is included in the 2022 consolidated financial statements of the company and constituted less than 1% of total assets as of december 31, 2022 and approximately 1% of revenues for the year then ended. our audit of internal control over financial reporting of the company also did not include an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of baylis medical company inc.
we also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the public company accounting oversight board (united states) (pcaob), the 2022 consolidated financial statements of the company and our report dated february 23, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.
basis for opinion the company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying management's annual report on internal control over financial reporting. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. we are a public accounting firm registered with the pcaob and are required to be independent with respect to the company in accordance with the u.s. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the securities and exchange commission and the pcaob.
we conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the pcaob. those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.
our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. we believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
definition and limitations of internal control over financial reporting a company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. a company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.