item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a) is intended to provide readers of our consolidated financial statements with the perspectives of management. this should allow the readers of this report to obtain a comprehensive understanding of our businesses, strategies, current trends, and future prospects. our md&a includes the following sections:
• executive overview: high level discussion of our operating results and some of the trends that affect our business.
• critical accounting policies and estimates: policies and estimates that we believe are important to understanding the assumptions and judgments underlying our financial statements.
• results of operations: a more detailed discussion of our revenue and expenses.
• liquidity and capital resources: discussion of key aspects of our consolidated statements of cash flows, changes in our consolidated balance sheets, and our financial commitments.
you should note that this md&a contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. please see the section entitled "forward-looking statements" immediately preceding part i for important information to consider when evaluating such statements.
you should read this md&a in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes in item 8 of this annual report.
due to the ongoing covid-19, pandemic we continue to conduct business with modifications to employee work locations. nearly all of our sites are now fully open. we are transitioning to a hybrid model where our workforce will spend a portion of their time working in our offices and a portion of their time working from home. we continue to evaluate and refine our return to workplace strategy.
the russia-ukraine war and related sanctions imposed as a result of this conflict have increased global economic and political uncertainty. intuit does not have offices or material business in russia or ukraine.
while we have not experienced significant disruptions to our operations from the covid-19 pandemic or the russia-ukraine war, we are unable to predict the full impact that these events will have on our operations and future financial performance, including demand for our offerings, impact to our customers and partners, actions that may be taken by governmental authorities, impact to the overall macroeconomic environment, and other factors identified in "risk factors" in item 1a of part i of this annual report.
in april 2020, intuit was approved as a non-bank small business administration lender for the paycheck protection program (ppp). the ppp was authorized under the coronavirus aid, relief, and economic security act (cares act) to provide small businesses loans to pay payroll and group health costs, salaries and commissions, mortgage and rent payments, utilities, and interest on other debt which is designed to provide assistance to small businesses during the covid-19 pandemic.
on december 3, 2020, we acquired credit karma in a business combination, which operates as a separate reportable segment. we have included their results of operations in our consolidated results of operations from the date of acquisition. segment operating income for credit karma includes all direct expenses related to selling and marketing, product development, and general and administrative, which is different from our other reportable segments where we do not fully allocate corporate expenses. therefore, credit karma segment operating income is not comparable to the segment operating income of our other reportable segments. see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report for more information.
on november 1, 2021, we acquired all of the outstanding equity of the rocket science group llc (mailchimp). mailchimp is part of our small business & self-employed segment. we have included the results of mailchimp in our consolidated results of operations from the date of acquisition. see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report for more information.
on august 1, 2022, to better align our personal finance strategy, our mint offering moved from our consumer segment to our credit karma segment. we have included the results of mint in the consumer segment in the segment results below. revenue and operating results for mint are not significant and the previously reported segment results have not been reclassified. effective august 1, 2022, the operating results for mint will be included in the credit karma segment.
on august 1, 2022, we renamed our proconnect segment as the protax segment. this segment continues to serve professional accountants.
intuit fiscal 2018 form 10-k tables of contents executive overview this overview provides a high level discussion of our operating results and some of the trends that affect our business. we believe that an understanding of these trends is important in order to understand our financial results for fiscal 2022 as well as our future prospects. this summary is not intended to be exhaustive, nor is it a substitute for the detailed discussion and analysis provided elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
industry trends and seasonality industry trends artificial intelligence (ai) is transforming multiple industries, including financial technology. disruptive start-ups, emerging ecosystems and mega-platforms are harnessing new technology to create personalized experiences, deliver data-driven insights and increase speed of service. these shifts are creating a more dynamic and highly competitive environment where customer expectations are shifting around the world as more services become digitized and the array of choices continues to increase.
seasonality our consumer and proconnect offerings have a significant and distinct seasonal pattern as sales and revenue from our income tax preparation products and services are typically concentrated in the period from november through april. this seasonal pattern typically results in higher net revenues during our second and third quarters ending january 31 and april 30, respectively.
in fiscal 2022, the irs began accepting returns on january 24, 2022, and the tax filing deadline was april 18, 2022. however, in fiscal 2021, the irs began accepting returns on february 12, 2021, and the tax filing deadline was may 17, 2021. in fiscal 2020, the irs began accepting returns on january 27, 2020, and the tax filing deadline was july 15, 2020. as a result of the extensions of the tax filing deadlines in 2021 and 2020, a significant amount of our fiscal 2021 and 2020 consumer segment and proconnect segment revenues were recognized in the fourth quarter as compared to the third quarter of fiscal 2022.
we expect the seasonality of our consumer and proconnect businesses to continue to have a significant impact on our quarterly financial results in the future.
key challenges and risks our growth strategy depends upon our ability to initiate and embrace disruptive technology trends, to enter new markets, and to drive broad adoption of the products and services we develop and market. our future growth also increasingly depends on the strength of our third-party business relationships and our ability to continue to develop, maintain, and strengthen new and existing relationships. to remain competitive and continue to grow, we are investing significant resources in our product development, marketing, and sales capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future.
as we offer more online services, the ongoing operation and availability of our platforms and systems and those of our external service providers is becoming increasingly important. because we help customers manage their financial lives, we face risks associated with the hosting, collection, use, and retention of personal customer information and data. we are investing significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future.
for our consumer and professional tax offerings, we have implemented additional security measures and are continuing to work with state and federal governments to implement industry-wide security and anti-fraud measures, including sharing information regarding suspicious filings. we received iso 27001 certification for a portion of our systems, and we continue to invest in security measures and to work with the broader industry and government to protect our customers against this type of fraud. additionally, credit karma's security measures are regularly reviewed and updated.
for a complete discussion of the most significant risks and uncertainties affecting our business, please see "forward-looking statements" immediately preceding part i and "risk factors" in item 1a of part i of this annual report.
intuit fiscal 2022 form 10-k tables of contents overview of financial results the most important financial indicators that we use to assess our business are revenue growth for the company as a whole and for each reportable segment; operating income growth for the company as a whole; earnings per share; and cash flow from operations. we also track certain non-financial drivers of revenue growth and, when material, identify them in the applicable discussions of segment results below. service offerings are a significant part of our business. our total service and other revenue was $11.0 billion or 86% of our total revenue in fiscal 2022, and we expect our total service and other revenue to continue to grow in the future.
revenue of                          small business &amp; self-employed revenue of         consumer revenue of credit karma revenue of             proconnect revenue of                                 operating income of net income of                       diluted net income per share of                       cash flow from operations of
(1) credit karma revenue for fiscal 2021 includes the operations of credit karma from the acquisition date of december 3, 2020, while fiscal 2022 includes the full twelve months of operations.
critical accounting policies and estimates in preparing our consolidated financial statements in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap), we are required to make estimates, assumptions, and judgments that can have a significant impact on our net revenue, operating income or loss and net income or loss, as well as on the value of certain assets and liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. we believe that the estimates, assumptions, and judgments involved in the following accounting policies have the greatest potential impact on our consolidated financial statements, so we consider these to be our critical accounting policies:
•revenue recognition
•business combinations
•goodwill, acquired intangible assets, and other long-lived assets - impairment assessments
•accounting for income taxes - estimates of deferred taxes, valuation allowances, and uncertain tax positions our senior management has reviewed the development and selection of these critical accounting policies and their disclosure in this annual report on form 10-k with the audit and risk committee of our board of directors.
intuit fiscal 2022 form 10-k tables of contents revenue recognition we derive our revenue primarily from the sale of online services such as tax, accounting, payroll, merchant payment processing, delivery of qualified links, e-commerce, marketing automation, customer relationship management, and packaged desktop software products and desktop software subscriptions. our contracts with customers often include promises to transfer multiple products and services. in determining how revenue should be recognized, a five-step process is used, which requires judgment and estimates within the revenue recognition process. the primary judgments include identifying the performance obligations in the contract and determining whether the performance obligations are distinct. if any of these judgments were to change it could cause a material increase or decrease in the amount of revenue we report in a particular period. for additional information, see "revenue recognition" in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report.
business combinations as described in "description of business and summary of significant accounting policies - business combinations," in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report, under the acquisition method of accounting we generally recognize the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities assumed, and any noncontrolling interests in an acquiree at their fair values as of the date of acquisition. we measure goodwill as the excess of consideration transferred, which we also measure at fair value, over the net of the acquisition date fair values of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. the acquisition method of accounting requires us to exercise judgment and make significant estimates and assumptions regarding the fair values of the elements of a business combination as of the date of acquisition, including the fair values of identifiable intangible assets, deferred tax asset valuation allowances, liabilities related to uncertain tax positions, and contingencies. this method allows us to refine these estimates over a one-year measurement period to reflect new information obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date that, if known, would have affected the measurement of the amounts recognized as of that date. if we are required to retroactively adjust provisional amounts that we have recorded for the fair values of assets and liabilities in connection with acquisitions, these adjustments could materially decrease our operating income and net income and result in lower asset values on our consolidated balance sheet.
significant estimates and assumptions that we must make in estimating the fair value of acquired technology, customer lists, and other identifiable intangible assets include future cash flows that we expect to generate from the acquired assets. if the subsequent actual results and updated projections of the underlying business activity change compared with the assumptions and projections used to develop these values, we could record impairment charges. in addition, we have estimated the economic lives of certain acquired assets and these lives are used to calculate depreciation and amortization expense. if our estimates of the economic lives change, depreciation or amortization expenses could be accelerated or slowed.
goodwill, acquired intangible assets and other long-lived assets - impairment assessments we estimate the fair value of acquired intangible assets and other long-lived assets that have finite useful lives whenever an event or change in circumstances indicates that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. we test for potential impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives annually in our fourth fiscal quarter or whenever indicators of impairment arise. the timing of the annual test may result in charges to our consolidated statement of operations in our fourth fiscal quarter that could not have been reasonably foreseen in prior periods.
as described in "description of business and summary of significant accounting policies - goodwill, acquired intangible assets and other long-lived assets," in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report, in order to estimate the fair value of goodwill we use a weighted combination of a discounted cash flow model (known as the income approach) and comparisons to publicly traded companies engaged in similar businesses (known as the market approach). the income approach requires us to use a number of assumptions, including market factors specific to the business, the amount and timing of estimated future cash flows to be generated by the business over an extended period of time, long-term growth rates for the business, and a rate of return that considers the relative risk of achieving the cash flows and the time value of money. we evaluate cash flows at the reporting unit level. although the assumptions we use in our discounted cash flow model are consistent with the assumptions we use to generate our internal strategic plans and forecasts, significant judgment is required to estimate the amount and timing of future cash flows from each reporting unit and the relative risk of achieving those cash flows. when using the market approach, we make judgments about the comparability of publicly traded companies engaged in similar businesses. we base our judgments on factors such as size, growth rates, profitability, risk, and return on investment. we also make judgments when adjusting market multiples of revenue, operating income, and earnings for these companies to reflect their relative similarity to our own businesses. see note 6 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report for a summary of goodwill by reportable segment.
we estimate the recoverability of acquired intangible assets and other long-lived assets that have finite useful lives by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to the future undiscounted cash flows that we expect the asset to generate. in order to estimate the fair value of those assets, we estimate the present value of future cash flows from those assets. the key assumptions that we use in our discounted cash flow model are the amount and timing of estimated future cash flows to be generated by the asset over an extended period of time and a rate of return that considers the relative risk of achieving the cash flows and the time value of money. significant judgment is required to estimate the amount and timing of future cash flows and the relative risk of achieving those cash flows. we also make judgments about the remaining useful lives of acquired intangible assets and other long-lived assets that have finite lives. see note 6 to the consolidated financial statements in intuit fiscal 2022 form 10-k tables of contents