Abbott depends on sophisticated information technology systems and maintains protected personal data, and a cyber attack or other breach affecting these information technology systems or protected data could have a material adverse effect on Abbott's results of operations. The size and complexity of the information technology systems on which Abbott relies for both its infrastructure and products make them susceptible to a cyber attack, malicious intrusion, breakdown, destruction, loss of data privacy, or other significant disruption. Abbott invests in its systems and technology and in the protection of its products and data to reduce the risk of an attack or other significant disruption, and monitors its systems on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats or vulnerabilities and for changes in technology and the regulatory environment. There can be no assurance that these measures and efforts will prevent future attacks or other significant disruptions to any of the systems on which Abbott relies or that related product issues will not arise in the future. Abbott's research and development efforts may not succeed in developing commercially successful products and technologies, which may cause Abbott's revenue and profitability to decline. To remain competitive, Abbott must continue to launch new products and technologies. Abbott commits substantial efforts, funds, and other resources to research and development, and a risk of failure is inherent in the research and development of new products and technologies. Abbott must make ongoing substantial expenditures without any assurance that its efforts will be commercially successful. Innovations may not be accepted quickly in the marketplace due to entrenched patterns of clinical practice or uncertainty over third-party reimbursement. Abbott's operations and performance depend on its ability to manage its large and complex global supply chain, and disruptions to Abbott's global supply chain could negatively affect Abbott's results of operations. The COVID-19 pandemic has contributed to global supply chain disruptions, which have adversely impacted the cost and availability of certain raw materials, supplies, and services. Abbott has experienced, and may continue to experience, availability issues with some services, operations, and materials used in its products. Abbott's ability to arrange additional financing or refinancing will depend on its financial position and performance, as well as prevailing market conditions and other factors beyond Abbott's control. Abbott's ability to integrate acquisitions successfully into its existing business or transition disposed businesses efficiently could incur significant debt and unknown or contingent liabilities. Abbott's credit ratings reflect each credit rating agency's opinion of Abbott's financial strength, operating performance, and ability to meet its debt obligations. Adverse changes in Abbott's credit ratings may result in increased borrowing costs for future long-term debt or short-term borrowing facilities and may limit financing options. Abbott's business is subject to risks associated with managing a global supply chain and doing business internationally, which may cause its revenue and profitability to decline. The international nature of Abbott's business subjects it to additional business risks that may cause its revenue and profitability to decline, including differing local product preferences and product requirements, trade protection measures, and political and economic instability. Abbott's significant areas of therapeutic focus will include the continuous improvement of its existing products to provide benefits to patients and customers, and it plans to expand its product portfolio in key therapeutic areas. In its diagnostics business, Abbott's focus will include driving sales growth from its Alinity suite of diagnostics instruments and its portfolio of rapid diagnostic testing systems.