The markets in which we participate are intensely competitive, characterized by new industry standards, evolving distribution models, and frequent product introductions. Our future success will depend on our continued ability to enhance and integrate our existing products and services, introduce new products and services in a timely and cost-effective manner, meet changing customer expectations and needs, and anticipate emerging standards and technological developments. The integration of our products and services with one another and other companies' offerings creates an increasingly complex ecosystem that is partly reliant on third parties. If any disruptive technology or competing products achieve widespread acceptance, our operating results could suffer. We may not realize the anticipated benefits of past or future investments or acquisitions, and integration of acquisitions may disrupt our business and management. Our ability to acquire other businesses or technologies, make strategic investments, or integrate acquired businesses effectively may also be impaired by external factors such as the COVID-19 pandemic and geopolitical tensions. The success of our product and service offerings depends on our ability to attract and retain customers, and we rely on the functionality and features of our online marketplaces to achieve this. We face risks related to security breaches in data centers we manage or third parties manage on our behalf, which could compromise the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of employee and customer data. Unauthorized access to or loss of data could disrupt our operations and damage our reputation. We continuously monitor and develop our information technology networks and infrastructure to prevent, detect, and mitigate risks to our data, systems, and networks. Cyber threats are constantly evolving, making it increasingly difficult to defend against them. We devote significant resources to address security vulnerabilities, but these efforts may not be successful or timely enough to prevent unauthorized access. Our ability to deliver quality data security and privacy is critical to maintaining customer trust and could adversely affect our business if not met. We face various risks associated with operating as a multinational corporation, including compliance with laws and regulations globally, which may harm our business. The application of these laws is often unclear and may conflict, leading to potential fines and reputational harm. The dynamic nature of laws and regulations regarding data protection and privacy, such as the GDPR and CCPA, creates new compliance obligations and expands the scope of potential liability. We are also subject to risks associated with our intellectual property rights, which are valuable assets that require significant resources to protect. In addition, we may incur substantial costs defending against claims of infringement. Our business relies on effective management of critical strategic third-party relationships, and failure to do so could result in loss of revenue and harm to our business. We have made significant investments in research and development to remain competitive and continue to focus on long-term opportunities in our end markets. Our subscription revenue model, which is primarily based on fees for our subscription and hosted service offerings, is designed to provide predictable revenue streams. We recognize subscription revenue ratably over the term of agreements with our customers, and fluctuations in renewal rates can significantly impact our revenue. The complexity of our sales cycles, particularly for enterprise offerings, adds challenges to forecasting revenue and managing customer relationships effectively.