We operate in a rapidly changing environment that involves significant risks, including existing and increased competition and rapidly evolving technological changes. The software industry has transitioned from developing and selling perpetual licenses and on-premises products to subscriptions and cloud-enabled technologies, requiring constant evaluation of our business model and strategy. Our strategy to develop and introduce new products and services exposes us to risks such as limited customer acceptance and costs related to product defects. We devote significant resources to the development of new technologies and frequently introduce new business models that require considerable investment of technical and financial resources. Our executive management team must act quickly and with vision, given the rapidly changing customer expectations and technology advancements inherent in the software industry. The success of our growth strategy is contingent on our ability to have customers expand their portfolios to include our offerings and cloud-based functionality. We rely on our network and data center infrastructure, technology systems, and websites for our development, marketing, operational, support, sales, accounting, and financial reporting activities. We are investing in resources to update and improve our information technology systems to digitize Autodesk and support our customers. Our transition to cloud-based products and a subscription-only business model involves considerable investment in the development of technologies, as well as back-office systems for technical, financial, compliance, and sales resources. Such improvements can be complex, costly, and time-consuming, and unsuccessful implementation could result in disruption in our business operations, loss of customers, and damage to our reputation. We rely on third parties to provide us with a number of operational and technical services, and third-party security incidents could result in the loss of our or our customers' data, harm our reputation, and adversely impact our financial results. Our ability to mitigate security incident risks may be impacted by our limited control over our customers or third-party technology providers and vendors. We devote significant resources to maintain the security and integrity of our systems, offerings, services, and applications, including enhancing security features and conducting penetration tests. Despite these efforts, we may not prevent security incidents, and we may face delays or difficulties in identifying, responding to, or remediating them. Our software solutions are highly complex and may contain undetected errors, defects, or vulnerabilities, and are subject to service disruptions, degradations, outages, or other performance problems. Any errors, defects, vulnerabilities, or service disruptions could result in damage to our reputation, loss of revenue, and an increase in subscription cancellations. Our business strategy depends upon our relationships with third-party developers who provide products that expand the functionality of our design software. We anticipate that we will continue to acquire products, technology, and businesses as compelling opportunities become available, although acquisitions entail cost and integration challenges. Our strategy includes improving our product functionality and expanding our product offerings through internal development as well as through the acquisition of products, technology, and businesses. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our financial condition, operating results, and reputation.