We are exposed to certain risks if we are unable to maintain the availability of our critical technology systems and data and safeguard the confidentiality and integrity of our data, which could compromise our ability to conduct business and adversely affect our consolidated business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. Our business is highly dependent on our ability to access these systems and networks to perform necessary business functions. In the event of a natural disaster, a computer virus, unauthorized access, a terrorist attack, cyber attack or other disruption, our systems and networks may be inaccessible to our employees, customers or business partners for an extended period of time, and we may be unable to meet our business obligations and regulatory requirements for an extended period of time if our data or systems are disabled, manipulated, destroyed or otherwise compromised. We continuously monitor and develop our information security and technology operations in an effort to prevent, detect, address and mitigate the risk of threats to our data, systems and networks, including malware and computer virus attacks, ransomware, unauthorized access, business e-mail compromise, misuse, denial-of-service attacks, system failures and disruptions, both independently and through contracts with third parties. Our risk management policies and procedures may prove to be ineffective and leave us exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risk, which could adversely affect our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. We have developed and continue to enhance enterprise-wide risk management policies and procedures to identify, monitor and mitigate risk and loss to which we are exposed. Our risk management policies and procedures may not be sufficiently comprehensive and may not identify or adequately protect us from every risk to which we are exposed. We have also introduced new product features designed to limit our risk and taken actions on in-force business, which may not be fully successful in limiting or eliminating risk. We may take additional actions on our in-force business, including adjusting crediting rates and cost of insurance, which may not be fully successful in maintaining profitability and which may result in litigation. Our hedging programs and reinsurance strategies that are designed to manage market risk and mortality risk rely on assumptions regarding our assets, liabilities, general market factors and the creditworthiness of our counterparties that could prove to be incorrect or inadequate. Our current business continuity and disaster recovery plans may not be sufficient to reduce the impact of pandemics, cyber risks, including ransomware, and other natural or man-made catastrophic events that are beyond our anticipated thresholds or impact tolerances. We are exposed to credit risk arising from exposures to various counterparties related to investments, derivatives, premiums receivable, certain general insurance businesses and reinsurance recoverables. These counterparties may default on their obligations to us due to bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, financial distress, lack of liquidity, adverse economic conditions, operational failure, fraud, government intervention and other reasons. We rely on investment management and advisory arrangements with third-party investment managers for the majority of our investment portfolio. The historical performance of any investment manager we engage should not be considered as indicative of the future results of our investment portfolio. We expect to continue to adjust crediting rates on in-force business, as appropriate, to be responsive to a rising rate environment. Our businesses operate in highly competitive environments, and technological changes may present new and intensified challenges to our businesses. We face intense competition in each of our business lines, and technological changes may present new and intensified challenges to our businesses.