We face significant competitive pressures in each of our businesses, and our success depends, in part, on our ability to attract and retain qualified talent, including our senior management team. If we are unable to apply technology and data analytics effectively in driving value for our clients through technology-based solutions or gain internal efficiencies and effective internal controls through the application of technology and related tools, our operating results, client relationships, growth, and compliance programs could be adversely affected. Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to anticipate and respond effectively to the threat and opportunity presented by digital disruption, "big data," and data analytics, and other developments in technology. We must also develop and implement technology solutions and technical expertise among our employees that anticipate and keep pace with rapid and continuing changes in technology, industry standards, client preferences, and internal control standards. We may not be successful in anticipating or responding to these developments on a timely and cost-effective basis, and our ideas may not be accepted in the marketplace. Additionally, the effort to gain technological expertise, make use of data analytics, and develop new technologies in our business requires us to incur significant expenses. Investments in technology systems and data analytics capabilities may not deliver the benefits or perform as expected, or may be replaced or become obsolete more quickly than expected, which could result in operational difficulties or additional costs. If we cannot offer new technologies or data analytics solutions as quickly as our competitors, or if our competitors develop more cost-effective technologies, data analytics solutions, or other product offerings, we could experience a material adverse effect on our operating results, client relationships, growth, and compliance programs. Our ability to conduct business may be adversely affected by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our business, which could be caused by a cybersecurity incident, human error, capacity constraints, hardware failure or defect, natural disasters, pandemics, fire, power loss, telecommunication failures, break-ins, sabotage, intentional acts of vandalism, acts of terrorism, civil disruption, political violence and unrest, or war. Our disaster recovery procedures may not be effective, and insurance may not continue to be available at reasonable prices and may not address all such losses or compensate us for the possible loss of clients or increase in claims and lawsuits directed against us. Integration efforts relating to acquisitions are complex, including with respect to technology and IT systems, which may divert management's attention and resources, adversely affecting our operating results. We rely on information technology and third-party vendors to support our business activities, including our secure processing of personal, confidential, sensitive, proprietary, and other types of information. We maintain policies, procedures, and technical safeguards designed to protect the security and privacy of confidential, personal, and proprietary information. Nonetheless, we cannot eliminate the risk of human error, malfeasance, or highly sophisticated cyber-attacks. It is possible that our security controls and employee training are not effective. We have and continue to invest in technology security initiatives, policies, resources, and employee training. The cost and operational consequences of implementing, maintaining, and enhancing appropriate technical measures is high. Given the continuously evolving cyber threat landscape, it will become increasingly difficult to detect, defend against, and remediate cybersecurity incidents and data breaches. If we are unable to effectively maintain and enhance our system safeguards in line with evolving cyber threats, we may incur unexpected costs, regulatory enforcement action, loss of clients, reputational damage, and certain of our systems may become more vulnerable to unauthorized access.