The industries that Applied serves can be volatile and difficult to predict, as demand for manufacturing equipment and services can change depending on several factors, including the nature and timing of technology inflections and advances in fabrication processes. To meet rapidly changing demand, Applied must accurately forecast demand and effectively manage its resources and production capacity across its businesses. Applied is exposed to risks associated with an uncertain global economy, which could materially adversely impact its operating results. Uncertain or adverse economic and business conditions could result in decreases in consumer spending and demand, negatively impacting demand for Applied's products and services. Applied's business depends on its timely supply of equipment, services, and related products to meet the changing technical and volume requirements of its customers. Significant and sudden increases in demand for Applied's products have resulted in, and may continue to result in, a shortage of parts, materials, or services needed to manufacture Applied's products. The company must effectively manage its supply chain and attract, retain, and motivate a sufficient number of qualified employees. Applied's ability to capitalize on opportunities may be adversely affected if it does not effectively manage its business operations in response to changing economic and industry conditions. Applied is exposed to risks associated with operating a global business, including the need to provide sufficient levels of technical support in different locations around the world and the performance of third-party providers of outsourced functions, including information technology and other activities. The failure to successfully implement enterprise resource planning and other information systems changes could adversely impact Applied's business and results of operations. If Applied does not successfully implement enterprise resource planning and related information systems improvements, or if there are delays or difficulties in implementing these systems, it may not realize anticipated productivity improvements or cost efficiencies. Applied's significant investments in research, development, and engineering must enable it to deliver new products and technologies before the emergence of strong demand, allowing customers to incorporate these products into their manufacturing plans during early-stage technology selection. Applied must maintain operating flexibility to enable responses to changing markets, applications, customers, and customer requirements, and enhance its worldwide operations across its businesses to reduce cycle time, enable continuous quality improvement, reduce costs, and enhance design for manufacturability and serviceability. The company is also exposed to risks associated with cybersecurity threats and incidents, as it collects, uses, transmits, and stores data on information technology systems. Cybersecurity incidents may result in business disruption, reputational damage, and increased costs associated with the implementation of cybersecurity measures. Applied's future success depends on many factors, including the development of new technologies and effective commercialization and customer acceptance of its equipment, services, and related products. If Applied does not successfully anticipate technology inflections, develop and commercialize new products and technologies, and respond to changes in customer requirements and market trends, its business performance and results of operations may be adversely impacted.