A significant decrease in leasing demand for our communications infrastructure would materially and adversely affect our business and operating results, and we cannot control that demand. Factors that may affect such demand include increased mergers, consolidations or exits that reduce the number of communications service providers or increased use of network sharing among governments or communications service providers. The ability and willingness of wireless and cloud service providers to maintain or increase capital expenditures on network infrastructure are critical for our operational flexibility and market response. Technological changes, including delays or changes in the deployment of next-generation wireless technologies, may also impact our business. Our growth projections are based on future revenue from a small number of customers, and adverse changes in their creditworthiness could materially affect our financial condition. We depend on the continued financial strength of our customers, many of whom operate with substantial levels of debt. Our international operations expose us to risks associated with fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and changes in political or economic conditions, which could adversely affect our revenues or financial position. The development and implementation of new technologies designed to enhance the efficiency of wireless networks could reduce the need for tower-based wireless services, thereby impacting our revenue. Our data center site infrastructure may become antiquated due to the development of new systems that deliver power to, or eliminate heat from, the servers and other customer equipment that we house. We must safeguard our customers' infrastructure and equipment located in our data centers and ensure our data centers remain operational at all times. Problems at one or more of our data centers could result in service interruptions or significant infrastructure or equipment damage, adversely affecting our ability to maintain service level commitments. We face risks associated with unauthorized access to our or our vendors' computer systems, loss or destruction of data, and cybersecurity breaches that could disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our financial performance. The frequency, severity, and sophistication of cybersecurity incidents have increased globally, which may continue, especially during times of geopolitical tension. We are continuously evaluating and enhancing our cybersecurity and information security systems; however, there can be no assurance that these measures will be effective in preventing or limiting the impact of future cybersecurity incidents. Our ability to increase cash flow from operating activities depends upon the demand for our communications infrastructure and our related services and our ability to increase the utilization of our existing communications infrastructure. The loan agreements for our credit facilities contain certain financial and operating covenants that could limit our flexibility and may restrict our ability to incur additional debt, make distributions, or engage in various types of transactions. Our business, and that of our customers, is subject to laws, regulations, and administrative decisions that could restrict our ability to operate as we currently do or impact our competitive landscape. We may also be required to expend significant resources to meet environmental, social, and governance goals, which could increase our operational costs. The ongoing transition from 2G technology to 4G technology in certain markets, such as India, has included a period of carrier consolidation, which we believe will result in a more constructive industry structure.