The complexity of the current scale of our business can place significant strain on our management, personnel, operations, systems, technical performance, financial resources, and internal financial control and reporting functions, and our expansion increases these factors. Our technology and content investment and capital spending projects often support a variety of product and service offerings due to geographic expansion and the cross-functionality of our systems and operations. We seek to invest efficiently in several areas of technology and content, including AWS, and expansion of new and existing product categories and service offerings, as well as in technology infrastructure to enhance the customer experience and improve our process efficiencies. We believe that advances in technology, specifically the speed and reduced cost of processing power, data storage and analytics, improved wireless connectivity, and the practical applications of artificial intelligence and machine learning, will continue to improve users' experience on the internet and increase its ubiquity in people's lives. We expect spending in technology and content will increase over time as we add computer scientists, designers, software and hardware engineers, and merchandising employees. Our technology and content costs include payroll and related expenses for employees involved in the research and development of new and existing products and services, development, design, and maintenance of our stores, curation and display of products and services made available in our online stores, and infrastructure costs. We seek to expand our fulfillment network to accommodate a greater selection and in-stock inventory levels and to meet anticipated shipment volumes from sales of our own products as well as sales by third parties for which we provide the fulfillment services. Our ability to retain and increase sales to existing customers, attract new customers, and satisfy our customers' demands is critical, as is our ability to offer products on favorable terms, manage inventory, and fulfill orders. The introduction of competitive stores, websites, products, services, price decreases, or improvements can impact our operational efficiency and market positioning. We face risks related to successfully optimizing and operating our fulfillment network and data centers, as failures to adequately predict customer demand or otherwise optimize and operate our fulfillment network and data centers can result in excess or insufficient fulfillment or data center capacity, service interruptions, increased costs, and impairment charges. Our reliance on third-party technology and systems for a variety of reasons, including encryption and authentication technology, back-office support, and other functions, underscores the importance of effective IT capabilities. We also face risks related to system interruption and lack of redundancy, as we experience occasional system interruptions and delays that make our websites and services unavailable or slow to respond. Our systems are not fully redundant, and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient. We are subject to significant fluctuations in our operating results and growth rate, and our revenue growth may not be sustainable. We continually evaluate opportunities to sell additional equity or debt securities, obtain credit facilities, and enter into financing obligations, which may affect our liquidity requirements or cause us to secure additional financing. The media, political, and regulatory scrutiny we face amplifies the risks associated with our technology and operational capabilities, as unfavorable regulations, laws, decisions, or interpretations by government or regulatory authorities could cause us to incur substantial costs, expose us to unanticipated civil and criminal liability or penalties, and impede our growth.