Our business depends on the overall demand for information technology, network connectivity, and access to data and applications. The networking market is rapidly evolving, and we must continue to develop market-leading products and features that address the needs of our existing and new customers. We have made substantial investments to develop new products and services and enhancements to existing products through our acquisitions and internal research and development efforts to expand our product offerings and maintain our revenue growth. Our cloud networking platforms are well positioned to address the growing cloud networking market and to address increasing performance requirements driven by the growing number of connected devices, as well as the need for constant connectivity and access to data and applications. We expect competition to intensify in the future as the market for cloud networking expands and existing competitors and new market entrants introduce new products or enhance existing products. Our ability to compete will depend upon our ability to provide a better solution than our competitors at a more competitive price. We have invested and may continue to invest in or acquire other businesses which could require significant management attention, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value, and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. Our research and development expenses consist primarily of personnel costs, prototype expenses, third-party engineering costs, and an allocated portion of facility and IT costs. Our research and development efforts are focused on new product development and maintaining and developing additional functionality for our existing products, including new releases and upgrades to our EOS software and applications. We expect our research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in software development in order to expand the capabilities of our cloud networking platform, introduce new products and features, and continue to invest in our technology. We rely on our ability to protect our proprietary technology, and we seek to protect the source code, design code, documentation, and other information relating to our software under trade secret, patent, copyright, and trademark laws. We also depend on our IT systems to conduct virtually all of our business operations, ranging from our internal operations and product development activities to our marketing and sales efforts and communications with our customers and business partners. Our products must interoperate with operating systems, software applications, and hardware that is developed by others, and if we are unable to devote the necessary resources to ensure that our products interoperate with such software and hardware, we may lose or fail to increase market share and experience a weakening demand for our products. Our reliance on third-party manufacturers to build our products exposes us to operational risks, including their ability to obtain sufficient components for our products and to ramp manufacturing sufficiently to meet our customer demand. We have also outsourced a number of our business functions to third parties, including our manufacturers, logistics providers, and cloud service providers, and our business operations depend, in part, on the success of these third parties' own cybersecurity measures. Our ability to manage our supply chain may also be adversely affected by geopolitical conditions such as the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the Russia-Ukraine conflict. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our reputation, financial condition, and operating results.