Our information technology capabilities are delivered through a combination of internal and external services and service providers. We depend on information technology to enable us to operate safely and efficiently and interface with our customers as well as to maintain our internal control environment and financial reporting accuracy and efficiency. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper technology infrastructure, we could be subject to transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, the loss of customers, business disruptions, property damage, or the loss of or damage to our confidential business information due to a security breach. Our information technology systems may be damaged, disrupted, or shut down due to attacks by computer hackers, computer viruses, employee error or malfeasance, power outages, hardware failures, telecommunication or utility failures, catastrophes, or other unforeseen events, and in any such circumstances, our system redundancy and other disaster recovery planning may be ineffective or inadequate. Security breaches of our systems could result in the misappropriation, destruction, or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information or personal data belonging to us or to our employees, partners, customers, or suppliers, and may subject us to legal liability. Our information technology systems have in the past been, and in the future likely will be, subject to computer viruses, malicious codes, unauthorized access, and other cyber-attacks, and we expect the sophistication and frequency of such attacks to continue to increase. Unauthorized access could disrupt our business operations, result in the loss of assets, and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Any of the attacks, breaches, or other disruptions or damage could interrupt our operations at one or more sites; delay production and shipments; result in the theft of our and our customers' intellectual property and trade secrets; damage customer and business partner relationships and our reputation; result in defective products or services, physical damage to facilities, pipelines, or delivery systems, including those we own or operate for third parties, legal claims and proceedings, liability and penalties under privacy laws, or increased costs for security and remediation. The protection of information about our employees, vendors, and customers is critical to us. We have established policies and procedures to help protect the security and privacy of this information. Breaches of our security measures or the accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure, or unapproved dissemination of proprietary information or sensitive or confidential data about us or our customers could expose us, our customers, or the individuals affected to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, which could ultimately result in litigation and potential legal and financial liability. Our operations depend on the continued operation of our production facilities and our ability to meet customer requirements, which depend, in part, on our ability to properly maintain and replace aging assets. Our extensive international operations can be adversely impacted by operational, economic, political, security, legal, and currency translation risks that could decrease profitability. We continually assess the strategic fit of our existing businesses and may divest businesses that are deemed not to fit with our strategic plan or are not achieving the desired return on investment. Our ability to grow revenue, earnings, and cash flow at anticipated rates depends in part on our ability to identify, successfully acquire, and integrate businesses and assets at appropriate prices, and realize expected growth, synergies, and operating efficiencies.