The company's operations and performance depend significantly on global, regional, and U.S. economic and geopolitical conditions. The company competes primarily on the basis of technology innovation, product quality and performance, price, customer service, and delivery time. The company has focused its global resources to position itself to compete effectively in this environment. The company's strategy is to provide customers with comprehensive design capabilities, a broad selection of products, and a high level of quality and service on a worldwide basis, while maintaining continuing programs of productivity improvement and cost control. The company believes that its global presence is an important competitive advantage, as it allows the company to provide quality products on a timely and worldwide basis to its multinational customers. The company is exposed to political, economic, military, and other risks related to operating in countries outside the United States, which may adversely impact its business and operating results. Cybersecurity incidents affecting the company's information technology systems could disrupt business operations or cause the release of highly sensitive confidential information, resulting in adverse impacts to the company's reputation and operating results. Cybersecurity threats continue to expand and evolve globally, making it difficult to detect and prevent such threats from impacting the company. The company has been and expects to continue to be a target of various cybersecurity attacks, including ransomware attacks. The company maintains significant amounts of data electronically in locations around the world, which relates to all aspects of its business, including financial information and current and future products under development. The regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with frequent imposition of new and changing requirements, privacy laws, and regulations around the world, which impose significant obligations for companies on how they collect, store, protect, process, and transfer personal data. The potential for fines and other related costs in the event of a breach of or non-compliance with any existing and forthcoming information security or privacy laws and requirements may have an adverse effect on the company's financial results. The company has experienced difficulties and unanticipated expenses in connection with purchasing and integrating newly acquired businesses, which may impact its operational efficiency and strategic resource allocation. The company is dependent on attracting, recruiting, hiring, and retaining skilled employees, including its various management teams, as its performance is dependent on its ability to attract and retain skilled personnel. The company encounters competition in substantially all areas of its business, and rapid technological changes could lead to the entry of new competitors of various sizes against whom it may not be able to successfully compete. The company’s sales are affected by changes in the defense budgets of the U.S. and foreign governments, which are subject to political and budgetary fluctuations and constraints. The company has focused its research and development efforts through close collaboration with its customers to develop highly engineered products that meet customer needs and have the potential for broad market applications and significant sales within a one- to three-year period. The company utilizes borrowings under the U.S. commercial paper program for general corporate purposes, which have included fully or partially funding acquisitions, as well as repaying certain outstanding senior notes. The company believes that these sources of liquidity, along with access to capital markets, provide adequate liquidity to meet both its short-term and reasonably foreseeable long-term requirements and obligations.