Our business depends on various internally managed IT systems and outsourced IT services, including cloud-based and other critical corporate infrastructure services relating to financial reporting, product orders and shipping, human resources, benefit plan administration, IT network development, network monitoring, and electronic communication services. Any failure of these internal or third-party systems and services to operate effectively could disrupt our operations and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our operations are dependent upon our ability to protect our IT infrastructure against damage from business continuity events that could have a significant disruptive effect. Although these systems are designed to protect and secure our customers', suppliers', and employees' confidential information, we are, out of necessity, dependent on our vendors to adequately address cybersecurity threats to their own systems. Cyber-attacks are increasing in number and sophistication, and geopolitical instability may increase the likelihood that we will experience direct or collateral consequences from cyber conflicts targeting critical technology infrastructure. An impairment of the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of our IT systems, or those of one or more of our corporate infrastructure vendors, could have a material adverse effect on our business. The complexity of our products could result in unforeseen delays or expenses or undetected defects or bugs, which could adversely affect the market acceptance of new products, damage our reputation with current or prospective customers, and materially and adversely affect our operating costs. We collect, use, store, or otherwise process personal information, which subjects us to privacy and data security laws and contractual commitments, and our actual or perceived failure to comply with such laws and commitments could harm our business. The COVID-19 pandemic has disrupted normal business activity, which has impacted how we operate our business. We experienced some disruption to parts of our global semiconductor supply chain, including procuring necessary components and inputs, such as wafers and substrates, in a timely fashion, with suppliers increasing lead times or placing products on allocation. The pandemic resulted in authorities around the world implementing numerous unprecedented measures that impacted our workforce and operations, and those of our customers, contract manufacturers, suppliers, and logistics providers. Our ability to predict the impact of the pandemic on our business remains limited, and its effects on our business are unlikely to be fully realized until future periods. We may pursue acquisitions, investments, joint ventures, and dispositions, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Our growth strategy includes acquiring or investing in businesses that offer complementary products, services, and technologies, or enhance our market coverage or technological capabilities. Our strategy is to combine best-of-breed technology leadership in semiconductor and infrastructure software solutions, with unmatched scale, on a common sales and administrative platform to deliver a comprehensive suite of infrastructure technology products to the world's leading business and government customers. We seek to achieve this through responsibly financed acquisitions of category-leading businesses and technologies, as well as investing extensively in research and development, to ensure our products retain their technology leadership. The shift to cloud-based IT solutions and services, such as hyperscale computing, may adversely affect the timing and volume of sales of our products for use in traditional enterprise data centers.