We have devoted, and continue to devote, significant resources to develop and deploy our cloud-based productivity and real-time operations SaaS solutions, which we continue to broadly deploy to a large number of customers. Our future success will depend on our ability to develop new products or new product features that achieve market acceptance in a timely and cost-effective manner. The development of new products and new product features is complex, time-consuming, and expensive, and we may experience delays in completing the development and introduction of new products. Our reliance on the sales of our products by others also makes it more difficult to predict our revenues, cash flow, and operating results. Our distribution strategy is to pursue sales through multiple channels which is principally through direct sales and independent distributors. We are focusing on direct sales to larger agencies through our regional sales managers, and our inability to grow sales to these agencies in this manner would materially adversely affect our business prospects, operating results, and financial condition. Our future success is dependent on our ability to expand sales through direct sales and distributors, and our inability to increase direct sales or recruit new distributors would negatively affect our sales. We face risks associated with rapid technological change and new competing products. The technology associated with law enforcement devices and software is receiving significant attention and is rapidly evolving. While we have some patent protection in certain key areas of our Axon device, CED, and SaaS technology, new technology may result in competing products that operate outside our patents and could present significant competition for our products, which could adversely affect our business, financial results, and competitive position. Our business strategy may include acquiring other complementary products, technologies, or businesses. Integrating an acquired technology, asset, or business into our operations can be challenging, complex, and costly, and we cannot assure you that we will be successful or that the anticipated benefits of the acquisitions that we complete will be realized or outweigh their costs. If we are unable to design, introduce, sell, and deploy new products or new product features successfully, our business and financial results could be adversely affected. Our inability to meet any future increase in sales demand or effectively manage our expansion could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, operating results, and financial condition. We are continuously monitoring our operations and intend to take appropriate actions to mitigate the risks arising from catastrophic events, but there can be no assurances that we will be successful in doing so. If our security measures or those of our third-party cloud storage providers are breached and unauthorized access is obtained to customers' data or our data, our network, data centers, and service may be perceived as not being secure, customers may curtail or stop using our service, and we may incur significant legal and financial exposure and liabilities. We devote significant resources to engineer secure products and ensure security vulnerabilities are mitigated, and we require our third-party service providers to do so; however, security breaches that have not had a material effect on our business or our third-party service providers have occurred and will continue to occur. Our business will also be harmed if our customers and potential customers believe our service is unreliable. Since our customers use our services for important aspects of their operations, any errors, defects, disruptions in service, or other performance problems could hurt our reputation and may damage our customers' operations. As a result, customers could elect to not renew our services or delay or withhold payment to us. We are subject to various risks and costs associated with the collection, processing, storage, and transmission of personally identifiable information and other sensitive and confidential information. Our compliance obligations include laws and regulations that dictate whether, how, and under what circumstances we can transfer, process, and/or receive and hold certain data that is critical to our operations, including data shared between countries or regions in which we operate and data shared among our products and services.