We are increasingly reliant upon a number of information and technology systems to operate our business. We process, transmit, and store electronic information in our day-to-day operations, including sensitive personal or proprietary information. In addition, we rely on networks and services, including internet sites, cloud and software-as-a-service ("SaaS") solutions, data hosting and processing facilities, tools and other hardware, software (including open-source software) and technical applications and platforms, including some that are managed, hosted, provided and/or used by third-party providers, to assist in conducting our business. Cyberattacks continue to increase in their frequency, sophistication and intensity, and are becoming increasingly difficult to detect for periods of time, especially as they relate to attacks on third-party providers or their vendors. Our information systems, as well as those of various third parties on which we rely, have been subjected to, and are likely to continue to experience, a variety of attacks including but not limited to malicious code execution, and cyber- or phishing-attacks. We have also experienced instances of unauthorized access to our systems in the past and expect to be subject to similar cyberattacks in the future. In this increasingly hostile environment, we, or our third-party providers, could suffer a loss or disclosure of certain business information (or information regarding third parties stored in our systems) due to any number of causes ranging from catastrophic events or power outages to improper data handling or security breaches. These breaches and cyberattacks could result in our intellectual property and other confidential or proprietary information being accessed, destroyed or stolen, which could adversely affect our competitive position in the market. Likewise, we or our third-party providers could suffer disruption of our operations and other significant negative consequences, including increased costs for security measures or remediation, lost revenue, manufacturing challenges or disruption, diversion of management attention, reputational damage, litigation and damage to our relationships with vendors, business partners and customers. We have made investments to address these threats and continue to dedicate significant resources to protect against unauthorized access of our systems and products, and we continue to work with government authorities and third-party providers to detect and reduce the risk of future cyber incidents. Our ability to remain competitive will depend on how well we meet these changing market, regulatory and cybersecurity demands in terms of our product offerings and marketing approaches. The medical technology industry is also subject to rapid technological change, discovery and frequent product introductions. The development of new or improved products, processes or technologies by other companies that provide better features, pricing, clinical outcomes or economic value may render our products or proposed products obsolete or less competitive. Our operations may also be impacted by a variety of local factors, such as competition from local companies, local product preferences and requirements, and changes in local healthcare payment systems and healthcare delivery systems. Our ability to effectively support business needs has become a key in transforming a firm into a competitive force. A firm’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding and human resources to further organizational goals.