Our ability to respond to and keep up with the rapid pace of technological and market changes is critical. The markets in which we compete are characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards, and changing consumer demands and preferences. We may not be able to keep up with these rapid changes. Additionally, our ability to achieve our long-term strategy to build the connected trip depends on successfully integrating and developing new and evolving technologies, which will require increased financial and personnel investments that could have an adverse impact on our results of operations until we achieve the expected return on these investments. We are working toward enhancing our payments capabilities, including by offering alternative payment solutions to consumers. If we are unable to offer consumers their preferred method of payment by integrating new or emerging payment methods into our platforms, we may not be able to effectively offer our services to these consumers, which would limit our growth opportunities in these markets and our business and results of operations could be harmed. The widespread adoption of new internet, networking, or telecommunications technologies, such as artificial intelligence, could influence how customers search for and book travel and require us to incur substantial expenditures to modify or adapt our services or infrastructure. Our future success will depend on our ability to adapt to rapidly changing technologies, to adapt our services and online platforms to evolving industry standards and local preferences, and to continually innovate and improve the performance, features, and reliability of our services and online platforms in response to competitive service offerings and the evolving demands of the marketplace. We face risks related to our operational and technological infrastructures. As we look to develop our connected trip vision and pursue our other strategic objectives, we continue to optimize collaboration among our brands. Our current and planned employees and outsourced resources, systems, procedures, and controls may not be adequate to support and effectively manage growth and increased complexity, or could result in actual or perceived disruption of our service or customer support. We have experienced targeted and organized malware, phishing, and account takeover attacks, and may in the future experience these and other forms of attack such as ransomware. Our existing security measures may not be successful in preventing attacks on our systems. We use both internally-developed systems and third-party systems to operate our services, including transaction processing, order management, and financial and accounting systems. If the number of consumers using our services increases substantially, or if critical third-party systems stop operating as designed, we may need to significantly expand and upgrade our technology, transaction processing systems, financial and accounting systems, or other infrastructure. We may not be able to upgrade our systems and infrastructure to accommodate such conditions in a timely manner. Our business relies on a global supply chain of third-party services providers and we are exposed to risks because we rely on the resilience, security, and legal compliance of their products and services. We rely on certain third-party computer systems and third-party service providers, including computerized central reservation systems of the accommodation, rental car, and airline industries in connection with providing some of our services. Any damage to, breach of, or interruption in these third-party services and systems or deterioration in their performance could prevent us from booking related accommodation, rental car, and airline reservations and have a material adverse effect on our business, brands, and results of operations.