BlackRock's investment management revenue is primarily comprised of fees based on a percentage of the value of assets under management (AUM) and, in some cases, performance fees which are normally expressed as a percentage of returns to the client. The investment management industry is highly competitive, and BlackRock competes based on a number of factors including investment performance, liquidity, its technology and portfolio construction offerings, and its ability to develop new investment strategies and products to meet the changing needs of investors. BlackRock's Aladdin platform provides sophisticated risk analytics, portfolio management, trade execution, and investment operations, which are important elements of its competitive success. The company continues to invest in technology services offerings, which enhance the ability to manage portfolios and risk, effectively serve clients, and operate efficiently. BlackRock is creating connectivity with ecosystem providers and third-party technology solutions, which include asset servicers, cloud providers, digital asset platforms, and trading systems, to provide a more customized and seamless end-to-end experience. The anticipated industry consolidation and regulatory requirements should continue to drive demand for holistic and flexible technology solutions. BlackRock's strategy is focused on creating outcome-oriented client solutions for both retail investors and institutions, including having a diverse platform of alpha-seeking active, index, and alternative products, as well as enhanced distribution and portfolio construction technology offerings. The company is also investing to scale Aladdin for its next leg of growth through the migration of Aladdin from BlackRock-hosted data centers to the cloud, which is expected to bring enhanced capabilities to BlackRock and its Aladdin clients, accelerating innovation and supporting greater computing scale and flexibility for clients. BlackRock's long-term strategy remains to keep alpha at the heart of its operations, accelerate growth in ETFs, illiquid alternatives, and technology, and deliver whole portfolio solutions. The company believes its strategy aligns with expected future client demand for attractive yields in fixed income, outsourcing solutions, ETFs, private markets, and Aladdin technology, which it expects will continue to shape growth opportunities going forward. BlackRock's financial performance depends, in part, on its ability to react to changes in the asset management industry, respond to evolving client demands, and develop, market, and manage new investment products and services. The development and introduction of new products and services, including the creation of increasingly customizable products, requires continued innovative effort and may require significant time and resources as well as ongoing support and investment. BlackRock's infrastructure, including its technological capacity, data centers, and office space, is vital to the competitiveness of its business. A failure in, or disruption to, BlackRock's operations, systems, or infrastructure, including business continuity plans, could adversely affect operations, damage the company's reputation, and cause BlackRock's AUM, revenue, and earnings to decline. BlackRock's ability to seed, warehouse, or otherwise support certain products may be restricted by regulation or by the company's failure to have or make available sufficient capital or liquidity. The company has also been subject to increasing regulatory scrutiny and compliance costs related to technology and information providers, which may impact its operations and the Aladdin platform.