We rely extensively on information technology systems, networks, and services, including internet sites, data hosting and processing facilities, and tools, to assist in conducting our business. A significant breakdown, invasion, corruption, destruction, or interruption of critical information technology systems or infrastructure could negatively impact operations. The ever-increasing use and evolution of technology, including cloud-based computing, creates opportunities for the unintentional dissemination or intentional destruction or modification of confidential information stored in our, or our third-party providers' systems. We could also experience a business interruption, theft of confidential information, or reputational damage from industrial espionage attacks, malware, or other cyber-attacks, which may compromise our system infrastructure or lead to data leakage. The COVID-19 pandemic has led to an increase in cybersecurity incidents across the industry, predominantly ransomware and social engineering attacks. We have invested in industry-appropriate protections and monitoring practices of our data and IT to reduce these risks and continue to monitor our systems on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats. We have been the target of cyber-attacks and expect them to continue as cybersecurity threats have been rapidly evolving in sophistication and becoming more prevalent in the industry. While we maintain cyber insurance, this insurance may not be sufficient to cover the financial, legal, business, or reputational losses that may result from an interruption or breach of our systems. We depend on several key products for most of our revenues, cash flows, and earnings, and a reduction in revenue from any of these products could adversely impact our earnings and cash flows. Our strategy is focused on delivering innovative, transformational medicines to patients in a focused set of disease areas, and we continue to advance the next wave of innovative medicines by investing significantly in our oncology, hematology, immunology, and cardiovascular portfolios. The evolution in our operating model, which focuses on maintaining a disciplined approach in marketing, selling, and administrative expenses, will enable us to deliver the necessary strategic, financial, and operational flexibility to invest in the highest priority opportunities within our portfolio. We have achieved at least $3.0 billion in annual synergies related to the Celgene acquisition plan, which resulted in streamlining the company's pricing and information technology infrastructure. Our principal strategy is to combine the resources, scale, and capability of a large pharmaceutical company with the speed, agility, and focus on innovation typically found in the biotech industry. The integration of technology capabilities is essential for maintaining operational efficiency and supporting business innovation. We continue to evaluate our capital structure to ensure financial risks, adequate liquidity access, and lower cost of capital are efficiently managed, which may lead to the issuance of additional debt securities or the repurchase of debt securities prior to maturity. Our critical accounting policies significantly affect our financial condition and results of operations, and we rely on various methods to estimate third-party demand information, which is subject to inherent limitations. The preparation of financial statements requires the use of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses.