We rely on technology in virtually all aspects of our business. Certain of our information systems have been subject to computer viruses, malicious codes, unauthorized access, phishing efforts, denial-of-service attacks, and other cyber-attacks. A significant disruption or failure of our technology systems could result in service interruptions, safety failures, security events, regulatory compliance failures, and an inability to protect information and assets against unauthorized users. If we are unable to acquire, develop, implement, adopt, or protect rights around new technology, we may suffer a competitive disadvantage. The ability to protect information and assets against unauthorized users is critical for maintaining operational efficiency and organizational effectiveness. Our operating businesses face intense competition, and technological changes may erode or prevent the strengthening of competitive advantages. We need qualified and competent management to direct day-to-day business activities of our operating subsidiaries and to manage changes in future business operations due to changing business or regulatory environments. Our decentralized business model requires qualified personnel to execute business plans and serve customers, suppliers, and other stakeholders. Our management views our insurance businesses as possessing two distinct activities - underwriting and investing. Underwriting decisions are the responsibility of the unit managers, while investing decisions are the responsibility of our chairman and CEO. We evaluate performance of underwriting operations without any allocation of investment income or investment gains and losses. We consider investment income as an integral component of our aggregate insurance operating results. The timing and magnitude of catastrophe losses can produce significant volatility in our periodic underwriting results. We strive to produce pre-tax underwriting earnings over the long term in all business categories. Our insurance and reinsurance businesses are geico, berkshire hathaway primary group, and berkshire hathaway reinsurance group. Our insurance businesses possess distinct underwriting and investing activities, and we evaluate performance without allocating investment income or gains and losses. Our insurance operations generated pre-tax underwriting losses, and the cost of float was nominal. We maintain significant liquidity and a very strong capital base, and our consolidated balance sheet reflects substantial amounts of assets and liabilities whose fair values are subject to market risks. Our significant market risks are primarily associated with equity prices, interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, and commodity prices. We attempt to manage these risks through the pricing of our products and services to customers. The fair values of our fixed maturity investments, loans, and finance receivables will fluctuate in response to changes in market interest rates. Our consolidated borrowings at December 31, 2022, were $122.7 billion, and we anticipate that these payments will be funded by operating cash flows. Our insurance businesses are subject to regulation in the jurisdictions in which we operate, and changes in regulations may adversely impact our results of operations and restrict our ability to allocate capital. We are dependent on a few key people for our major investment and capital allocation decisions, and if their services were to become unavailable, there could be a material adverse effect on our operations.