The success of our business depends on our ability to develop, produce and market quality products that meet our customers' needs. We rely upon information technology systems and networks, some of which are managed by third parties, in connection with a variety of business activities. Operating these information technology systems and networks and processing and maintaining this data in a secure manner is critical to our business operations and strategy. Information technology security threats, from user error to cybersecurity attacks designed to gain unauthorized access to our systems, networks and data, are increasing in frequency and sophistication. Cybersecurity attacks pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data. The occurrence of a major earthquake, fire, flood, tsunami or other weather event, power loss, telecommunications failure, software or hardware malfunctions, pandemics, cyber-attacks, war, terrorist attacks or other catastrophic events could adversely affect our ability to conduct normal business operations and our operating results or cash flows. We have experienced cybersecurity threats and vulnerabilities in our systems and those of our third-party providers, and we have experienced viruses and attacks targeting our information technology systems and networks. Such prior events have not had a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity; however, the potential consequences of a future material cybersecurity attack include reputational damage, litigation with third parties, government enforcement actions, penalties, disruption to systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information, corruption of data, and increased cybersecurity protection and remediation costs, which could adversely affect our competitiveness, results of operations and financial condition. We continue to monitor a variety of external factors around the world, such as supply chain disruptions, inflationary cost and labor pressures. Areas of particular focus include certain components, transportation and raw materials. We have developed contingency plans to minimize supply chain challenges that may impact our ability to meet increasing customer demand. Our products are an integral component of infrastructure development, and as these activities decrease, demand for our products and services may be significantly impacted. We operate in a highly competitive environment, which could adversely affect our sales and pricing. We compete on the basis of a variety of factors, including product performance, customer service, quality and price. The rates of infrastructure spending, commercial construction and housing starts also play a significant role in our results. Our business relies on continued global demand for our brands and products. To achieve business goals, we must develop and sell products that appeal to our dealers, OEMs and end-user customers. We expect to continue to invest in strategic initiatives such as services growth and technology, including digital, electrification and autonomy. Our strategic decisions and investments are aligned with our focus on operational efficiency, resource allocation, and enhancing our information technology capabilities to support business needs and improve performance outcomes. The integration of technology capabilities into our business processes is essential for maintaining competitive advantage and responding effectively to market dynamics.