Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those related to the timing of revenue recognition, particularly for our emulation and prototyping hardware and IP products. Historical results of operations should not be viewed as reliable indicators of our future performance, as various factors affect our operating results, including the mix of products and services sold and the timing of revenue recognition. The hardware and IP markets are highly competitive, and our customers may choose to purchase a competitor's hardware or IP product based on cost, performance, or other factors, potentially resulting in lower revenue. Our business strategy involves investing in and acquiring complementary businesses, joint ventures, services, technologies, and intellectual property rights, which may not yield the expected business or financial benefits. We continue to evaluate opportunities and expect to make investments and acquisitions in the future, which involve numerous risks and could create unforeseen operating difficulties. Our ability to acquire other businesses or technologies, make strategic investments, or integrate acquired businesses effectively may be impaired by trade tensions and increased global scrutiny of foreign investments. The industries we serve are characterized by constant and rapid technological change, and our failure to respond quickly to technological developments or customers' increasing technological requirements could make our products uncompetitive and obsolete. Our strategy is designed to increase our business among electronic systems companies, which are developing their own integrated circuits (ICs) and other electronic subsystems. We must provide frequent and relevant updates to our software products to offer substantial benefits to customers throughout the license periods due to rapid changes in their industries. Our business model provides some resilience against macroeconomic factors, but we continuously monitor the direct and indirect impacts of these circumstances on our business and financial results. We have invested and expect to continue to invest in research and development efforts for new and existing products and technologies in response to our customers' increasing technological requirements. Such investments may involve significant time, risks, and uncertainties, including the risk that the expenses associated with these investments may affect our margins and operating results. Our operating results and revenue could be adversely affected by customer payment delays, customer bankruptcies, and defaults or modifications of licenses. The competition in our industries is substantial, requiring us to identify and develop or acquire innovative and cost-competitive products, integrate them into platforms, and market them in a timely manner. We depend on a single supplier or a limited number of suppliers for certain hardware components, making us vulnerable to supply disruption and price fluctuation. Our reliance on these suppliers has resulted in product delivery delays and reduced control over contractual terms and quality. Our future effective tax rates may be materially impacted by tax amounts associated with our foreign earnings at rates different from the United States federal statutory rate, research credits, and changes in tax law. We are subject to evolving corporate governance and public disclosure expectations and regulations that impact compliance costs and risks of noncompliance. Our future business and financial results, including demand for our products and services, are subject to considerable uncertainties that could impact our stock price.