We operate in a very competitive business environment, which affects our ability to attract and retain customers and can adversely affect our business, operations, and financial results. A failure to effectively anticipate or adapt to new technologies and changes in customer expectations and behavior could significantly adversely affect our competitive position. Our success is, to a large extent, dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt, upgrade, and exploit new and existing technologies to address consumers' changing demands and distinguish our services from those of our competitors. The ability of some of our competitors to introduce new technologies, products, and services more quickly than we do may adversely affect our competitive position. Furthermore, advances in technology, decreases in the cost of existing technologies, or changes in competitors' product and service offerings may require us to make additional research and development expenditures or to offer certain products and services at no additional charge or at a lower price. Our operational results have depended, and our future results will depend, upon the retention and continued performance of our management team. We continue to invest in our ability to provide a differentiated internet connectivity experience for our mobile and fixed internet customers. Our advanced wifi, a managed wifi service that provides customers an optimized home network, is available to nearly all internet customers. We also continue to work towards the construction of our own 5G mobile data-only network leveraging our CBRS PALS. We believe spectrum-branded mobile services will drive higher sales of our core products, create longer customer lives, and increase profitability and cash flow over time. Our programming costs have historically increased in excess of customary inflationary and cost-of-living type increases. We expect contractual programming rates per service subscriber to continue to increase as a result of annual increases pursuant to our programming contracts and contract renewals with programmers. Our ability to provide some services and complete our network evolution and rural construction initiatives might be materially adversely affected if any of our third-party service providers experience or engage in breaches or fail to perform their obligations in a timely manner. Network and information systems technologies are critical to our operating activities, both for our internal uses and supplying services to our customers. Any failure to maintain and expand our upgraded systems and provide advanced services in a timely manner, or to anticipate the demands of the marketplace, could materially adversely affect our ability to attract and retain customers. We are exposed to risks associated with the economic conditions of our current and potential customers, vendors, and third parties. Our business may be adversely affected if we cannot continue to license or enforce the intellectual property rights on which our business depends. We rely on patent, copyright, trademark, and trade secret laws and licenses and other agreements with our employees, customers, suppliers, and other parties to establish and maintain our intellectual property rights in technology and the products and services used in our operations. The existence of only a limited number of vendors of key technologies can lead to less product innovation and higher costs. We process, store, and transmit large amounts of data, including the personal information of our customers. Ongoing increases in the potential for misuse of personal information and the volume of legislation regarding the protection, privacy, and security of personal information have resulted in increases to our information-related risks. Any significant loss of customers or revenue could adversely affect our growth, financial condition, and results of operations.