Our business depends on our ability to effectively invest in, implement improvements to and properly maintain the uninterrupted operation, availability and data integrity of our information technology and other business systems. We must continue to invest in and maintain long-term solutions that will enable us to anticipate customer needs and expectations, enhance the customer experience, act as a differentiator in the market and protect against cybersecurity risks and threats or other events that could disrupt our information technology systems. Our information technology strategy and execution are critical to our continued success. Increasing regulatory and legislative changes will place additional demands on our infrastructure that could have a direct impact on resources available for other projects tied to our strategic initiatives. Our success is dependent, in large part, on maintaining the effectiveness of existing technology systems and continuing to deliver and enhance technology systems that support our business processes in a cost-efficient and resource-efficient manner. We face significant risks related to information technology disruptions, including cyberattacks or other privacy or data security incidents. Our business is highly dependent upon our ability to perform necessary business functions in an efficient and uninterrupted fashion, including through unavailability or cyberattack of our information technology systems or those of third parties. We have dedicated significant resources to implement security technologies, processes and procedures to protect consumer identity and provide employee awareness training around phishing, malware and other cyber risks; however, there are no assurances that such measures will be effective against all types of security incidents or breaches. Our information technology systems interface with and depend on third-party systems, and we could experience service denials if demand for such service exceeds capacity or a third-party system fails or experiences an interruption. Our ability to develop and maintain satisfactory relationships with health care payers, physicians, hospitals and other health service providers and with producers and consultants is key to our strategic focus to transition from volume-based fee-for-service arrangements to a value-based health care system. Our information technology capabilities have been evolving to more comprehensively encompass the coordination of our assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. We must also develop new systems to meet current market standards and keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving industry and regulatory standards and customer needs. Failure to do so may present compliance challenges and impede our ability to deliver services in a competitive manner. Our information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions—is critical. Our IT capability, broadly defined as the IT function’s competence to effectively support business needs, has become a key in transforming our firm into a competitive force. We must effectively collaborate across our operations, integrate our acquired businesses, actively work to ensure consistency throughout the organization and promote a global mindset along with a focus on individual customers and clients.