Our businesses operate in highly competitive and dynamic industries, and our results of operations could be adversely affected if we do not compete effectively. We must compete to obtain talent, popular content, and other resources required to successfully operate our businesses. This competition has intensified as direct-to-consumer streaming and other over-the-top service providers develop high-quality programming and acquire live sports programming rights to attract viewers. The ability of our businesses to compete effectively also depends on our perceived image and reputation among our various constituencies, including our customers, consumers, advertisers, business partners, employees, investors, and government authorities. Our success is, to a large extent, dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt, and leverage new and existing technologies, and our competitors' use of certain types of technology and equipment may provide them with a competitive advantage. New technologies can materially impact our businesses in a number of ways, including affecting the demand for our products, the distribution methods of our products and content to our customers, and the ways in which our customers can purchase and view our content. Our businesses depend on using and protecting certain intellectual property rights and on not infringing the intellectual property rights of others. We rely on our intellectual property, such as patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets, as well as licenses and other agreements with our vendors and other third parties, to use various technologies, conduct our business operations, and sell our products and services. Our businesses depend on keeping pace with technological developments. The occurrence of both intentional and unintentional incidents can cause a variety of potential adverse business impacts, including degradation or disruption of our network, products and services, excessive call volume to call centers, and the compromise of confidential or technical business information. Cyber threats and attacks are constantly evolving and are growing in sophistication and frequency, which increases the difficulty of detecting and successfully defending against them. Our businesses generate significant cash flows from operating activities, and we believe that we will be able to continue to meet our current and long-term liquidity and capital requirements, including fixed charges, through our cash flows from operating activities. We expect to continue to use a substantial portion of our cash flows from operating activities in repaying our debt obligations, funding our capital expenditures, and investing in business opportunities. We expect our capital expenditures for 2023 will be focused on increased investment in scalable infrastructure as we increase capacity and execute our plans to upgrade our network to deliver multigigabit speeds. Our ability to effectively anticipate or adapt to emerging competitors or changes in consumer behavior, including among younger consumers, and shifting business models could have an adverse effect on our competitive position, businesses, and results of operations. The increase in direct-to-consumer streaming and other over-the-top service providers, as well as in gaming and virtual reality products and services, has significantly increased the number of entertainment choices available to consumers, which has intensified audience fragmentation and disaggregated the way that content traditionally has been distributed and viewed by consumers. We have invested, and will continue to invest, substantial amounts in our content, including in the production of original content for our platforms, and we expect to continue to incur significant costs related to additional content and marketing as we invest in our platforms and attract new customers.