Our business strategy focuses on maximizing futures and options growth globally, diversifying our business and revenues, and delivering unparalleled customer efficiencies and operational excellence, including through our partnership with Google Cloud. The success of our markets depends on our ability to complete development of, successfully implement and maintain the electronic trading and clearing systems that have the functionality, performance, availability and resilience, capacity, security and speed required by our customers. We must continue to enhance our electronic trading platforms and other technology offerings to remain competitive. Our technology, our customers, our people and those of our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to cyber-security threats, which could result in wrongful use of our data or our customers' data or cause interruptions in our operations that cause us to lose customers and trading volume and result in substantial liabilities. We regard the secure storage and transmission of data and the ability to continuously transact and clear on our electronic trading platforms as critical elements of our operations and our operational resiliency. Our technology infrastructure is heavily reliant on the capacity, reliability and security of our information technology and communications and other business systems and software supporting our operations. We are subject to risks, expenses and uncertainties encountered in the rapidly evolving market for electronic transaction services, including our failure or inability to provide reliable and cost-effective services to our customers, develop the required functionality to support electronic trading, and respond to technological developments or service offerings by competitors. Our strategic initiatives are designed to adapt our trading technology and clearing services to meet the needs of our customers. We have experienced system errors and failures that have resulted in some customers being unable to connect to our electronic trading platforms and technology offerings. Such errors may result in CME Group being liable or in our voluntary assumption of financial liability. We cannot assure that if we experience system errors or failures in the future that they will not have a material adverse impact on our business. Our role in the global marketplace places us at greater risk than other public companies for a cyber attack and other cyber-security risks. We maintain risk management, compliance and monitoring policies, procedures and programs that are designed to prevent, detect, deter, monitor and manage our risks, including enterprise risk, compliance and internal audit programs, but such policies, procedures and programs may not be fully effective in their operation. The competitive environment we face includes competition from other futures, securities and securities option exchanges; OTC markets; clearing organizations; consortia formed by our members and large industry participants; swap execution facilities; alternative trade execution facilities; technology firms, including market data distributors and electronic trading system developers; and others. Our competitors may respond more quickly to competitive pressures and opportunities, develop products that are preferred by our customers, and utilize better, more user-friendly or more reliable technology. The success of our business depends on our ability to maintain and increase trading volume in our markets. We must maintain and expand our product offerings, our customer base and our trade execution facilities, our pre-and post-trade services and clearing facilities. Our technology capabilities are critical in supporting our operational efficiency and business innovation. We continue to monitor our capital needs and may revise our forecasted expenditures as necessary in the future, particularly in relation to technology infrastructure and enhancements.