Our ability to manage risk or influence outcomes in joint ventures may be constrained. We conduct many of our operations through joint ventures in which another joint venture partner is operator or we may not have majority control. In these cases, the economic, business, or legal interests or goals of the operator or the voting majority may be inconsistent with ours, and we may not be able to influence the decision-making or outcomes to align with our interests or goals. Our operations present hazards and risks that require significant and continuous oversight. The scope and nature of our operations present a variety of significant hazards and risks, including operational hazards and risks such as explosions, fires, product spills, severe weather, geological events, global health crises, such as epidemics and pandemics, labor disputes, geopolitical tensions, armed hostilities, terrorist or piracy attacks, sabotage, civil unrest, or cyberattacks. Our business, like others within the oil and gas industry, is faced with growing cybersecurity threats as we increasingly rely on digital technologies across our business, some of which are managed by third-party service providers on whom we rely to help us collect, host, or process information. Cybersecurity threats could affect the security of our data and proprietary information housed internally and on third-party IT systems, including the cloud. A successful attack may result in gaining unauthorized access to, or control of, and disclosure of sensitive information about our operations and our employees and/or partners; attempts to corrupt, sabotage, or render our data or systems unusable; theft or manipulation of our proprietary business information, whether from insiders or external threat actors; and cyberextortion for the return of data. The impact to our data could subject our company to potential reputational damage, legal liability, regulatory fines and penalties, and increased compliance costs. In addition, cybersecurity threats could also disrupt our oil and gas operations both domestically and abroad given that computers aid to control production, our equipment, and monitor our distribution systems globally and are necessary to deliver our production to market. We maintain an extensive network of technical security procedures and controls, training, and policy enforcement mechanisms to monitor and mitigate security threats and to increase security for our information, facilities, and infrastructure. Despite our ongoing investments in security resources, talent, and business practices, we are unable to assure that any security measures, or measures implemented by third parties, will be completely effective. If our systems and infrastructure were to be breached, damaged, or disrupted, we could be subject to serious negative consequences, including disruption of our operations, damage to our reputation, a loss of employee and/or third-party trust, reimbursement or other costs, increased compliance costs, litigation exposure, and legal liability or regulatory fines, penalties, or intervention. Our ability to execute our capital return program is subject to certain considerations, including cash available for distribution, our results of operations and anticipated future results of operations, and our financial condition, especially in relation to the anticipated future capital needs of our properties. We expect to continue to pay a quarterly ordinary dividend to our stockholders and anticipate also paying a quarterly variable return of cash to our shareholders. The success of our low-carbon strategy will, in part, be dependent upon the cooperation of agencies, the support of stakeholders, the success of our investments, and our ability to apply our existing strengths and expertise. Our technologies, systems, and networks may be subject to cybersecurity threats.