Our businesses rely on sophisticated information systems to obtain, rapidly process, analyze, and manage data to facilitate the purchase and distribution of thousands of inventory items from numerous distribution centers; to receive, process, and ship orders on a timely basis; to account for other product and service transactions with customers; to manage the accurate billing and collections for thousands of customers; and to process payments to suppliers. We continue to make substantial investments in data centers and information systems, including, but not limited to, those relating to our acquisition of Alliance Healthcare. To the extent our information systems are not successfully implemented or fail, or to the extent there are data center interruptions or outages, our business and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. Information security risks have generally increased in recent years because of the proliferation of cloud-based infrastructure and other services, new technologies, and the increased sophistication and activities of perpetrators of cyber-attacks. Security incidents such as ransomware attacks are becoming increasingly prevalent and severe, as well as increasingly difficult to detect. These risks have increased with the growth of our business, including as we integrate the information systems of acquired businesses, such as Alliance Healthcare, into our enterprise. In addition, security incidents may require that we expend substantial additional resources related to the security of information systems and disrupt our businesses. We, and our third-party service providers, may experience cyberattacks aimed at disrupting services. A failure, interruption, or breach of our operational or information security systems, or those of our third-party service providers, as a result of cyber-attacks or information security breaches could disrupt our business, result in the disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information or personal data, damage our reputation, cause loss of customers or revenue, increase our costs, result in litigation and/or regulatory action, and/or cause other losses, any of which might have a materially adverse impact on our business operations and our financial position or results of operations. As a result, cybersecurity and the continued development and enhancement of the controls and processes designed to protect our systems, computers, software, data, and networks from attack, damage, or unauthorized access remain a priority for us. We believe that we have robust information security procedures, controls, and other safeguards in place, but as cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend additional resources to continue to enhance our information security measures and/or to investigate and remediate information security vulnerabilities. Our management of the impact of COVID-19 has and will continue to require significant investment of time from our management and employees, as well as resources across our global enterprise. This may cause us to divert or delay the application of our resources toward new initiatives or investments, which may adversely impact our future results of operations. Significant capital expenditures in fiscal 2022 included investments in various technology initiatives, including technology initiatives at Alliance Healthcare. In addition to capital expenditures, net cash used in investing activities in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022 included cash to acquire companies, including cash paid to settle accrued consideration related to the Alliance Healthcare acquisition, and was offset in part by proceeds from the sale of non-core businesses. We have a $2.4 billion multi-currency senior unsecured revolving credit facility, which was scheduled to expire in November 2026, with a syndicate of lenders. The multi-currency revolving credit facility contains covenants, including compliance with a financial leverage ratio test, as well as others that impose limitations on, among other things, indebtedness of subsidiaries and asset sales, with which we were compliant as of September 30, 2022.