We depend on a limited number of major vehicle sellers for a substantial portion of our revenues, and the loss of one or more of these major sellers could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations and financial position. Our expansion into markets outside the U.S. exposes us to risks arising from operating in international markets, and any failure to successfully integrate businesses acquired or operational capabilities established outside the U.S. could have an adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. We plan to ultimately deploy our proprietary auction technologies at all of our foreign operations, and we cannot predict whether this deployment will be successful or will result in increases in the revenues or operating efficiencies of any acquired companies relative to their historic operating performance. Integration of our respective operations, including information technology and financial and administrative functions, may not proceed as anticipated and could result in unanticipated costs or expenses such as capital expenditures that could have an adverse effect on our future operating results. We have incurred substantial expenses establishing new yards and operations, acquiring buyers and sellers, and implementing shared services capabilities in international markets. Our operations are subject to international, federal, provincial, state, and local laws and regulations regarding the protection of the environment in the countries in which we have storage facilities. We face significant competition for the supply of salvage and other vehicles and for the buyers of those vehicles, and we believe our principal competitors include other auction and vehicle remarketing service companies with whom we compete directly in obtaining vehicles from insurance companies and other sellers. Our ability to manage growth depends not only on our ability to successfully integrate new facilities but also on our ability to hire, train, and manage additional qualified personnel; establish new relationships or expand existing relationships with vehicle sellers; identify and acquire or lease suitable premises on competitive terms; and secure adequate capital. Our operations rely on the secure processing, transmission, and storage of confidential, proprietary, and other information in our computer systems and networks. Disruptions to our information technology systems, including failure to prevent outages, maintain security, and prevent unauthorized access to our information technology systems and other confidential information, could disrupt our business and materially and adversely affect our reputation, consolidated results of operations, and financial condition. We have developed a proprietary enterprise operating system to address our international expansion needs, and the ongoing design, development, and implementation of our enterprise operating systems carries certain risks, including the risk of significant design or deployment errors causing disruptions, delays, or deficiencies. Our success depends on maintaining the integrity of our systems and infrastructure, and any failure to maintain the integrity of our systems and infrastructure may result in loss of customers due to slow delivery times, unreliable service levels, or insufficient capacity. We are regularly evaluating and implementing new technologies and processes to manage risks relating to cyber-attacks and system and network disruptions. Rapid technological changes may render our technology obsolete or decrease the competitiveness of our services, and our future success will depend on our ability to enhance our existing services, develop, access, acquire, and license new services and technologies that address the increasingly sophisticated and varied needs of our current and prospective customers, and respond to technological advances and emerging industry standards and practices in a cost-effective and timely basis.