The company relies on the security, stability and availability of its technology systems to operate its business. The security, stability and availability of the company's and its key third-party vendors' technology systems are critical to its ability to operate safely and effectively and to compete within the transportation industry. A successful data breach, cyber-attack, or the occurrence of any similar incident that impacts the company's or its key third-party vendors' information technology systems could result in a service interruption, train accident, misappropriation of confidential or proprietary information, process failure, or other operational difficulties. A disruption or compromise of the company's information technology systems, even for short periods of time, and any resulting theft or compromise of company confidential or proprietary information could adversely affect the company's business or reputation, create significant legal, regulatory or financial exposure and have a material adverse impact on the company's business, financial condition or operations. The company, its third-party vendors and other companies in the rail and transportation industries have been subject to, and are likely to continue to be the target of, data breaches, cyber-attacks and other similar incidents. These incidents may include malware, ransomware, distributed denial of service attacks, social engineering, phishing, theft, malfeasance or improper access by employees or third-party vendors, human error, fraud, or other modes of attack or disruption. As cybersecurity threats continue to evolve, the company may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance its protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities, data breaches, cyber-attacks or other similar incidents. The company relies on information technology in all aspects of its business, and any failure to acquire, develop or implement new technology may result in a competitive disadvantage within the rail industry. The company is committed to continuous improvement in safety and service performance through training, innovation and investment. Technological innovations that can detect and avoid many types of human factor incidents are designed to serve as an additional layer of protection for the company's employees. Continued capital investment in the company's assets, including track, bridges, signals, equipment and detection technology also supports safety performance. The company has seen an improvement in service metrics and expects that trend to continue, indicating a focus on operational efficiency and technology deployment. The company is continually evaluating market and regulatory conditions that could affect its ability to generate sufficient returns on capital investments, which may include investments in technology and infrastructure. The company intends to fund capital investments primarily through cash generated from operations, with a commitment to maintaining and improving its existing infrastructure and positioning itself for long-term, profitable growth through optimizing network and terminal capacity. The company may revise its future estimates for capital spending as a result of changes in business conditions, tax legislation or the enactment of new laws or regulations, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's operations and financial performance in the future. The company recognizes the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities to further organizational goals and enhance its competitive position in the market.