The company has experienced and continues to experience information security incidents. Data governance failures or the failure or disruption of our information technology or infrastructure can adversely affect our reputation, businesses and prospects. Our use and disclosure of members', customers' and other constituents' sensitive information is subject to complex regulations. We rely heavily on our computer systems to manage our ordering, pricing, point-of-sale, pharmacy fulfillment, inventory replenishment, claims processing, customer loyalty and subscription programs, finance, human resources, and other processes. We depend in part on the secure transmission of confidential information over public networks. Our businesses depend on our customers', members' and other constituents' willingness to entrust us with their health-related and other sensitive personal information. Events that adversely affect that trust, including inadequate disclosure to our members or customers of our uses of their information, failing to keep our information technology systems secure from significant attack, theft, damage, loss or unauthorized disclosure or access, could adversely affect our brand and reputation, membership and operating results. The company's information systems are critical to the operation of our businesses. We collect, process, maintain, retain, evaluate, utilize and distribute large amounts of personally identifiable, personal health, and financial information and other confidential and sensitive data about our customers, employees, members and other constituents in the ordinary course of our businesses. We must regularly reassess the size, capability and location of our global infrastructure and make appropriate changes, and must have effective change management processes and internal controls in place to address changes in our businesses and operations. Our information systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, facility damage, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches, cyber attacks, vandalism, catastrophic events and human error. If our information systems are damaged, fail to work properly or otherwise become unavailable, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them, and may experience reputational damage, loss of critical information, customer disruption and interruptions or delays in our ability to perform essential functions and implement new and innovative services. We are subject to payment-related risks that could increase our operating costs, expose us to fraud or theft, subject us to potential liability and disrupt our business operations. Our information systems are critical to the operation of our businesses. We collect, process, maintain, retain, evaluate, utilize and distribute large amounts of personally identifiable, personal health, and financial information and other confidential and sensitive data about our customers, employees, members and other constituents in the ordinary course of our businesses. Our technology and process improvement projects, including our transformation and enterprise modernization programs, frequently are long-term in nature and may take longer to complete and cost more than we expect and may not deliver the benefits we project once they are complete. We must re-engineer and reduce the number of these systems to meet changing consumer and vendor preferences and needs, improve our productivity and reduce our operating expenses. If we fail to achieve these objectives, our ability to profitably grow our business and/or our operating results may be adversely affected.