The companies' businesses are influenced by many factors that are difficult to predict, involving uncertainties that may materially affect actual results and are often beyond their control. The companies are subject to complex governmental regulation, including tax regulation, that could adversely affect their results of operations. The companies' operations are subject to operational hazards, equipment failures, supply chain disruptions, and personnel issues which could negatively affect the companies. The companies' businesses are dependent upon sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure, the failure of which could prevent them from accomplishing critical business functions. The companies own assets deemed as critical infrastructure, the operation of which is dependent on information technology systems. The computer systems that run the companies' facilities are not completely isolated from external networks, and hostile cyber intrusions could severely impair the companies' operations, lead to the disclosure of confidential information, and damage the reputation of the companies. The companies' operations could be adversely affected and their physical plant placed at greater risk of damage should changes in global climate produce unusual variations in temperature and weather patterns. The companies are also subject to risks associated with the disposal and storage of coal ash, which could impact their operational efficiency. The companies' ability to invest the significant financial resources necessary for projects is dependent on access to financial markets in a timely and cost-effective manner. The development and construction of large-scale infrastructure projects involve significant execution risk, and the companies are dependent on their contractors for the successful and timely completion of these projects. The companies' ability to attract and retain key executive officers and an appropriately qualified workforce is critical for their operations, particularly in areas such as information technology and cybersecurity. The companies' financial performance and condition can be affected by changes in the weather, including the effects of global climate change, which can stress systems and disrupt operations. The companies are also exposed to credit risks of their counterparties and the risk that one or more counterparties may fail or delay the performance of their contractual obligations. The companies' operations and construction activities are subject to a number of environmental laws and regulations which impose significant compliance costs. The companies must also comply with environmental legislation and associated regulations, which could have a material impact on their financial condition and results of operations. The companies' ability to realize commitments related to achieving net zero emissions by 2050 will require technological advancements and significant financing. The companies are subject to various legal proceedings and governmental investigations that could adversely affect their financial condition or results of operation. The companies' operations are subject to extensive federal, state, and local laws and regulations, which require numerous permits, approvals, and certificates from various governmental agencies. The companies' financial results can be adversely affected by various factors driving supply and demand for electricity and gas and related services, including technological advances and regulatory changes. The companies' business strategy is dependent on their ability to recruit, retain, and motivate employees, particularly in technical areas essential for the operation of their infrastructure and information technology systems.