John Deere relies upon information technology networks and systems, some of which are managed by third parties, to process, transmit, and store electronic information and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities, including supply chain, manufacturing, distribution, invoicing, and collection of payments from dealers and other purchasers of John Deere equipment and from customers of the financial services segment. The secure operation of these information technology networks and the processing and maintenance of this information is critical to John Deere's business operations and strategy. Security breaches and other disruptions to John Deere's information technology infrastructure could interfere with operations and compromise the information of John Deere as well as its customers, suppliers, and dealers, exposing the company to liability that could cause its business and reputation to suffer. Despite security measures, John Deere's information technology networks and infrastructure have been and may be vulnerable to intrusion, damage, disruptions, or shutdowns due to attacks by cyber criminals, employee, supplier, or dealer error or malfeasance, supply chain compromise, disruptions during the process of upgrading or replacing computer software or hardware, power outages, computer viruses, ransomware or other malware, telecommunication or utility failures, terrorist acts, natural disasters, or other events. The occurrence of any significant event could compromise John Deere's networks, and the information stored there could be accessed, obtained, publicly disclosed, lost, altered, misused, or stolen. Any such access, disclosure, alteration, misuse, or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, government investigations, liability or regulatory penalties, disruption to operations, and damage to reputation, which could adversely affect business, results of operations, and financial condition. John Deere's ability to adapt in highly competitive markets could affect its business, results of operations, and financial condition. John Deere operates in a variety of highly competitive global and regional markets, competing on the basis of product performance, innovation and quality, distribution, customer service, and price. Aggressive pricing or other strategies pursued by competitors, unanticipated product or manufacturing delays, or John Deere's failure to price its products competitively could adversely affect its business. The dealer channel's ability to support and service precision technology solutions and emerging power solutions may affect customers' acceptance and adoption rates of these products. John Deere's approach to precision technology involves hardware and software, guidance, connectivity and digital solutions, automation and machine intelligence, and autonomy. To create and maintain a competitive differentiation through precision technology solutions, John Deere needs to successfully develop and introduce new precision technology solutions that improve profitability and sustainability for customers through the production systems. John Deere may make significant investments in research and development, connectivity solutions, data security for precision technology solutions, and employee training. These investments may not produce solutions that provide the desired results for customers' profitability or sustainability outcomes. If John Deere is not able to deliver precision technology solutions with differentiated features and functionality, customers may not adopt technology solutions, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's reputation and business. John Deere's financial services segment provides financing for a significant portion of sales worldwide, and negative economic conditions in the financial industry could materially impact operations and financial results. The financial services segment's liquidity and ongoing profitability depend largely on timely access to capital to meet future cash flow requirements and to fund operations and costs associated with engaging in diversified funding activities. John Deere's ability to understand its customers' specific preferences and requirements, and to develop, manufacture, and market products that meet customer demand, could significantly affect its business results.