Our digital banking and network operations rely heavily on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential or sensitive information about us, our customers, and third parties with whom we do business. We must effectively manage operational and reputational risks such as fraud and cybersecurity, while continuing to monitor and effectively respond to an external environment that may negatively impact the utilization or desirability of our products and services. The increasing focus on data security and privacy by policymakers at the federal and state levels remains critical as we enhance our digital banking products and services. We depend on third-party service providers for many aspects of the operation of our business, including software and systems development, which could negatively impact our ability to process customers' transactions in a secure, consistent, timely, and accurate manner. Our technologies, systems, networks, and software have been, and are likely to continue to be, the target of increasingly frequent cyber-attacks, which could result in unauthorized access, misuse, loss, unavailability, or destruction of data. Our risk management framework seeks to identify and mitigate risk and appropriately balance risk and return, relying on analytical and forecasting models to manage and inform decision-making related to customers and the measurement of risk. The effectiveness of our risk management practices depends on the quality and accuracy of the data loaded into the models, and if the security of our systems is compromised, we may be subject to significant financial exposure, liability, and damage to our reputation. We face substantial and increasingly intense competition in the payments industry, which impacts our revenue margins, transaction volume, and business strategies. Our ability to develop and implement innovative and efficient technology solutions is crucial to our objective of being the leading consumer bank and payments partner. The competitive landscape requires us to invest in initiatives to remain relevant, including the launch of new cards and features, online and mobile enhancements, and customer service improvements. However, there can be no assurance that any of the costs we incur or incentives we offer to attempt to acquire and maintain accounts and increase usage of our products will be effective. Our ongoing investments in infrastructure, necessary to maintain a competitive business and integrate newly-acquired businesses, increase our costs. The inability to manage our costs successfully could negatively affect our financial results. We must effectively empower, integrate, and deploy our management and operational resources while incorporating global and local business, regulatory, and consumer perspectives into our decisions and processes. Our business strategy is to increase the usage of the Discover credit card by our customers, which is dependent on customer satisfaction and may be adversely affected by factors outside of our control, including competitors' actions and legislative/regulatory changes. We continue to assess the potential impact of proposed regulations related to cybersecurity and data privacy on our business operations and strategies. The evolving regulatory environment may require us to invest more management time and resources in compliance efforts, impacting our ability to pursue certain innovations and business opportunities.