Information technology capabilities have been evolving in scope to more comprehensively encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. We use information technology and other computer resources to carry out important operational and marketing activities and to maintain our business records. These information technology systems are dependent upon global communications providers, web browsers, third-party software and data storage providers and other aspects of the internet infrastructure that have experienced security breaches, cyber-attacks, ransomware attacks, significant systems failures and service outages in the past. The use of remote work environments and virtual platforms may increase our risk of cyber-attack or data security breaches. A material breach in the security of our information technology systems or other data security controls could include the theft or release of sensitive information. The unintended or unauthorized disclosure of personal identifying and confidential information as a result of a security breach could lead to litigation or other proceedings against us by the affected individuals or business partners, or by regulators. We may also be required to incur significant costs to protect against damages caused by information technology failures, security breaches, and the failure to satisfy privacy and data protection laws and regulations in the future as legal requirements continue to increase. We provide employee awareness training about cybersecurity threats. We routinely utilize information technology security experts to assist us in our evaluations of the effectiveness of the security of our information technology systems, and we regularly enhance our security measures to protect our systems and data. However, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade systems change frequently and are increasing in sophistication, they often are not recognized until launched against a target. Our business could be adversely affected by information technology failures, data security breaches, and the failure to satisfy privacy and data protection laws and regulations. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic continues to affect the global economy, contributing to disruptions in our supply chain, which has resulted in shortages of certain building materials and tightness in the labor market. We are subject to extensive and complex regulations that affect land development and home construction, including zoning, density restrictions, building design, and building standards. These regulations often provide broad discretion to the administering governmental authorities as to the conditions we must meet prior to development or construction being approved. We are also subject to a significant number and variety of local, state, and federal laws and regulations concerning protection of health, safety, labor standards, and the environment. The impact of environmental laws varies depending upon the prior uses of the building site or adjoining properties and may be greater in areas with less supply where undeveloped land or desirable alternatives are less available. Our ability to manage and service our debt and comply with related debt covenants, restrictions, and limitations could adversely affect our financial condition or operating flexibility. The agreements governing certain of our and our subsidiaries' debt instruments contain financial covenants requiring the maintenance of a maximum allowable leverage ratio and a borrowing base restriction if our leverage ratio exceeds a certain level. A failure to comply with these financial covenants could allow the lending banks to terminate the availability of funds under the applicable revolving credit facility or cause any outstanding borrowings to become due and payable prior to maturity. We regularly assess our projected capital requirements to fund growth in our business, repay debt obligations, pay dividends, and support other general corporate and operational needs, and we regularly evaluate our opportunities to raise additional capital.