Our business depends upon providing customers with highly reliable services, including with respect to power supply, physical security, and maintenance of environmental conditions. Any failure of our physical or information technology or operational technology infrastructure or services could lead to significant costs and disruptions. We may be vulnerable to breaches or unauthorized access to our physical and information technology and operational technology infrastructure and systems. Security breaches, or disruption, of our or our customers' physical or information technology or operational technology infrastructure, networks, and related management systems and controls could result in unauthorized access to our facilities, a breach of our and our customers' networks and information technology infrastructure, and interruptions or malfunctions in our or our customers' operations. We have made, and continue to make, investments to update and modernize our information technology systems and expect such investments to continue in order to meet our business needs, including for ongoing improvements for our customer experience. Our information technology systems may require further modification as we grow and as our business needs change, which could prolong difficulties we experience with such transitions and integrations. We may not be able to adapt to changing technologies and customer requirements, and our data center infrastructure may become obsolete. The technology industry generally and specific industries in which certain of our customers operate are characterized by rapidly changing technology, customer requirements, and industry standards. New systems to deliver power to or eliminate heat in data centers or the development of new server technology that does not require the levels of critical load and heat removal that our facilities are designed to provide could make our data center infrastructure obsolete. Our power and cooling systems are difficult and expensive to upgrade, and we may not be able to efficiently upgrade or change these systems to meet new demands without incurring significant costs that we may not be able to pass on to our customers. Our dependence on third-party suppliers for power and network connectivity to our data centers exposes us to service failures and price increases, which could adversely affect our operating results and cash flow. We depend on significant customers, and many of our data centers are single-tenant properties or are currently occupied by single tenants. Our ability to attract, grow, and retain a diverse and balanced customer base, including key magnet customers, could harm our business and operating results. Our ability to attract customers to our data centers will depend on a variety of factors, including our product offerings, the presence of carriers, the overall mix of customers, the presence of key customers attracting business through ecosystems, the data center's operating reliability and security, and our ability to effectively market our product offerings. We may be unable to lease vacant or development space, renew leases, or re-lease space as leases expire, which could materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations. Our business and operations, and our customers, suppliers, and business partners may be adversely affected by epidemics, pandemics, or other outbreaks. We may not be able to manage our growth effectively or the increased strain on our management of our resources and systems could result in deficiencies in our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting. Our operations may also be affected if too many competing properties are built in any of these areas or supply otherwise increases or exceeds demand. We may face significant competition, which may adversely affect the occupancy and rental rates of our data centers.