Duke Energy's operations are dependent upon the proper functioning of its internal systems, including the information technology systems that support underlying business processes. Any significant failure or malfunction of such information technology systems may result in disruptions of operations. Duke Energy believes the digital transformation of its business is key to driving internal efficiencies as well as providing additional capabilities to customers. The company expects customers to continue to demand more sophisticated technology-driven solutions, necessitating enhancements or replacements of information technology systems in response. This involves significant development and implementation costs to keep pace with changing technologies and customer demand. Failure to successfully implement critical technology, or if it does not provide the anticipated benefits or meet customer demands, could materially adversely affect the business strategy as well as impact the results of operations, financial position, and cash flows of the Duke Energy registrants. 

Duke Energy's information technology systems are critical to cost-effective, reliable daily operations and the ability to effectively serve customers. The company is continuing to seek to renew the operating licenses of its reactors, which is central to its ability to meet carbon reduction objectives and customer expectations. The reliance on sophisticated digital information technology systems and network infrastructure is part of an interconnected regional grid, which increases the risk of cyberattacks and data security breaches. Cybersecurity risks have increased due to the proliferation of new technologies and the increased sophistication, magnitude, and frequency of cyberattacks. The company faces a heightened risk of cyberattack from foreign or domestic sources and has been subject to attempts to gain unauthorized access to information and/or information systems or to disrupt utility operations. 

Duke Energy's operations are also influenced by the expectations of customers, regulators, investors, and stakeholders, which are increasingly focused on the ability to meet rapidly changing demands for new and varied products, services, and offerings. The company continues to leverage new technology, digital tools, and data analytics across the business in response to a transforming landscape. The modernization of the electric grid, including smart meters and self-healing technologies, helps ensure the system is better prepared for severe weather, improves reliability and flexibility, and provides better information and services for customers. 

Duke Energy's strategic management practices include the evaluation of the impacts of inflation on the procurement of goods and services and efforts to minimize its effects through pricing strategies, productivity improvements, and cost reductions. The company is actively working to manage and maintain prices at lower levels in light of increased commodity prices, working with regulators to extend recovery periods in certain jurisdictions. Additionally, the company has created a specialized team to connect customers to energy assistance funding, demonstrating its commitment to addressing customer needs. 

The company's ability to effectively handle all facets of storm response efforts, including navigating ongoing macroeconomic challenges and supply chain constraints, is a testament to its extensive preparation and coordination. Duke Energy has received numerous emergency response awards, reflecting its operational capabilities and commitment to customer service.