We rely to a large extent upon information technology systems and infrastructure to operate our business. The size and complexity of our information technology systems and those of strategic vendors make them vulnerable to failure, malicious intrusion, and random attack. Acquisitions have resulted in further decentralization of systems and additional complexity in our systems infrastructure. Likewise, data security breaches by employees or others with permitted access to our systems or to the systems of strategic vendors pose a risk that sensitive data may be exposed to unauthorized persons or to the public. Geopolitical tensions or conflicts, such as Russia's invasion of Ukraine, may further heighten the risk of cybersecurity attacks. While we have invested in the protection of data and information technology, we have experienced immaterial cybersecurity attacks and incidents, and there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent failures, cybersecurity attacks, or breaches in our systems or in the systems of strategic vendors that could cause reputational damage, business disruption, or legal and regulatory costs; could result in third-party claims; could result in compromise or misappropriation of our intellectual property, trade secrets, or sensitive information; or could otherwise adversely affect our business. Certain of our customer offerings include digital components, such as remote monitoring of certain customer operations. A breach of those remote monitoring systems could expose customer data, giving rise to potential third-party claims and reputational damage. The COVID-19 pandemic and measures taken in response thereto have materially and adversely impacted, and we expect may continue to materially and adversely impact, our business and results of operations, and the full impact of the pandemic will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. We continue to execute key business initiatives, including restructurings and investments to develop business systems, as part of our ongoing efforts to improve our efficiency and returns. In particular, we are undertaking restructuring plans to simplify and automate processes and tasks, reduce complexity and management layers, consolidate facilities, and focus on key long-term growth areas by leveraging technology and structural improvements. Additionally, we are continuing implementation of our ERP system upgrades, which are expected to improve the efficiency of certain financial and related transactional processes. These upgrades involve complex business process design, and a failure of certain of these processes could result in business disruption. Our growth depends upon our ability to compete successfully with respect to value, innovation, and customer support. We have made significant investments in commercial digital product offerings, and our culture and expertise must continue to evolve to develop, support, and profitably deploy commercial digital offerings, which are becoming an increasingly important part of our business. We must also continue to identify, develop, and commercialize innovative, profitable, and high value-added products for niche applications and commercial digital applications. Our ability to compete depends in part on providing high quality and high value-added products, technology, and service. If we fail to introduce new technologies or commercialize our digital offerings on a timely and profitable basis, we may lose market share and our consolidated results of operations, financial position, or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. We are subject to information technology system failures, network disruptions, and breaches in data security, which could materially and adversely affect our business.