Our operations rely extensively on information technology systems, including internally developed software, data hosting platforms, real-time data acquisition systems, third-party software, cloud services, and other internally or externally hosted hardware and software platforms, to process and analyze all stages of our business operations, including exploration, drilling, completions, production, gathering and processing, transportation, pipelines, and other related activities. The reliance on technology has increased due to the increased use of personal devices, remote communications, and other work-from-home practices adopted in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. We have implemented and invested in controls, procedures, and protections designed to protect our systems, identify and remediate vulnerabilities, and monitor and mitigate the risk of data loss and other cybersecurity threats. However, such measures cannot entirely eliminate cybersecurity threats, and the controls we have implemented may prove to be ineffective. Our systems and networks may become the target of cybersecurity attacks, which could materially and adversely affect our business in various ways, including unauthorized access to sensitive information, data corruption, operational disruptions, and potential legal liabilities. The potential for cybersecurity threats has subjected our operations to increased risks that could have a material and adverse effect on our business. 

In addition, we face various risks related to our operations, including the inability of our customers and other contractual counterparties to satisfy their obligations, which may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. The availability, proximity, and capacity of, and costs associated with, appropriate gathering, processing, compression, storage, transportation, refining, and export facilities are also critical to our operations. We continue to evaluate potential crude oil and condensate, natural gas liquids, and natural gas exploration and development prospects and seek opportunities to add drilling inventory through leasehold acquisitions, farm-ins, exchanges, or tactical acquisitions. 

Our ability to successfully and economically develop, implement, and carry out our emissions and other ESG-related initiatives and achieve our related targets is subject to numerous factors and conditions, including evolving government regulation and the pace of changes in technology. We are exploring technology to capture and store carbon dioxide emissions, which includes a pilot carbon capture and storage project related to our operations. Our reliance on technology has increased due to the ongoing need for operational efficiencies and cost management in a volatile market environment. 

We have undertaken initiatives to increase our drilling, completion, and operating efficiencies, which include implementing enhanced techniques for completing wells and entering into agreements with service providers to secure costs and availability of services. However, there can be no assurance that such efforts will offset the impacts of any future inflationary pressures on our operating costs and capital expenditures. Our strategic focus remains on maximizing the rate of return on investment of capital by controlling operating and capital costs and maximizing reserve recoveries, which is integral to our business strategy.