Our business is subject to risks associated with the damage, failure, or interruption of our information technology systems, including due to cyber-based attacks and breaches. The operation of our business depends on our information technology systems, which are vulnerable to damage or interruption from various threats, including natural disasters, cyber-based attacks, and data corruption. We rely on our information technology systems to effectively manage sales and marketing data, accounting and financial functions, inventory management, product development tasks, clinical data, customer service, and technical support functions. Failure to protect our information technology infrastructure and our products against cyber-based attacks could materially disrupt our operations and adversely affect our business and operating results. Additionally, we rely upon technology suppliers, including cloud-based data management applications hosted by third-party service providers, whose security and information technology systems are subject to similar risks. Significant disruption in either our or our service providers' information technology or the security of our products could impede our operations or result in decreased sales, liability claims, or regulatory penalties. Our continued success depends, in large part, on our ability to hire and retain qualified people and execute on our talent management and succession plans. If we are unable to recruit and retain qualified talent or are otherwise unsuccessful in the execution of our management succession plans, our business and operations may be impaired or disrupted. We face substantial competition and compete with technologies of many types and companies of all sizes on the basis of cost-effectiveness, technological innovations, product performance, brand name recognition, breadth of product offerings, real or perceived product advantages, pricing, and availability. The success of many of our products depends upon certain key physicians and research institutions. If we cannot maintain strong working relationships with these physicians or their research institutions, the development, marketing, and successful use of our products could suffer. Our business is also impacted by the need for regulatory approvals, which require extensive clinical trials and procedures, and unfavorable or inconsistent clinical data could adversely affect our ability to obtain necessary approvals. We actively manage a portfolio of research and development products and regularly explore potential acquisitions of complementary businesses, technologies, services, or products, as well as potential strategic alliances. Our investments in research and development are critical to our ability to innovate and develop new and differentiated products in a timely manner. The medical technology industry is highly competitive and continues to evolve, and our success is measured both by the development of innovative products and the value we bring to our stakeholders. We are committed to developing new technologies and providing innovative patient care, and we are dedicated to generating robust clinical, economic, and quality-of-life evidence increasingly expected by patients, clinicians, and payors. Our information technology systems are integral to our operational efficiency and organizational effectiveness, and any failure in these systems could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.