The nature of our business activities subjects us to certain hazards and risks, including cybersecurity risks, which could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption, and financial loss. We rely extensively on information technology systems, including internally developed software, data hosting platforms, real-time data acquisition systems, and third-party software, to process and analyze all stages of our business operations, including exploration, drilling, completions, production, transportation, and communication with employees and vendors. Our operations depend heavily on electrical power, internet, telecommunications infrastructure, and information systems. If any of these systems are compromised or unavailable, our business could be adversely affected. We have implemented and invested in controls, procedures, and protections designed to protect our systems and monitor and mitigate the risk of data loss and other cybersecurity threats. However, we cannot entirely eliminate cybersecurity threats, and the controls we have implemented may prove to be ineffective. A cyber incident could occur and result in unauthorized access to sensitive information, data corruption, operational disruptions, and a loss of production. We are also subject to risks associated with our reliance on technology due to the increased use of personal devices, remote communications, and work-from-home practices that evolved in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Our reliance on technology has increased, and our systems and networks may become targets of cybersecurity attacks, including denial-of-service attacks, malicious software, data privacy breaches, and ransomware. If any of these security breaches were to occur, we could suffer disruptions to our normal operations, including exploration, completion, production, and corporate functions, which could materially and adversely affect us. We have implemented specialized insurance for possible liability resulting from a cyberattack on our assets; however, we cannot assure you that the insurance coverage will be adequate to cover claims that may arise, or that we will be able to maintain adequate insurance at rates we consider reasonable. Our ability to achieve our ESG targets, including emissions reductions, is subject to numerous factors and conditions, some of which are outside of our control, and failure to achieve our announced targets or comply with ethical, environmental, or other standards may expose us to government enforcement actions or private litigation and adversely impact our business. The oil and natural gas industry is characterized by rapid and significant technological advancements, and we may be placed at a competitive disadvantage if we cannot keep pace with these developments. Our operations are substantially dependent on the availability of water, and restrictions on our ability to obtain water may have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We expect to continue to monitor commodity prices and overall market conditions and can adjust our rig cadence and capital expenditure budget in response to changes in commodity prices and overall market conditions. Our future ability to grow proved reserves and production will be highly dependent on the capital resources available to us, which include cash flows from operations, proceeds from public equity offerings, and borrowings under our revolving credit facility.