Interruptions in the proper functioning of information systems or the inability to maintain or upgrade our information systems could disrupt operations, cause unanticipated increases in costs and/or decreases in revenues, and result in less efficient operations. The proper functioning of our information systems is critical to many aspects of our business, and we could be adversely affected if we experience a disruption or data loss relating to our information systems and are unable to recover in a timely manner. Our information systems are protected with robust backup systems and processes, including physical and software safeguards and remote processing capabilities. However, information systems are vulnerable to natural disasters, power losses, unauthorized access, telecommunication failures, and other problems. Our ability to process orders, maintain proper levels of inventories, collect accounts receivable, pay expenses, and maintain the security of company and customer data is dependent on the effective and timely operation and support of our information technology systems. If critical information systems fail or these systems or related software or services are otherwise unavailable, it could adversely affect our profitability and/or ability to grow. Our business relies on the use, validity, and continued protection of certain proprietary information and intellectual property, which include current and future patents, trade secrets, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, and confidentiality agreements. Cybersecurity incidents could cause us to experience operational interruptions, incur substantial additional costs, or suffer damage to our reputation in the marketplace. While we have taken significant steps to protect our customer and confidential information, a compromise of our data security systems could result in information related to our customers or business being obtained by unauthorized persons. We develop and update processes and maintain systems to prevent unauthorized access, and have established disclosure controls and procedures that would permit us to make accurate and timely disclosures of any material event, including any cybersecurity event. The development and maintenance of these processes and systems are costly and require ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change. Our ability to attract, develop, and retain qualified personnel to staff our selling locations could impact labor costs, sales at existing selling locations, and the successful execution of our growth drivers. We have increased the resources devoted to developing a multi-dimensional, differentiated service offering, including our digital footprint, which incorporates our FMI and e-procurement capabilities, onsite services, national accounts, international capabilities, and process and consumption analytics. Our success depends in part on our ability to develop product expertise at the selling location level and identify future products and product lines that complement existing products and respond to our customers' needs. We believe we have a competitive advantage in industrial vending and bin stock due to our hardware and software, our local branch presence, and our distribution strength. However, other competitors could respond to our expanding industrial vending and bin stock position with highly competitive platforms of their own. Our ability to improve, upgrade, maintain, and expand our information systems is critical to our operational efficiency and overall business performance. The occurrence of a widespread public health crisis, including COVID-19, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We cannot predict the severity or duration of the net financial impact of COVID-19 or any other public health event on our operating results.