Our industry has become increasingly supported by and dependent on digital technologies. Many of our business and operational processes are heavily dependent on traditional and emerging technology systems to conduct day-to-day operations, improve safety and efficiency, and lower costs. As our dependence on information systems, including those of our third-party service providers and vendors, grows, we become more vulnerable to an increasing threat of continually evolving cybersecurity risks. In recent years, cybersecurity events have increased in frequency and magnitude. These incidents may include, but are not limited to, installation of malicious software, phishing, ransomware, credential attacks, unauthorized access to data and other advanced and sophisticated cybersecurity breaches and threats, including threats that increasingly target critical operational technologies and process control networks. If any of these threats materialize, we could be subject to manipulation or improper use of our systems and networks, production downtimes, communication interruption or other disruptions and delays to our operations or to the transportation of products or infrastructure utilized by our operations, unauthorized release of proprietary, commercially sensitive, confidential or otherwise protected information, a misappropriation or loss of funds, the corruption of data, significant health and safety consequences, environmental damage, loss of intellectual property, fines and litigation, damage to our reputation or financial losses from remedial actions, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. We have experienced targeted and non-targeted cybersecurity events in the past and may experience them in the future. While these cybersecurity events did not result in any material loss to us or interrupt our day-to-day operations, as of January 31, 2023, there can be no assurance that we will not experience any such losses or interruption in the future. Given the unpredictability of the timing and the evolving nature and scope of information technology disruptions, the various procedures and controls we use to monitor and protect against these threats and to mitigate our potential risks to such threats may not be sufficient in preventing cybersecurity events from materializing. Further, as cybersecurity threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities to cybersecurity threats. We could also be adversely affected by system or network disruptions if new or upgraded information technology systems are defective, not installed properly or not properly integrated into our operations. System modification failures could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations and could, if not successfully implemented, adversely impact the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. We increasingly depend on our information technology infrastructure for electronic communications among our locations, personnel, customers and suppliers around the world, including as a result of remote working and flexible working arrangements. These information technology systems, some of which are managed by third parties that we do not control, may be susceptible to damage, disruptions or shutdowns because of failures during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases or components thereof, cutover activities in our restructuring and simplification initiatives, power outages, hardware failures, telecommunication failures, user errors, catastrophic events or other problems.