We rely on information technology to receive package level information in advance of physical receipt of packages, to track items that move through our delivery systems, to efficiently plan deliveries, to execute billing processes, and to track and report financial and operational data. Our ability to attract and retain customers, to efficiently operate our businesses, and to compete effectively depends in part upon the sophistication, security, and reliability of our technology network, including our ability to provide features of service that are important to our customers, to protect our confidential business information and the information provided by our customers, and to maintain customer confidence in our ability to protect our systems and to provide services consistent with their expectations. The technology infrastructure of acquired businesses, as well as their practices related to the use and maintenance of data, could also present issues that we were not able to identify prior to the acquisition. We depend on and interact with the technology and systems of third parties, including our customers and third-party service providers such as cloud service providers and delivery services. Such third parties may host, process, or have access to information we maintain about our company, customers, employees, and vendors or operate systems that are critical to our business operations and services. We have security processes, protocols, and standards in place, including contractual provisions requiring such security measures, that are applicable to such third parties and are designed to protect information that is held by them, or to which they have access, as a result of their engagements with us. Nevertheless, a cyberattack could defeat one or more of such third parties' security measures, allowing an attacker to obtain information about our company, customers, employees, and vendors or disrupt our operations. A disruption to our complex, global technology infrastructure, including those impacting our computer systems and websites, could result in the loss of confidential business or customer information, require substantial repairs or replacements, resulting in significant costs, and lead to the temporary or permanent transfer by customers of some or all of their business to our competitors. We have invested and continue to invest in technology security initiatives, information-technology risk management, business continuity, and disaster recovery plans, including investments to retire and replace end-of-life systems. The development and maintenance of these measures is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become increasingly more frequent, intense, and sophisticated. Despite our efforts, we are not fully insulated from data breaches, technology disruptions, data loss, and cyber-fraud, which could adversely impact our competitiveness and results of operations. We have experienced continual attempts by cyber criminals, some of which have been successful, to gain access to customer accounts for the purposes of fraudulently diverting and misappropriating items being transported in our network. Our technology infrastructure must be resilient to support our operations and enable us to respond effectively to market dynamics and customer preferences. We are making significant investments and other decisions in connection with our long-term business strategy, such as investments in fleet and facility modernization and strategic investments to increase collaboration and automation and improve productivity, network efficiencies, and safety. Additionally, we are executing initiatives to use data to transform the digital and physical experiences of our customers and team members, as well as to transform and optimize the fedex express international business, particularly in Europe.