We have increasingly focused our software segment's business strategy on investing significant development resources to enable substantially all of our software to run on the FICO® platform, our modular software offering designed to enable advanced analytics and decisioning use cases. This business strategy is designed to enable us to increase our business by selling multiple connectable and extensible products to clients, as well as to enable the development of custom client solutions and to allow our clients to more easily expand their usage and the use cases they enable over time. Our growth and the success of our business strategy depend upon our ability to develop and sell new products or suites of products, including the development and sale of our cloud-based product offerings. Significant undetected errors or delays in new products or new versions of products may affect market acceptance of our products and could harm our business, financial condition, or results of operations. We have also experienced errors or "bugs" in our software products, despite testing prior to release of the products. Our ability to provide reliable products and services to our customers depends on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our data centers, information technology, and communication systems, and increasingly those of our external service providers. Our systems and data centers, and those of our external service providers, could be exposed to damage or interruption. These interruptions can include software or hardware malfunctions, communication failures, outages, or other failures of third-party environments or service providers. Our cybersecurity measures are critical as we routinely face attempted cybersecurity and other security threats by technically sophisticated and well-resourced outside third parties. If our cybersecurity measures are compromised or unauthorized access to customer or consumer data is otherwise obtained, our products and services may be perceived as not being secure, customers may curtail or cease their use of our products and services, and our reputation may be damaged. Our business requires that we develop or obtain a reliable source of sufficient amounts of current and statistically relevant data to analyze transactions and update some of our products. Our business strategy depends in part upon our ability to access new forms of data to develop custom and proprietary analytic tools. If we fail to maintain sufficient data sourcing relationships with our customers and business partners, or if they decline to provide such data due to privacy, security, or competitive concerns, we could lose access to required data and our products might become less effective. We also expect to experience additional competition from other established and emerging companies, which could include customers of ours that develop their own scoring models or other products, and as a result no longer purchase or reduce their purchases from us. Our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to innovate by internally developing new and competitive technologies, use leading third-party technologies effectively, and anticipate and effectively respond to changing customer needs. Our reliance on relationships with third parties for marketing, distribution, and certain services means that if we experience difficulties in these relationships, our future revenues may be adversely affected. We are subject to significant competition in the markets in which we operate, and our products and pricing strategies, and those of our competitors, could decrease our product sales and market share. The market for our solutions is intensely competitive and is constantly changing, and we expect competition to persist and intensify.