We focus on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. Cybersecurity is fundamental to FIS' global, complex business. The uninterrupted operation of information systems, as well as the confidentiality of the customer/consumer information that resides on such systems, is critical to the successful operation of FIS. If FIS fails to maintain an adequate security infrastructure, adapt to emerging security threats, or implement sufficient security standards and technology to protect against security breaches, the confidentiality of the information FIS secures could be compromised. The markets for our solutions are characterized by constant technological changes, frequent introductions of new solutions, and evolving industry standards. Our future success will be significantly affected by our ability to enhance our current solutions and develop and introduce new solutions and services that address the increasingly sophisticated needs of our clients and their customers. We continue to invest in modernization, innovation, and integrated solutions to meet the demands of the markets we serve and compete with global banks, financial and other technology providers, and emerging technology innovators. We expect to continue our practice of investing an appropriate level of resources to maintain, enhance, and extend the functionality of our proprietary systems and existing software applications, to develop new and innovative software applications and systems to address emerging technology trends in response to the needs of our clients and to enhance the capabilities of our outsourcing infrastructure. We are currently facing new competitive pressure from non-traditional payment processors, including payment facilitators and other embedded payment solution providers, which has had and is expected to continue to have an adverse effect on our merchant revenue and margins. As a provider of outsourced solutions, we benefit from multi-year recurring revenue streams, which help moderate the effects of broader year-to-year economic and market changes that otherwise might have a larger impact on our results of operations. We maintain significant focus on and investment in information security that is designed to mitigate threats to our systems and solutions. Our internal efforts in research and development activities have related primarily to the modernization of our proprietary core systems in each of our segments, design and development of next-generation digital and innovative solutions, and development of processing systems and related software applications and risk management platforms. The payment processing industry is adopting new technologies, developing new solutions, evolving new business models, and being affected by new market entrants and by an evolving regulatory environment. As merchants and financial institutions respond to these changes by seeking solutions to help them enhance their own offerings to consumers, including the ability to accept card-not-present payments in e-commerce and mobile environments as well as contactless cards and mobile wallets at the point of sale, FIS believes that payment processors will seek to develop additional capabilities in order to serve clients' evolving needs. We believe that these market changes present both an opportunity and a risk for us, and we cannot predict which emerging technologies or solutions will be successful. However, FIS believes that payment processors, like FIS, that have scalable, integrated business models, provide solutions across the payment processing value chain, and utilize broad distribution capabilities will be best positioned to enable emerging alternative electronic payment technologies in the long term.