We believe that the automotive industry will continue to experience significant change in the coming years, particularly as traditional automotive original equipment manufacturers continue to shift resources to the development of electric vehicles (EVs). Our vehicles and connected services increasingly rely on software and hardware that is highly technical and complex. The process of designing and developing new technology, products, and services is costly and uncertain and requires extensive capital investment and the ability to retain and recruit the best talent. If we are unable to prevent or effectively remedy errors, bugs, vulnerabilities, or defects in our software and hardware, or fail to deploy updates to our software properly, our sales, profitability, and long-term competitiveness may be harmed. Our long-term strategy is dependent upon our ability to profitably deliver a broad portfolio of EVs, which has become increasingly important as we accelerate our transition to an all-electric future. Our EV strategy is dependent on our ability to deliver a broad portfolio of high-quality EVs that are competitive and meet consumer demands; scale our EV manufacturing capabilities; reduce the costs associated with the manufacture of EVs, particularly with respect to battery cells and packs; and efficiently source sufficient materials for the manufacture of EV battery cells. We face risks related to the commercial deployment of autonomous vehicles (AVs) on our targeted timeline or at all, including consumer acceptance, achievement of adequate safety and other performance standards, and compliance with uncertain, evolving, and potentially conflicting federal, state, provincial, or local regulations. Our ability to maintain profitability is dependent upon our ability to timely fund and introduce new and improved vehicle models, including EVs, that are able to attract a sufficient number of consumers. We operate in a highly competitive industry characterized by excess manufacturing capacity and the introduction of new and improved vehicle models by our competitors. Our business is highly dependent upon global automobile market sales volume, which can be volatile. We also continue to monitor the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and government actions and measures taken to prevent its spread, which could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations. We face risks associated with climate change, including increased regulation of greenhouse gas emissions, changing consumer preferences, and other risks related to our transition to EVs. Our business in China is subject to unique operational, competitive, and regulatory risks, and our success in China depends upon our ability to adequately address unique market and consumer preferences driven by advancements related to EVs, infotainment, software-enabled connected services, and other new technologies. We are engaged in many strategic business relationships, and we expect that such arrangements will continue to be an important factor in the growth and success of our business, particularly in light of industry consolidation. Our operations are subject to extensive laws, regulations, and policies, including those related to vehicle emissions and fuel economy standards, which can significantly increase our costs and affect how we do business. Security breaches and other disruptions to information technology systems and networked products could interfere with our operations and compromise the confidentiality of private customer data or our proprietary information.