Our businesses are highly dependent on our ability to process and monitor, on a daily basis, a very large number of transactions, many of which are highly complex and occur at high volumes and frequencies, across numerous and diverse markets in many currencies. Compliance with these legal and reporting requirements can be challenging, and we have been and may in the future be subject to regulatory fines and penalties for failing to follow these rules or to report timely, accurate and complete information in accordance with these rules. As our client base, including through our consumer businesses, and our geographical reach expand and the volume, speed, frequency and complexity of transactions, especially electronic transactions, increase, developing and maintaining our operational systems and infrastructure has become more challenging. The use of computing devices and phones is critical to the work done by our employees and the operation of our systems and businesses and those of our clients and our third-party service providers and vendors. Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other information in our computer systems and networks and those of our vendors. We are regularly the target of attempted cyber attacks, including denial-of-service attacks, and must continuously monitor and develop our systems to protect the integrity and functionality of our technology infrastructure and access to and the security of our data. We have faced a high volume of cyber attacks as we expand our mobile- and other internet-based products and services, as well as our usage of mobile and cloud technologies, and as we provide more of these services to a greater number of individual consumers. The increased use of mobile and cloud technologies can heighten operational risks, as can work-from-home arrangements. We seek to minimize the occurrence and impact of unauthorized access, disruption or use of information and/or information systems. We deploy and operate preventive and detective controls and processes to mitigate emerging and evolving information security and cybersecurity threats. Our risk management framework is designed to comply with the operational risk measurement rules under the capital framework and has evolved based on the changing needs of our businesses and regulatory guidance. Our operational risk management framework is designed to ensure that critical functions can continue to operate in the event of a disruption. We have established policies that require all employees and consultants to report and escalate operational risk events. We utilize credit underwriting models in connection with our businesses, including our consumer-oriented activities. We have invested and continue to invest significant resources in training and in compliance monitoring, the geographical diversity of our operations, employees, clients and consumers, as well as the vendors and other third parties that we deal with, greatly increases the risk that we may be found in violation of such rules or regulations. We have established a resolution liquidity adequacy and positioning framework, which is designed to ensure that our major subsidiaries have access to sufficient loss-absorbing capacity to wind down following a group inc. bankruptcy filing in accordance with our preferred resolution strategy. Our contingency funding plan provides a framework for analyzing and responding to a liquidity crisis situation or periods of market stress. Our liquidity risk management policies are designed to ensure we have a sufficient amount of financing, even when funding markets experience persistent stress. We manage the maturities and diversity of our funding across markets, products and counterparties, and seek to maintain a diversified funding profile with an appropriate tenor, taking into consideration the characteristics and liquidity profile of our assets.