The proper functioning of Grainger's information systems is critical to the successful operation of its business. Grainger continues to invest in software, hardware, and network infrastructures in order to effectively manage its information systems. Grainger's ability to operate its ecommerce platforms, process orders, maintain proper levels of inventories, collect accounts receivable, disburse funds, manage its supply chain, monitor results of operations, and process and store employee or customer data, among other functions, could be adversely affected if critical information systems fail or otherwise become unavailable. Grainger has experienced incidents related to its information systems in the past, which it deemed immaterial to its business and operations individually and in the aggregate, and may be subject to other incidents in the future. Cybersecurity incidents, including breaches of information systems security, could damage Grainger's reputation, disrupt operations, increase costs, and/or decrease revenues. Grainger collects and stores personally identifiable, confidential, proprietary, and other information from customers, and its operations routinely involve receiving, storing, processing, and transmitting sensitive information. Cyber threats are rapidly evolving, and those threats and the means for obtaining access to information in digital and other storage media are becoming increasingly sophisticated. Grainger's IT infrastructure includes products and services provided by suppliers, vendors, and other third parties, which can experience breaches of their systems and products that impact the security of systems and proprietary or confidential information. Grainger has been subject to unauthorized accesses of certain supplier and customer information, which it deemed immaterial to its business and operations, and may be subject to other unauthorized accesses of its systems in the future. Grainger maintains information security staff, policies, and procedures for managing risk to its information security systems and conducts annual employee awareness training of cybersecurity threats. Grainger's IT systems are integrated with customer systems in certain cases, and a breach of the company's information systems could be used to gain illicit access to a customer's systems and information. Grainger's ability to adequately protect its intellectual property or successfully defend against infringement claims by others may have an adverse impact on operations. Grainger must attract, retain, train, motivate, and develop key employees, including those in managerial, technical, sales, marketing, and IT support positions, to compete effectively. Grainger's continued success is substantially dependent on positive perceptions of its reputation, which is influenced by its ability to execute its environmental, social, and governance efforts. Grainger's strategic priorities include investing in digital marketing, technology, and supply chain infrastructure to deliver long-term returns for shareholders. The company expects to continue to increase its investments in developing, managing, and implementing technology information systems, software development, and other capabilities to provide simplified customer interactions and streamline customer interactions. The successful operation of Grainger's ecommerce channels depends in part upon third parties and factors over which Grainger has limited or no control, including the company's reliance on internet search engines to drive traffic to its websites. Grainger's ability to pass on cost increases in a timely manner depends on market conditions, and the inability to pass along cost increases could result in lower gross margins. The company continuously evaluates the need to upgrade and/or replace its systems and network infrastructure to protect its computing environment and improve the efficiency of its systems.