Our strategy is organized around a framework that seeks to drive sustained growth by delivering operational excellence, attracting exceptional physicians and other health care professionals, developing comprehensive services, creating greater access, and coordinating higher quality care for patients. To achieve these objectives, we align our efforts around the following growth agenda: we continue to invest in initiatives such as care navigators, clinical data exchange and centralized patient transfer operations, which will enable us to improve coordination of care and patient retention across our markets. We believe our centrally managed business processes and ability to leverage cost-saving practices across our extensive network will enable us to continue to manage costs effectively. We have implemented a number of initiatives including advanced health information technology and evidence-based medicine programs. We routinely analyze operational practices from our best-performing hospitals to identify ways to implement organization-wide performance improvements and reduce clinical variation. Our continued investment in the employment, recruitment and retention of physicians and other health care professionals will improve the quality of care at our facilities. We believe there are significant growth opportunities in our markets. We will continue to provide financial and operational resources to analyze and develop our in-market opportunities. Our strategy also emphasizes investments that advance our clinical systems and digital capabilities, transform care models with innovative care solutions, expand our workforce development programs and enhance our health care networks and partnerships. We have invested significant resources to refine and improve our billing systems and the information system data used to make contractual allowance estimates. We have developed standardized calculation processes and related employee training programs to improve the utility of our patient accounting systems. We believe these initiatives will continue to improve patient care, help us achieve cost efficiencies and favorably position us in an environment where our constituents are increasingly focused on quality, efficacy and efficiency. Our provisions for losses related to professional liability risks were $517 million and $453 million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. The estimated cost of total uncompensated care increased $141 million for 2022, compared to 2021. We expect inflationary pressures will continue to impact our labor costs in the future. We believe the extent of COVID-19's impact on our operating results and financial condition has been and could continue to be driven by many factors, most of which are beyond our control and ability to forecast. We cannot estimate how long or to what extent COVID-19 will impact our operations. We believe our ongoing ability to demonstrate meaningful use of certified electronic health record technology and the impact of interoperability requirements will be critical in enhancing our IT capabilities. Our business is subject to the highly competitive nature of the health care business, and we depend on the quality and dedication of the health care providers and other team members who serve at our facilities. We believe a critical component of our growth strategy is our ability to successfully recruit and strategically collaborate with physicians and other health care professionals to provide high quality care. The timing and amount of future cash dividends will vary based on a number of factors, including future capital requirements for strategic transactions, share repurchases and investing in our existing markets, the availability of financing on acceptable terms, debt service requirements, changes to applicable tax laws or corporate laws, and periodic determinations by our board of directors that cash dividends are in the best interest of stockholders and are in compliance with all applicable laws and agreements of the company.