Our ability to be competitive on delivery and pickup times, options and costs depends on many factors, including leveraging the momentum of our strategic investments in our supply chain and our interconnected retail capabilities to further enhance the customer shopping experience. Failure to successfully manage these factors and offer competitive delivery and pickup options could negatively impact our profit margins and the demand for our products. We rely extensively on information technology systems and related personnel to collect, process, retain, manage, transmit, and protect transactions and data. Our information technology systems, applications, and processes must operate effectively, and we or our service providers must maintain and update them. Delays in the maintenance, updates, upgrading, or patching of these systems could impair their effectiveness or expose us to security risks. We also face an increased risk due to the potential failure of internal or external information technology infrastructure as well as increased cybersecurity threats and attempts to breach our security networks. Our investments in our interconnected retail strategy require continual investment in our operations and information technology systems, as well as the development and execution of new processes, systems, and support. Disruptions in our customer-facing technology systems could impair our interconnected retail strategy and give rise to negative customer experiences. We continually seek to enhance all of our online and digital properties to provide a personalized, user-friendly interface for our customers. We must effectively respond to new developments and changing customer preferences with respect to a digital and interconnected experience. Our ability to collect and use customer data is important to meet their expectations, but it is subject to external factors, including legislation governing data privacy and security. We have implemented and regularly review and update systems, processes, and procedures to protect against unauthorized access to or use of data, prevent data loss, preserve data integrity, and protect our own access to systems. However, the ever-evolving threats mean that we and our third-party service providers must continually evaluate and adapt our respective systems and processes. Our business depends on our customers', associates', job applicants', and business partners' willingness to entrust us with their personal information. Events that adversely affect that trust, including inadequate disclosure of our uses of their information or failing to keep our information technology systems secure, could adversely affect our brand and harm our reputation. The execution of initiatives to expand our supply chain and enhance the interconnected shopping experience could disrupt our operations in the near term, and these initiatives might not provide the anticipated benefits or might fail. Our strategic transactions involve risks, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations, and we may not realize the anticipated benefits of these transactions. Our ability to successfully execute organizational changes, including management transitions within the company's senior leadership, is critical to our business success. If we are unable to locate, attract, or retain qualified associates, or manage leadership transitions successfully, our ability to effectively manage our strategy may be negatively impacted. A failure of a key information technology system or process could adversely affect our business. We cannot guarantee that our current or future fulfillment options will be maintained and implemented successfully or that we will be able to meet customer expectations on delivery or pickup times, options, and costs.