We depend heavily upon our information technology systems in the conduct of our business. We develop, own and license or otherwise contract for sophisticated technology systems and services for property management, procurement, finance, human resources, reservations, distribution and the operation of the Hilton Honors guest loyalty program. Such systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, third-party criminal activity including ransomware or other malware and natural and man-made disasters. Although we have a cold disaster recovery site in a separate location and cloud backup processes to back up our core reservation, property management, distribution and financial systems, certain of our data center operations are currently located in a single facility or with a single cloud-based provider. Any loss or damage to our primary physical or cloud-based facilities could result in operational disruption and data loss as we transfer production operations to our disaster recovery site or cloud providers. We rely on third parties for the performance of a significant portion of our information technology functions worldwide. Our loyalty platform, property management, reservation and distribution systems rely on data communications networks and systems operated by unaffiliated third parties and cloud providers. The success of our business depends in part on maintaining our relationships with these third parties and their continuing ability to perform these functions and services in a timely and satisfactory manner. If we experience a loss or disruption in the provision of any of these functions or services, or they are not performed in a satisfactory manner, we may have difficulty in finding alternate providers on terms favorable to us, in a timely manner or at all, and our business could be adversely affected. We are vulnerable to various risks and uncertainties associated with our websites and mobile applications, including changes in required technology interfaces, website and mobile application downtime and other technical failures, unexpected costs and changes and issues as we upgrade our website software and mobile applications. Our failure to successfully respond to these risks and uncertainties could reduce website and mobile application sales and have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. Cyber-attacks could have a disruptive effect on our business. We and our third-party service providers experience cyber-attacks, attempted and actual breaches of our or their information technology systems and networks or similar events, which could result in a loss of sensitive business or customer information, systems interruption or the disruption of our operations. The techniques that are used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems change frequently and may be difficult to detect for long periods of time. We have been subject to cyber-attacks and expect that we will be subject to additional cyber-attacks in the future and may experience data breaches. Breaches, thefts, losses or fraudulent uses of customer, employee or company data could cause consumers to lose confidence in the security of our websites, mobile applications, point of sale systems and other information technology systems and, as a result of this loss in confidence, choose not to purchase from us. We are exposed to risks and costs associated with protecting the integrity and security of personal data and other sensitive information. We are subject to various risks and costs associated with the collection, handling, storage and transmission of sensitive information, including costs related to compliance with U.S. and foreign data collection and privacy laws and other contractual obligations, as well as risks associated with the compromise of our systems collecting such information. Failure to keep pace with developments in technology could adversely affect our operations or competitive position. The hospitality industry demands the use of sophisticated technology and systems for property management, brand assurance and compliance, procurement, reservation systems, operation of our guest loyalty programs, distribution of hotel resources to current and future customers and guest amenities. These technologies may require refinements and upgrades, and third parties may cease support of systems that are currently in use.