Howmet's information technology systems could be subject to damage or interruption from power outages; computer network and telecommunications failures; computer viruses; catastrophic events, such as fires, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes, acts of war or terrorism; and usage errors by employees. Information technology system failures, cyberattacks, and security breaches may threaten the integrity of Howmet's intellectual property and other sensitive information, disrupt its business operations, and result in reputational harm and other negative consequences having a material adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations. Increased global cybersecurity vulnerabilities, threats, and more sophisticated and targeted cyberattacks pose a risk to the security of Howmet's and its customers', suppliers', and third-party service providers' products, systems, and networks, and the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of data. The company believes that it faces threats of cyberattacks due to the industries it serves, the locations of its operations, and its technological innovations. Howmet has experienced cybersecurity attacks in the past, including breaches of its information technology systems in which information was taken, and may experience them in the future, potentially with more frequency or sophistication. Although past attacks did not result in known losses of any critical data or have a material impact on Howmet's financial condition or results of operations, the scope and impact of any future incident cannot be predicted. While the company continually works to safeguard its systems and mitigate potential risks, there is no assurance that such actions will be sufficient to prevent cyberattacks or security breaches that manipulate or improperly use the company's systems or networks, compromise confidential, personal or otherwise protected information, destroy or corrupt data, block access to its systems, or otherwise disrupt its operations. The occurrence of such events could negatively impact Howmet's reputation and its competitive position and could result in litigation with third parties, regulatory action, loss of business, potential liability, and increased remediation costs, any of which could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations. Management has also continued its intensified focus on capital efficiency. Management's focus and the related results enabled Howmet to end 2022 with a solid financial position. The company is currently under contract to supply components for a number of existing and new commercial, general aviation, military aircraft, and aircraft engine programs. Many of these contracts contemplate production increases over the next several years. If Howmet fails to meet production targets and commitments, or encounters difficulty or unexpected costs in meeting such levels, it could have a material adverse effect on the company's reputation, business, operating results, or financial condition. Howmet's competitive position and future performance depend, in part, on the company's ability to develop and innovate products, deploy technology initiatives, and implement advanced manufacturing technologies. While Howmet intends to continue to develop innovative new products and services, it may not be able to successfully differentiate its products or services from those of its competitors or achieve and maintain technological advantages. The company has also aligned its operations consistent with how the CEO assesses operating performance and allocates capital. The company produces aerospace engine parts and components and aerospace fastening systems for 737 MAX airplanes. The company anticipates additional charges related to plant fires, which could impact operational efficiency and business processes. The company has a disciplined approach to cash management and the strengthening of its balance sheet, focusing on actions to improve Howmet's cost structure and liquidity.