IBM has moved into areas, including those that incorporate or utilize hybrid cloud, artificial intelligence, quantum, and other disruptive technologies, in which it can differentiate itself through responsible innovation, by leveraging its investments in R&D and attracting a successful developer ecosystem. If IBM is unable to continue its cutting-edge innovation in a highly competitive and rapidly evolving environment or is unable to commercialize such innovations, expand and scale them with sufficient speed and versatility, or is unable to attract a successful developer ecosystem, the company could fail in its ongoing efforts to maintain and increase its market share and its profit margins. The company continues to invest significantly in key strategic areas to drive revenue growth and market share gains. If the company does not adequately and timely anticipate and respond to changes in customer and market preferences, competitive actions, disruptive technologies, emerging business models, and ecosystems, the client demand for our products or services may decline or IBM's costs may increase. The company's ability to protect its intellectual property could also be impacted by a lack of effective legal protections as well as changes to existing laws, legal principles, and regulations governing intellectual property, including the ownership and protection of patents. The company seeks to drive greater agility, productivity, flexibility, and cost savings by continuously transforming with the use of automation, artificial intelligence, agile processes, and changes to the ways of working, while also enabling the scaling of resources, offerings, and investments through the company's globally integrated model across both emerging and more established markets. These various initiatives may not yield their intended gains in speed, quality, productivity, and enablement of rapid scaling, which may impact the company's competitiveness and its ability to meet its growth and productivity objectives. The company's internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements because of its inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error, failure or interruption of information technology systems, the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud. The company regularly addresses cybersecurity attacks and vulnerabilities with the potential for exploitation, and while the company continues to monitor for, identify, investigate, respond to, and remediate such events, there have not been cybersecurity incidents or vulnerabilities that have had a material adverse effect on the company, though there is no assurance that there will not be cybersecurity incidents or vulnerabilities that will have a material adverse effect in the future. The company is at risk of security breaches not only of its own products, services, systems, and networks, but also those of customers, contractors, business partners, vendors, employees, and other third parties, particularly as all parties increasingly digitize their operations. Cybersecurity risk to the company and its customers also depends on factors such as the actions, practices, and investments of customers, contractors, business partners, vendors, and the open-source community. The enactment and expansion of cybersecurity, data protection, and privacy laws, regulations, and standards around the globe will continue to result in increased compliance costs, including due to an increased focus on international data transfer mechanisms and data location; increased cybersecurity requirements and reporting obligations; the lack of harmonization of such laws and regulations; the increase in associated litigation and enforcement activity by governments and private parties; the potential for damages, fines, and penalties; and the potential regulation of new and emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence. The company is also subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign laws and regulations concerning the discharge of materials into the environment or otherwise related to environmental protection, including the U.S. Superfund law.