We are a provider of market infrastructure, data services, and technology solutions to a broad range of customers including financial institutions, corporations, and government entities. Our business is conducted through three reportable business segments: exchanges, fixed income and data services, and mortgage technology. Our mortgage technology revenues are derived from our comprehensive U.S. residential mortgage platform, which aims to enable greater workflow efficiency for customers focused on originating U.S. residential mortgage loans. Our origination technology acts as a system of record for the mortgage transaction, automating the gathering, reviewing, and verifying of mortgage-related information and enabling automated enforcement of rules and business practices designed to ensure that each completed loan transaction is of high quality and adheres to secondary market standards. The technology platform provides customers with comprehensive, digital workflow tools that address inefficiencies in the U.S. residential mortgage market. We have increased our portion of recurring revenues from 34% in 2014 to 51% in 2022, which include data services, listings, and various mortgage technology solutions. Our data and connectivity services revenues are recurring subscription fees related to the various data and connectivity services that we provide which are directly attributable to our exchange venues. We recognize revenue when we transfer promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which we expect to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. Our technology support services consist of costs for running our wholly-owned data centers, hosting costs paid to third-party data centers, and maintenance of our computer hardware and software required to support our technology and cybersecurity. We expect our operating expenses to increase in absolute terms in future periods in connection with the growth of our business and to vary from year to year based on the type and level of our acquisitions, integration of acquisitions, and other investments. Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting and has evaluated the effectiveness of the system of internal control using the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission 2013 framework. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. Our IT capability, broadly defined as the IT function’s competence to effectively support business needs, has become key in transforming a firm into a competitive force. We believe that our cash on hand and cash flows from operations will be sufficient to repay our outstanding debt, but we may also need to incur additional debt or issue additional equity securities in the future. We continue to focus on our strategy to grow each of our revenue streams and prudently manage expenses in order to mitigate uncertainties and build on growth opportunities by leveraging our proprietary data, clearing, markets, and technology solutions. Our business environment has been characterized by globalization of marketplaces, customers, and competitors; growing customer demand for workflow efficiency and automation; and increasing demand for data to inform customers' risk management and investment decisions.