Our information technology systems are critical to the success of our products, help us operate effectively and efficiently, interface with customers, maintain our supply chain and manufacturing operations, maintain financial accuracy and efficiency, and help us produce our consolidated financial statements. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper information technology infrastructure, we could be subject to transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, the loss of existing customers, difficulty attracting new customers, business operation disruptions, diversion of the attention of management and key information technology resources, security breaches, or the unauthorized access to, loss of, or damage to intellectual property, confidential information, or personal information. Our information technology systems and those of our third-party service providers, strategic partners, and other contractors or consultants are vulnerable to attack, damage, or interruption from a variety of sources. These sources include computer viruses and malware (e.g., ransomware), malicious code, natural disasters, terrorism, war, telecommunication and electrical failures, hacking, cyberattacks, phishing attacks and other social engineering schemes, employee theft or misuse, human error, fraud, denial or degradation of service attacks, sophisticated nation-state and nation-state-supported actors, or unauthorized access or use by persons inside our organization, or persons with access to systems inside our organization. If our information technology systems do not effectively and securely collect, store, process, and report relevant data for the operation of our business, our ability to effectively plan, forecast, and execute our business plan and comply with applicable laws and regulations could be impaired. Any such impairment could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and the timeliness with which we report our internal and external operating results. We require usernames and passwords in order to access our information technology systems. We also use encryption and authentication technologies to secure the transmission and storage of data. These security measures may be compromised as a result of security breaches by unauthorized persons, employee error, malfeasance, faulty password management, or other irregularity and result in persons obtaining unauthorized access to our data or accounts. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we may also face increased cybersecurity risks due to our reliance on internet technology and the number of our employees who are working remotely, which may create additional opportunities for cybercriminals to exploit vulnerabilities. We have programs in place to detect, contain, and respond to data security incidents, and we make ongoing improvements to our information-sharing products in order to minimize vulnerabilities, in accordance with industry and regulatory standards. However, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to or steal personal information or intellectual property, or sabotage systems containing personal information or intellectual property, change frequently and may originate from less regulated and remote areas of the world and be difficult to detect, we may not be able to anticipate and prevent these intrusions or mitigate them when and if they occur. We also rely on external vendors to supply and/or support certain aspects of our information technology systems. The systems of these external vendors may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise the security of our own information technology systems, and we are dependent on these third parties to deploy appropriate security programs to protect their systems. While we devote significant resources to network security, data encryption, and other security measures to protect our systems and data, these security measures cannot provide absolute security. We and certain of our service providers are, from time to time, subject to cyberattacks and security breaches and incidents. We consider such cyberattacks or security breaches and incidents to be in the ordinary course of business for a company of our size in our industry.