The company relies on both internal information technology (IT) systems and those of third parties and their vendors to process and store sensitive data, including confidential research, business plans, financial information, intellectual property, and personal data that may be subject to legal protection, and ensure the continuity of the company's supply chain. The extensive information security and cybersecurity threats, which affect companies globally, pose a risk to the security and availability of these systems and networks, and the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the company's sensitive data. The company continually assesses these threats and makes investments to increase internal protection, detection, and response capabilities, as well as ensure the company's third-party providers have required capabilities and controls to address this risk. The company has not experienced any material impact to the business or operations resulting from information or cybersecurity attacks; however, the potential for adverse impact exists due to the frequently changing attack techniques and increased volume and sophistication of the attacks. The company maintains cybersecurity insurance in the event of an information security or cyber incident; however, the coverage may not be sufficient to cover all financial, legal, business, or reputational losses. An information security incident, including a cybersecurity breach, could have a negative impact on the company's business or reputation. The company is subject to privacy and data protection laws across the globe that impose broad compliance obligations on the collection, use, storage, access, transfer, and protection of personal data. Breach of such requirements could result in substantial fines, penalties, private right of actions, claims, and damage to the company's reputation and business. The company has established privacy compliance programs and controls that its businesses worldwide are required to comply with, but with many technology and data-driven initiatives being prioritized across the company and involving multiple vendors and third parties, there are potential risks of controls imposed on cross-border data flows, unauthorized access, and loss of personal data through internal and external threats that could impact business operations and research activities. The company seeks to identify, manage, and mitigate risks to its business, but uncertainties and risks are difficult to predict, and many are outside of the company's control. The company's businesses operate in highly competitive product markets, and competitive pressures could adversely affect the company's earnings. The company faces substantial competition in all three operating segments and in all geographic markets, competing on the basis of cost-effectiveness, technological innovations, product performance, and the ability to secure rights to acquisitions, collaborations, and licensing agreements with third parties. The company is committed to investing in research and development to create life-enhancing innovations and to create value through partnerships that will profoundly change the trajectory of health for humanity. The company has achieved approximately $0.8 billion in annual pre-tax cost savings through restructuring actions aimed at enhancing capabilities and optimizing its supply chain network. The company monitors the global capital markets and may raise capital when market conditions are favorable, ensuring sufficient resources to fund operating needs, including obligations related to litigation and liabilities. The company continues to evaluate and monitor both its internal and external supply arrangements, ensuring operational flexibility and responsiveness to market dynamics.