We focus on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. Cybersecurity incidents could result in the loss of valuable information or assets or subject us to costly disruption, remediation, regulatory investigations, litigation, and reputational damage. We may face disruptions if we cannot access critical information in a timely manner due to system failures. Our global operations are dependent upon certain information systems, including telecommunications, the internet, our corporate intranet, network communications, email, and various computer hardware and software applications. System failures or malfunctions, such as difficulties with our customer relationship management system, could disrupt our operations and our ability to timely and accurately process and report key components of our financial results. Our enterprise resource planning ("ERP") system is integral to our ability to accurately and efficiently maintain our books and records, record transactions, provide critical information to our management, and prepare our financial statements. Any disruptions or difficulties that may occur in connection with our ERP system or other systems could adversely affect our ability to complete important business processes, such as the evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting. We depend on secure information technology for our business and are exposed to risks related to cybersecurity threats and cyber incidents affecting our, our customers', suppliers', and other service providers' systems and networks. Our technology capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. Our ability to manage customer deliveries, the availability of resources for the installation of our products, and the acceptance of our products are critical to our operational efficiency. We have a highly concentrated customer base, which increases our exposure to risks related to the financial condition of each of our customers. Our reliance on third-party service providers could result in disruptions if such third parties cannot perform services for us in a timely manner. We may not be able to maintain our technology advantage or protect our proprietary rights, and we may not be able to compete with new products introduced by our competitors. We are exposed to various risks related to the legal, regulatory, and tax environments in which we perform our operations and conduct our business. Our ability to adapt to changes resulting from difficult macroeconomic conditions, including changes in customer demand and supply chain disruptions, is essential for maintaining our competitive advantage. We must continue to make significant investments in R&D to enhance the performance, features, and functionality of our products to keep pace with competitive products and satisfy customer demands. Our success in the industries we serve depends, in part, on the continual improvement of existing technologies and rapid innovation of new solutions. The ongoing changes in the technology industry, particularly in the semiconductor industry, expose our business to significant risks. Our competitive advantage and future business success depend on our ability to accurately predict evolving industry standards and develop and introduce new products and solutions that successfully address changing customer needs.