Cyber-attacks, privacy breaches, data breaches or a failure of key information technology systems could disrupt our business operations and cause us financial and reputational damage. Increased cyber-security threats and computer crime pose a potential risk to the security of our information technology systems, including those of third-party service providers with whom we have contracted, as well as the confidentiality, integrity and availability of the data stored on those systems. Our information technology systems, some of which are dependent on services provided by third parties, serve an important role in the efficient and effective operation and administration of our business. These systems could be damaged or cease to function properly due to any number of causes, such as catastrophic events, power outages, security breaches, user or system errors, computer viruses or cyber-based attacks. While we have contingency plans in place to prevent or mitigate the impact of these events, if they were to occur and our disaster recovery plans do not effectively address the issues on a timely basis, we could suffer interruptions in our ability to manage our operations, which may adversely affect our business and financial results. We are in the process of upgrading our enterprise resource planning system (known as SAP) to enhance operating efficiencies and provide more effective management of our business operations. The upgrade poses several challenges, including training of personnel, communication of new rules and procedures, migration of data, and the potential instability of the new system. Moreover, there is no assurance that the new system will meet our current and future business needs or that it will operate as designed. Any significant failure or delay in the system upgrade could cause an interruption to our business and adversely affect our operations and financial results. We continue to focus on generating cash flow and allocating capital to shareholders. Our growth strategy is built on two pillars. Elevate our core business is our first pillar and is driven by delivering value-added innovations and driving category opportunities. Expanding our markets is our second pillar and emphasizes personal care. Both strategies are enabled by our focus on accelerating and investing in our commercial capabilities through digital marketing, revenue growth management, consumer-inspired innovation and strong in-market execution. Our strong legacy of financial discipline supports our growth strategy by driving ongoing supply chain productivity through our force program, controlling discretionary spending, driving down working capital and maintaining the top-tier return on invested capital. We are actively monitoring the situation, and as the business, geopolitical, and regulatory environment concerning Russia evolves, we may not be able to sustain the limited manufacture and sale of our products, and our assets may be partially or fully impaired. We are also monitoring the increased risk of cyber-based attacks as a result of the war in Ukraine and have implemented additional cybersecurity measures designed to address the evolving threat landscape. Our ability to develop new products is affected by whether we can successfully anticipate consumer needs and preferences, develop and fund technological innovations, and receive and maintain necessary patent and trademark protection. The introduction of a new consumer product usually requires substantial expenditures for advertising and marketing to gain recognition in the marketplace. If a product gains consumer acceptance, it normally requires continued advertising and promotional support to maintain its relative market position. We may not be successful in developing new or improved products and technologies necessary to compete successfully in the industry, and we may not be successful in advertising, marketing, timely launching and selling our products.