Our business is dependent upon our operational systems to process a large amount of data and complex transactions. The various uses of these systems, networks, and services include, but are not limited to, controlling our pipelines and terminals with industrial control systems, collecting and storing information and data, processing transactions, and handling other processes necessary to manage our business. We have implemented and maintain a cybersecurity program—both internal and incorporating industry expertise—designed to protect our IT, OT, and data systems from attacks; however, we can provide no assurance that our cybersecurity program will be completely effective. We have experienced increases in the number of attempts by external parties to access our networks or our company data without authorization. The risk of a disruption or breach of our operational systems, or the compromise of the data processed in connection with our operations, has increased as attempted attacks, including acts of terrorism or cyber sabotage, have advanced in sophistication and number around the world. If any of our systems are damaged, fail to function properly, or otherwise become unavailable, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them. A significant failure, compromise, breach, or interruption in our systems, which may result from problems such as ransomware, malware, computer viruses, hacking attempts, or third-party error or malfeasance, could result in a disruption of our operations, customer dissatisfaction, damage to our reputation, and a loss of customers or revenues. Efforts by us and our vendors to develop, implement, and maintain security measures, including malware and anti-virus software and controls, may not be successful in preventing these events, and any network and information systems-related events could require us to expend significant remedial resources. In the future, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to enhance our information security measures, to comply with regulations, to develop and implement government-mandated plans, and/or to investigate and remediate information security vulnerabilities. The potential for an attack may subject our operations to increased risks and costs, and, depending on their ultimate magnitude, have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and/or business reputation. Our business is also subject to various risks inherent to the transportation and storage of the products we handle, including the breakdown, underperformance, or failure of equipment, facilities, information systems, or processes. The occurrence of any of these risks could result in significant reputational damage, impairment or suspension of operations, fines or other regulatory penalties, costs associated with responding to an investigation or enforcement action brought by a governmental agency, and revocation of regulatory approvals or imposition of new requirements. Our operating results may be adversely affected by unfavorable economic and market conditions. Unfavorable conditions such as a general slowdown of the global or U.S. economy, uncertainty and volatility in the financial markets, or inflation and rising interest rates could materially adversely affect our operating results. Our substantial debt could adversely affect our financial health and make us more vulnerable to adverse economic conditions. We may also experience difficulties completing acquisitions or integrating new businesses and properties, and we may be unable to achieve the benefits we expect from any future acquisitions. Our ability to service our consolidated debt, and our ability to meet our consolidated leverage targets, will depend upon, among other things, our future financial and operating performance, which will be affected by prevailing economic conditions and financial, business, regulatory, and other factors, many of which are beyond our control.