The company relies on networks and information systems and other technology to support a variety of business processes and activities, including procurement and supply chain, manufacturing, distribution, invoicing and collection of payments, employee processes, consumer marketing, mergers and acquisitions, and research and development. Information systems are critical to many of the company's operating activities, and the business may be impacted by system shutdowns, service disruptions, or cybersecurity incidents. Cybersecurity incidents could result in unauthorized or accidental access to or disclosure of material confidential information or regulated personal data, leading to financial and reputational damage. The company continues to make investments in personnel, technologies, and training to address risks to its information systems. Data protection laws and regulations impose operational requirements for companies receiving or processing personal data, and the company is subject to a variety of continuously evolving and developing laws regarding privacy and data protection. The company’s ability to achieve its sustainability goals and targets is subject to risks, many of which are outside of its control, and its reputation and brands could be harmed if it fails to meet such goals. The company is focused on digitalizing operations through the use of data, artificial intelligence, automation, robotics, and digital devices to increase efficiency and productivity. The digital evolution is affecting how the company interacts with consumers, customers, suppliers, bottlers, and other business partners. The company acknowledges that it must continuously strengthen its capabilities in marketing and innovation to compete in a digital environment and maintain brand loyalty and market share. The rapid growth of e-commerce may create additional consumer price deflation by facilitating comparison shopping and could potentially threaten the value of some of the company's legacy route-to-market strategies. The company’s success depends on its ability to evolve and improve existing beverage products through innovation and to successfully develop, introduce, and market new beverage products. The company faces challenges related to the evolving competitive landscape, including the need to adapt to the digital marketplace and changing consumer preferences. The company’s ability to maintain or gain share of sales in the global market may be limited as a result of actions by competitors, and competitive pressures may cause the company and its bottling partners to reduce prices charged to customers or restrict their ability to increase prices. The company is also dependent on third-party service providers and business partners for certain services in support of key portions of its operations. If these third parties do not fulfill their commitments and responsibilities satisfactorily, the company’s financial results could suffer. The company’s financial performance is impacted by how well it can integrate and manage acquired businesses, brands, and bottling operations, and it may not be able to achieve its strategic and financial objectives for these acquisitions. The company’s operations are influenced by various external factors, including economic conditions, consumer preferences, and regulatory changes, which could impact its IT capabilities and overall business performance.