Our business is increasingly dependent on information technology systems that are complex and vital to continuing operations, resulting in an expansion of our technological presence and corresponding risk exposure. If we were to experience difficulties maintaining or operating existing systems or implementing new systems, we could incur significant losses due to disruptions in our operations. As we modernize legacy systems, if we are unable to successfully implement those systems in a coordinated manner across internal and external stakeholders, we could be subject to business interruption or reputation risk with our customers, suppliers, or associates. Our technology systems have been, and may be in the future, disrupted from circumstances beyond our control, as we regularly defend against and respond to data security incidents. Cyber-attackers have targeted and accessed, and may in the future again target and, if successful, access information stored in our or our vendors' systems in order to misappropriate confidential customer or business information. Our cybersecurity program, continued investment in our information technology systems, and our processes to evaluate and select vendors with reasonable information security controls may not effectively insulate us from potential attacks, data breaches, or disruptions to our business operations, which could result in a loss of customers or business information, negative publicity, damage to our reputation, and exposure to claims from customers, financial institutions, regulatory authorities, payment card associations, associates, and other persons. Any such events could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows and may not be covered by our insurance. Furthermore, compliance with privacy and information security laws and standards may result in significant expense due to increased investment in technology and the development of new operational processes and may require us to devote significant management resources to address these issues. The costs of attempting to protect against the foregoing risks and the costs of responding to cyber-attacks are significant. Data governance failures can adversely affect our reputation and business. Our business depends on our customers' willingness to entrust us with their personal information. Events that adversely affect that trust, including inadequate disclosure to our customers of our uses of their information, failures to honor new and evolving data privacy rights, and failing to keep our information technology systems and our customers' sensitive information secure from significant attack, theft, damage, loss, or unauthorized disclosure or access, could adversely affect our brand and reputation and operating results. Our digital business accelerated significantly during the COVID-19 pandemic. We must compete by offering a convenient shopping experience for our customers regardless of how they choose to shop with us, and by investing in, providing, and maintaining relevant customer-facing apps and interfaces that have the features customers want that are also reliable and easy to use. The future success of the digital business will also depend on the efficiency and cost-effectiveness of fulfilling orders across our modalities, whether in store, in pickup-only locations, or through customer fulfillment centers powered by Ocado. Our value proposition, which includes providing great quality, fresh products at affordable prices, data-driven promotions, trusted our brands products, and our fuel rewards program, is resonating with shoppers and driving total household growth and enhanced customer loyalty. We are evolving from a traditional food retailer into a more diverse, food-first business that we expect will consistently deliver net earnings growth in the future. This will be achieved by growing identical sales without fuel, maximizing growth opportunities in our supermarket business, and continuing strategic investments in our customers, associates, and our seamless ecosystem to ensure we deliver a full, friendly, and fresh experience for every customer, every time.