We are a global security and aerospace company principally engaged in the research, design, development, manufacture, integration, and sustainment of advanced technology systems, products, and services. Our strategy consists of the design and development of platforms and systems that meet the future requirements of 21st-century security, which aims to integrate new and existing systems across all domains with advanced, open-architecture networking and operational technologies to make forces more agile, adaptive, and unpredictable. Key to enabling the success of our strategy is developing differentiating technologies, forging strategic partnerships, including with commercial companies, and executing on our multi-year business transformation initiative to enhance our digital infrastructure and increase efficiencies and collaboration throughout our business. We invest substantially in our people to ensure that our workforce has the technical skills necessary to succeed, and we expect to continue to invest internally in innovative technologies that address rapidly evolving mission requirements for our customers. Our future performance depends, in part, on our ability to adapt to changing customer needs rapidly, identify emerging technological trends, develop and manufacture innovative products and services efficiently, and bring those offerings to market quickly at cost-effective prices. This includes efforts to provide mission solutions that integrate capabilities and resources across all forces and domains, which we refer to as joint all-domain operations, and to implement emerging digital and network technologies and capabilities. Our business is heavily dependent on suppliers, and if our subcontractors or other suppliers fail to perform their obligations, our performance and ability to win future business could be adversely affected. We also face various cybersecurity threats to our information technology infrastructure, unauthorized attempts to gain access to sensitive information, and insider threats. Our enterprise risk management program includes threat detection and cybersecurity mitigation plans, and we maintain compliance programs to address the potential applicability of restrictions on trading while in possession of material, nonpublic information generally and in connection with a cybersecurity breach. We routinely experience various cybersecurity threats, and our customers, suppliers, subcontractors, and joint venture partners experience similar security threats. Our ability to capture and retain future growth in development, production, and sustainment is dependent on the success of our efforts to achieve performance, customer affordability, supply chain improvements, continued reliability improvements, and other efficiencies, some of which are outside our control. Our contracts generally allow for the recovery of costs in the pricing of our products and services, and we monitor compliance with and the consistent application of our critical accounting policies related to contract accounting. We have a balanced cash deployment strategy to invest in our business and key technologies to provide our customers with enhanced capabilities, enhance stockholder value, and position ourselves to take advantage of new business opportunities when they arise. Our success in achieving these goals may depend, among other things, on accurately assessing our customers' needs and our competitors' capabilities, containing our total costs relative to competitors, successfully and efficiently investing in emerging technologies, and adopting innovative business models and adaptive pricing methods.