We rely on sophisticated information systems and networks to perform our business operations, such as to obtain, rapidly process, analyze, and manage data that facilitate the purchase and distribution of thousands of inventory items from distribution centers. Our technology products or services might not conform to specifications or perform as intended. We sell and provide services involving complex software and technology that may contain errors, especially when first introduced to market. Healthcare professionals delivering patient care tend to have heightened sensitivity to system and software errors. If our software and technology services are alleged to have contributed to faulty clinical decisions or injury to patients, we might be subject to claims or litigation by users of our software or services or their patients. Errors or failures might damage our reputation and negatively affect future sales. We experience cybersecurity incidents that might significantly compromise our technology systems or might result in material data breaches. We, our external service providers, and other third parties with which we do business, use technology and systems to perform our business operations, such as the secure electronic transmission, processing, storage, and hosting of sensitive information, including protected health information and other types of personal information, confidential financial information, proprietary information, and other sensitive information relating to our customers, company, and workforce. Despite physical, technical, and administrative security measures, technology systems and operations of the company and third parties with which we do business are subject to cyberattacks and cybersecurity incidents. A cybersecurity incident might involve a material data breach or other material impact to the confidentiality, integrity, availability, and operations of our technology systems or data, which might result in injury to patients or consumers, litigation or regulatory action, disruption of our business operations, loss of customers or revenue, and increased expense, any of which might have a materially adverse impact on our business, our reputation, and our financial position or results of operations. We might experience significant problems with information systems or networks. The networks and hosting systems are vulnerable to interruption or damage from sources beyond our control, such as power loss, telecommunications failures, fire, natural disasters, including as a result of climate change, software and hardware failures, and cybersecurity incidents. If those information systems or networks suffer errors, interruptions, or become unavailable, or if the timely delivery of medical care or other customer business requirements are impaired by data access, network, or systems problems, we might experience injury to patients or consumers, litigation or regulatory action, disruption of our business operations, loss of customers or revenue, and increased expense. Any such problems might have a materially adverse impact on our business, our reputation, and our financial position or results of operations. We are subject to extensive and frequently changing laws relating to healthcare fraud, waste, and abuse. Our industry is highly regulated, and further regulation of our distribution businesses and technology products and services could impose increased costs, negatively impact our profit margins and the profit margins of our customers, delay the introduction or implementation of our new products, or otherwise negatively impact our business and expose the company to litigation and regulatory investigations. Our business strategy as a diversified healthcare services company includes investing to build an integrated oncology service business and expand our biopharma services business. Our ability to grow those businesses will depend on acquiring, developing, and implementing new technologies and capabilities.