The company's business operations rely on functioning and secure information systems and those of its vendors. Technological changes present new or intensified challenges, and if the company is unable to foresee or adapt to these changes, its business, results of operations, and financial condition may be adversely affected. The assumptions, models, and reserves may need to be modified if the company is unable to accurately, timely, or completely process, store, and retrieve the increased volume and variety of information relating to its businesses. The company's risk management policies and procedures may not be sufficiently comprehensive and may not identify or adequately protect against every risk to which it is exposed. The enterprise risk management and business continuity policies may introduce or increase operational and cybersecurity risks, impairing the company's ability to manage its business. The company's business is highly dependent upon the effective operation of its information systems, which include processing claims, transactions, and applications, providing information to customers and distributors, and retaining customer and business records. A failure in the security of such systems may adversely affect the ability to conduct business and result in regulatory enforcement action and litigation. The company continues to be targeted by or subject to computer viruses or other malicious codes, unauthorized or fraudulent access, human errors, ransomware or cyber-attacks, and other breaches of cybersecurity and information security systems. The frequency, severity, and sophistication of cybersecurity incidents have increased, and these trends may continue. The company has implemented what it believes to be effective cybersecurity and data protection measures, including a formal risk-based information security program. However, there can be no assurance that these measures will be effective in preventing or limiting the impact of future cybersecurity incidents. The company may face operational risks due to errors in transactions processed through its complex administrative systems, which may subject it to claims from customers. The company's ability to conduct business effectively and maintain the security, integrity, confidentiality, or privacy of sensitive data could be severely compromised if key personnel are unavailable or if vendors' ability to provide goods and services is impaired. The company may not carry business interruption insurance sufficient to protect it from all losses that may result from such interruptions. The company is continuously evaluating and enhancing its cybersecurity and information security systems and creating new systems and processes. However, there can be no assurance that these measures will be effective in preventing or limiting the impact of future cybersecurity incidents. The company may face challenges in managing its total exposure to a single counterparty or limited number of counterparties within its investment, derivative, treasury, and reinsurance relationships. The company's risk management practices may not effectively deter excessive risk-taking or misconduct, and it may have difficulty attracting, motivating, and retaining employees. The company's management actions and decisions are based on model outputs and reports that may be flawed, and it may fail to identify or remediate model errors adequately. The company's evaluation of markets, clients, and other matters may not always be accurate, complete, or properly evaluated. The company's operational flexibility and ability to respond to market changes may be impaired if its product designs do not allow frequent and contemporaneous revisions of key pricing elements or if it is unable to work collaboratively with regulators.