Our intellectual property rights are critical to our success, and the loss of such rights could materially adversely affect our business. We must continually maintain, monitor, protect and/or upgrade our information technology systems, including protecting us from internal and external cybersecurity threats. Information technology enables us to operate efficiently, interface with customers, maintain financial accuracy and efficiency, and accurately produce our financial statements. If we do not appropriately allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper technology infrastructure, we could be subject to transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, the loss of customers, business disruptions, and/or the loss of and/or damage to intellectual property through security breaches, including internal and external cybersecurity threats. Cybersecurity attacks are evolving, may be difficult to detect for periods of time, and include, but are not limited to, malicious software (malware, ransomware, and viruses), phishing and social engineering, attempts to gain unauthorized access to networks, computer systems, and data, malicious or negligent actions of employees (including misuse of information they are entitled to access), cyber extortion, electronic or wire fraud, and other forms of electronic security breaches. Such attacks could lead to disruptions in or loss of access to our data or business systems, an inability to process customer orders and/or lost customer orders, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information, lost revenues or other costs due to office, plant, warehouse or other facility disruption or shutdown, and corruption of data. We rely on relationships with third parties, including suppliers, distributors, bottlers, contract packers, contractors, cloud data storage, and other information technology service providers and other external business partners, for certain functions or for services in support of our operations. These third-party service providers and partners, with whom we may share data, are subject to similar risks as we are relating to cybersecurity, privacy violations, business interruption, and systems, as well as employee failures. While we have procedures in place for selecting and managing our relationships with third-party service providers and other business partners, we do not have control over their business operations or governance and compliance systems, practices, and procedures, which increases our financial, legal, reputational, and operational risk. These third parties may experience cybersecurity incidents that may involve data we share with them or rely on them to provide to us, and the need to coordinate with such third-parties, including with respect to timely notification and access to personnel and information concerning an incident, may complicate our efforts to resolve any issues that arise. However, given the unpredictability of the timing, nature, and scope of such disruptions, we could potentially be subject to operational interruption, damage to our brand image, and private data exposure. Moreover, if our data management systems, including our SAP enterprise resource planning system, do not effectively collect, store, process, and report relevant data for the operation of our business (whether due to equipment malfunction or constraints, software deficiencies, cybersecurity attack, and/or human error), our ability to effectively plan, forecast, and execute our business plan and comply with applicable laws and regulations will be impaired, perhaps materially. Any such impairment could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the timeliness with which we report our internal and external operating results.