We are increasingly dependent on our information technology systems and those of our third-party business partners and service providers for the safe and effective operation of our business. We rely on such systems to process, transmit and store electronic information, including financial records and personally identifiable information such as employee, customer and investor data, and to manage or support a variety of business processes, including our supply chain, pipeline operations, gathering and processing operations, credit card payments and authorizations at certain of our customers' retail outlets, financial transactions, banking and numerous other processes and transactions. Our systems (and those of our third-party business partners and service providers) are subject to numerous and evolving cybersecurity threats and attacks, including ransomware and other malware, and phishing and social engineering schemes, which can compromise our ability to operate, and the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of data in our systems or those of our third-party business partners and service providers. Cybersecurity events involving our information technology systems or those of our third-party business partners and service providers can result in theft, destruction, loss, misappropriation or release of confidential financial data, regulated personally identifiable information, intellectual property and other information; give rise to remediation or other expenses; result in litigation, claims and increased regulatory review or scrutiny; reduce our customers' willingness to do business with us; disrupt our operations and the services we provide to customers; and subject us to litigation and legal liability under international, U.S. federal and state laws. We have developed a rin integrity program to vet the rins that we purchase, and we incur costs to audit rin generators. Our approach to sustainability spans the environmental, social and governance dimensions of our business, which means strengthening resiliency by lowering the carbon intensity and conserving natural resources; innovating for the future by investing in renewables and emerging technologies; and embedding sustainability in decision-making and in how we engage our people and many stakeholders. We are committed to positioning our assets so that we are a leader in operational, financial, and sustainability performance and are evaluating the strength and fit of assets in our portfolio. Our goal is that each individual asset generates free-cash-flow back to the business and contributes to shareholder returns. We are focused on leveraging advantaged raw material selection, new approaches in the commercial space to be more dynamic amidst changing market conditions and achieving technology improvements to advance our commercial performance. Our capital investment plan includes approximately $1.3 billion for capital projects and investments, with a focus on high returning projects that enhance the competitiveness of our portfolio, including investments in sustainable fuels and technologies that lower our carbon intensity as the global energy mix evolves. We have established a target to reduce absolute scope 3 - category 11 ghg emissions and are progressing towards meeting our methane intensity reduction goals. Our operations are subject to business interruptions and casualty losses, and we rely on information technology systems to manage or support a variety of business processes. The performance of our information technology systems is critical to our operational efficiency and organizational effectiveness, and we continuously monitor our interests in legal entities for changes in the design or activities of an entity and changes in our interests, including our status as the primary beneficiary.