Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including the impact of failures, disruptions, instability, or vulnerabilities in our information technology systems or applications. We depend heavily on the capacity, reliability, and security of our information technology systems and platforms, including our data centers, cloud providers, and other vendors and service providers, to create and deliver our products and service our clients. The realization of any risks related to our IT capabilities could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. We rely on third-party suppliers of data, applications, and services, and any failure to supply, errors, or reduction in the accuracy or quality of such data could impair our ability to provide our products and services. Additionally, we are exposed to security breaches, including cyber-attacks or failures of our security plans, systems, or procedures, which could compromise the confidentiality and integrity of affected information. Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential, sensitive, proprietary, and other types of data and information managed internally and with third-party vendors. Successful cyber-attacks or other security breaches could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. We must continually introduce new products and services; enhance existing products and services, including through integration of products and services within MSCI and with third-party platforms; collect, organize, analyze, and protect large amounts of information to generate insights; and effectively generate client demand for new and enhanced products and services. The competitive landscape may experience consolidation in the form of mergers and acquisitions, joint ventures, or strategic partnerships, which could result in a narrower pool of competitors that are better capitalized or able to gain a competitive advantage through synergies. Our growth strategy includes enhancing distribution and content-enabling technology, strengthening client relationships, and growing into strategic partnerships with clients. We are dependent on third parties to supply data, applications, and services for our products and services, and any refusal or failure by a key vendor to distribute our products could impair our ability to provide our clients with our products and services. Our business could be materially adversely affected if we are unable to timely or effectively replace the data or functionality provided by vendor products that become unavailable or fail to operate effectively. We continually introduce new methodologies and products, and new versions of and updates to our existing products or services. Despite internal testing, our products or services have contained, and in the future may contain, errors in our data, calculations, methodologies, or analysis, including serious defects or malfunctions. Our ability to effectively use the internet, including our remote workforce's ability to access the internet, may also be impaired due to infrastructure failures, service outages at third-party internet providers, or malicious attacks exploiting security vulnerabilities. Our technology risks include the potential for disruptions or delays in the performance and delivery of our products, services, and client support due to failures, disruptions, instability, or vulnerabilities in our information technology architecture, platforms, and service providers. We must also ensure and protect the confidentiality of data, as any failure in this regard could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.