Our ability to remain competitive depends on our success in making innovative products, devices, and services that appeal to businesses and consumers. We face intense competition across all markets for our products and services, which may lead to lower revenue or operating margins. The competitive pressures described may cause decreased sales volumes, price reductions, and/or increased operating costs, such as for research and development, marketing, and sales incentives. Our increasing focus on cloud-based services presents execution and competitive risks. A growing part of our business involves cloud-based services available across the spectrum of computing devices. Our strategic vision is to compete and grow by building best-in-class platforms and productivity services for an intelligent cloud and an intelligent edge infused with artificial intelligence. Our success in the Internet of Things will depend on the level of adoption of our offerings. We may not establish market share sufficient to achieve scale necessary to meet our business objectives. We are devoting significant resources to develop and deploy our cloud-based strategies. Whether we succeed in cloud-based services depends on our execution in several areas, including maintaining the utility, compatibility, and performance of our cloud-based services on the growing array of computing devices. Our investments in products and services may not achieve expected returns. We will continue to make significant investments in research, development, and marketing for existing products, services, and technologies. Our data handling practices across our products and services will continue to be under scrutiny, and perceptions of mismanagement could negatively impact product and feature adoption. Developing new technologies is complex and can require long development and testing periods. Significant delays in new releases or significant problems in creating new products or services could adversely affect our revenue. The success of acquisitions and strategic alliances will depend on our ability to leverage them to enhance our existing products and services or develop compelling new ones. Cybersecurity threats can have cascading impacts that unfold with increasing speed across our internal networks and systems and those of our partners and customers. Breaches of our facilities, network, or data security could disrupt the security of our systems and business applications, impair our ability to provide services to our customers, and protect the privacy of their data. We must continuously engineer more secure products and services, enhance security and reliability features, and improve the deployment of software updates to address security vulnerabilities. Our internal IT environment continues to evolve, and we embrace new ways of sharing data and communicating internally and with partners and customers. We are increasingly incorporating open source software into our products, which may introduce vulnerabilities that could make our products susceptible to cyberattacks. Our customers operate complex IT systems with third-party hardware and software from multiple vendors, and they expect our products and services to support all these systems. We must account for the wide variation of technical sophistication when defining default settings for our products and services. The development of the Internet of Things presents security, privacy, and execution risks. IoT solutions may collect large amounts of data, and our handling of IoT data may not satisfy customers or regulatory requirements. The long-term effects of climate change on the global economy and the IT industry are unclear, and environmental regulations may affect the availability or cost of goods and services necessary to run our business.