We focus on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. Our technologies in land mobile radio communications, video security, and access control, bolstered by managed and support services, help make communities safer and businesses stay productive and secure. We believe that public safety agencies and enterprises continue to trust LMR communications systems and devices because they are purpose-built and designed for reliability, availability, security, and resiliency to withstand the most challenging conditions. By adding broadband data capabilities to our two-way radios, we strive to provide our customers with greater functionality and multimedia access to the information and data they need in their workflows. Our view is that complementary data applications such as these enable government, public safety, and enterprise customers to work more efficiently and safely, while maintaining their mission-critical voice communications to remain connected and working in collaboration with others. Our command center software supports individuals through the three phases of incident response: incident awareness, incident management, and post-incident resolution. We offer both native cloud-based applications and cloud features that enhance on-premises applications. Our solutions enhance first responders' situational awareness and safety by integrating critical communications, video security, data, and analytics to provide an all-in-one operational view of the incident. We expect to provide additional services to existing LMR customers as communication networks become more complex, software-centric, and data-driven. We have made go-to-market and research and development investments in both video and our command center technologies with growth in mind. We believe our integrated products and services for public and enterprise safety can enable strong collaboration by removing system silos, simplifying management, and automating workflows. Our strategy is to generate value through the integration of critical communications, video security, access control, and data and analytics. The principal products within each segment are described below: LMR communications technology includes infrastructure and devices for LMR, public safety long-term evolution, and enterprise-grade private LTE. Our technology enables voice and multimedia collaborations across two-way radio, Wi-Fi, and public and private broadband networks. We are a global leader in the two-way radio category, including Project 25, terrestrial trunked radio, and digital mobile radio, as well as other PCR solutions. Our video technology includes video management infrastructure, AI-video powered security cameras, and cloud-based access control solutions. We deploy video security and access control solutions to thousands of government and commercial customers around the world, including school campuses, transportation systems, healthcare centers, and public venues. Our software is designed to complement video hardware systems, providing end-to-end video security to strive to keep people, property, and assets safe. Our video network management software is embedded with AI-enabled analytics to deliver operational insights to our customers by bringing attention to important events within their video footage. We have invested across these technologies, evolving our LMR focus to purposefully integrate software, video security, and access control solutions for public safety and enterprise customers globally.