Our operations and business have been affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, and may be materially and adversely impacted in the future by pandemics, epidemics and other health emergencies. The company faces risks related to health epidemics and other outbreaks of communicable diseases, which could significantly disrupt operations and may materially and adversely affect its business and financial conditions. We are dependent upon information technology and operational technology systems, which are subject to disruption, damage, failure and risks associated with implementation, upgrade, operation and integration. The operating and control systems at our mines increasingly leverage technology-based solutions based on a combination of on-premises and cloud-based platforms. These systems are crucial for operating our mines safely and efficiently. Our systems, and those of our third-party service providers and vendors, may be targeted by increasingly sophisticated threat actors. Cybersecurity risk is increasingly difficult to identify and quantify and cannot be fully mitigated because of the rapidly evolving nature of the threats, and the increasing sophistication of the threat actors. Additionally, unauthorized parties may attempt to gain access to these systems for company information through fraud or other means of deceiving our third-party service providers, employees or vendors. We have experienced attempts by external parties to compromise our networks and systems. The cost of responding to and remediating such events was immaterial. Although attempts and other cyber incidents to date have not resulted in any material breaches, disruptions, or loss of business-critical information, our systems and procedures for preparing and protecting against such attempts and mitigating such risks may prove to be insufficient against future attacks. Any future material compromise or breach of our IT systems could have an adverse impact on our business and operations, including damage to our reputation and competitiveness, remediation costs, litigation or regulatory actions. Given the unpredictability of the timing, nature and scope of information technology disruptions, we could potentially be subject to production downtimes, operational delays, the compromising of confidential or otherwise protected information, destruction or corruption of data, security breaches, other manipulation or improper use of our systems and networks or financial losses from remedial actions. Outages in our operational technology may affect operations related to health and safety and could result in putting lives at risk of harm or death. In addition, as technologies evolve and these cybersecurity attacks become more sophisticated, we may incur significant costs to upgrade or enhance our security measures to protect against such attacks and we may face difficulties in fully anticipating or implementing adequate preventive measures or mitigating potential harm. Such efforts may prove insufficient to deter future cybersecurity attacks or prevent all security breaches. We are also dependent on information technology and operational technology systems, which are subject to disruption, damage, failure and risks associated with implementation, upgrade, operation and integration. We are dependent upon information technology and operational technology systems. The operating and control systems at our mines increasingly leverage technology-based solutions based on a combination of on-premises and cloud-based platforms. These systems are crucial for operating our mines safely and efficiently. Our systems, and those of our third-party service providers and vendors, may be targeted by increasingly sophisticated threat actors. Cybersecurity risk is increasingly difficult to identify and quantify and cannot be fully mitigated because of the rapidly evolving nature of the threats, and the increasing sophistication of the threat actors.