We depend heavily on a single customer, the U.S. government, for a substantial portion of our business. Our success in competing and remaining cost-competitive depends, in part, on our ability successfully to effect our digital transformation strategy and to adopt and integrate new digital manufacturing and operating technologies into our products and services. The U.S. government has the ability to delay, modify or cancel ongoing competitions, procurements and programs, as well as to change its future acquisition strategy. Significant delays or reductions in appropriations for our programs and U.S. government funding more broadly can negatively impact our business and programs. We face various risks related to health epidemics, pandemics and similar outbreaks, which may have material adverse effects on our business, financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. Our business, financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows have been and may continue to be adversely impacted by the global macroeconomic environment. The global macroeconomic environment has experienced, and continues to experience, extraordinary challenges, including high rates of inflation; widespread disruptions in supply chains; workforce challenges, including labor shortages; and market volatility. We continue to work proactively to mitigate these challenges. However, if we are unable to do so successfully, our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows could be materially adversely affected. We are subject to various investigations, claims, disputes, enforcement actions, litigation, and other legal proceedings that could ultimately be resolved against us. Our ability to win new competitions and meet the needs of our customers depends, in part, on our ability to maintain a qualified workforce. Our operating results and growth opportunities are heavily dependent upon our ability to attract and retain sufficient qualified and diverse personnel who have the requisite skills in multiple areas, including science, technology, engineering and math. Our contracts contain provisions relating to cost controls and audit rights. If we do not achieve our estimates or meet terms in our contracts, our profitability has at times been and may be reduced. We face significant competition in the U.S. and outside the U.S. from U.S., foreign and multinational firms, including new entrants. Our customers are turning to commercial contractors, rather than traditional defense contractors, for some products and services. The improper conduct of employees, agents, subcontractors, suppliers, business partners or joint ventures in which we participate can impact our reputation, our ability to do business and our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. We are subject to various procurement and other laws, regulations and contract terms applicable to our industry, as well as those more broadly applicable to industry, and we could be adversely affected by changes in such laws, regulations or terms. We are working to identify opportunities to utilize alternatives to fossil-based energy sources, to decrease our greenhouse gas emissions, to reduce our consumption of water and generation of waste, and to ensure our compliance with environmental regulations where we operate. Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to develop new products and new technologies, progress and benefit from digital transformation and maintain technologies, facilities and equipment to win new competitions and meet the needs of our customers. Our ability to develop innovative and technologically advanced products depends on the talent of our workforce, continued funding for, and investment in, research and development projects, and our ability to provide the people, technologies, facilities, equipment and financial capacity needed to develop and deliver those products and services with maximum efficiency.