Investing in our securities involves risks, including our ability to grow our business, which may be affected by laws, regulations, and customer expectations regarding the use, storage, and movement of data that may restrict our ability to optimize our platform. We participate in intensely competitive markets, and if we do not compete effectively, our business and operating results will be harmed. If we fail to innovate in response to rapidly evolving technological and market developments and customer needs, our competitive position and business prospects may be harmed. Our reliance on a network of partners for an increasing portion of our revenues means that if these partners fail to perform, our ability to sell and distribute our products may be impacted. The risks related to our business operations include potential cybersecurity events that could harm our reputation and financial results. Disruptions or defects in our services could damage our customers' businesses and subject us to substantial liability. We have made significant investments to support future sales opportunities in various government sectors, including obtaining security authorizations and certifications. However, government certification processes can be lengthy and may affect our business. Our intellectual property protections may not provide us with a competitive advantage, and defending our intellectual property may result in substantial expenses. Our use of open-source software could harm our ability to sell our products and services. Various factors, including our customers' business, integration, migration, compliance, and security requirements, may cause implementations of our products to be delayed or unsuccessful. Our operating results may vary significantly from period to period, and if we fail to meet the financial performance expectations of investors or securities analysts, the price of our common stock could decline substantially. We derive our revenues predominantly from subscription revenues, which are primarily comprised of subscription fees that give customers access to the ordered subscription service. Our subscription revenues increased significantly, driven by increased purchases by new and existing customers. Our business operations are subject to interruption by natural disasters and other catastrophic events, which could have a negative effect on us. Additionally, we rely on our network of partners for an increasing portion of our revenues, and if these partners fail to perform, our ability to sell and distribute our products may be impacted. The markets for our enterprise cloud solutions are rapidly evolving and highly competitive, with relatively low barriers to entry. The pace of innovation will continue to accelerate as customers increasingly evaluate their purchases based on the advantages of digital technologies and their need to shift to modern cloud-based infrastructure. Our customers face competing imperatives to adopt digital technologies, or their systems are already built on fully digital, modern, dynamic IT technologies. To compete effectively, we must identify and innovate in the right emerging technologies and keep pace with rapidly changing technological developments. If we fail to meet these requirements, our competitive position and business prospects may be harmed. Our ability to attract new customers, retain and increase sales to existing customers, and satisfy customers' requirements is critical to our success. We have experienced and may continue to experience difficulties attracting, hiring, and retaining highly-skilled personnel, which could adversely affect our business and future growth prospects.