We rely on information technology in our operations, and any material failure, inadequacy, interruption or security failure of that technology could harm our business. Our information technology networks and related systems are essential to the operation of our business and our ability to perform day-to-day operations and, in some cases, may be critical to the operations of certain of our clients. Although we make efforts to maintain the security and integrity of these types of IT networks and related systems, there can be no assurance that our security efforts and measures will be effective or that attempted security breaches or disruptions would not be successful or damaging. We also depend on third-parties to provide important software, technologies, tools and a broad array of services and functions, such as payroll, human resources, electronic communications, data storage, and certain finance and treasury functions, among others. The primary risks that could directly result from the occurrence of a cyberattack or security incident include operational interruption, damage to our relationship with our clients, reputational damage, and private data exposure. We could be required to expend significant capital and other resources to address an attack or incident, which may not be covered or fully covered by our insurance and which may involve payments for investigations, forensic analyses, legal advice, public relations advice, system repair or replacement, or other services, in addition to any remedies or relief that may result from legal proceedings. Our financial results may be negatively impacted by such attacks and incidents or any resulting negative media attention. We face competition in the acquisition and operation of our properties, and negative market conditions or adverse events affecting our existing or potential clients, or the industries in which they operate, could have an adverse impact on our ability to attract new clients, re-lease space, collect rent or renew leases, which could adversely affect our cash flow from operations and inhibit growth. Our business operations may not generate the cash needed to make distributions on our capital stock or to service our indebtedness. Our ability to make distributions on our common stock and any outstanding preferred stock and payments on our indebtedness, and to fund planned acquisitions and capital expenditures will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. We cannot make any assurances that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to make distributions on our common stock and any outstanding preferred stock, to pay our indebtedness, or to fund our other liquidity needs. We have made and may continue to make selected acquisitions of properties that fall outside our historical focus on freestanding, single-client, net-lease retail locations in the U.S. As a result, we may be exposed to a variety of new risks by expanding into new property types and/or new jurisdictions outside the U.S. and properties leased to clients engaged in non-retail businesses. These risks may include limited experience in managing certain types of new properties, new types of real estate locations and lease structures, and the laws and culture of non-U.S. jurisdictions. We also face the risk that we may be unable to refinance or repay our debt as it comes due. Given past disruptions in the financial markets and ongoing global financial uncertainties, including the impact of COVID-19, the United Kingdom's withdrawal from the European Union, and the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict, we also face the risk that one or more of the participants in our revolving credit facility may be unwilling or unable to lend us money. We seek to promote effective energy efficiency and other sustainability strategies and compliance with federal, state and international laws and regulations related to climate change, both internally and with our clients. Our sustainability strategies and efforts to comply with changes in federal, state and international laws and regulations on climate change could result in significant capital expenditures to improve our existing properties or properties we may acquire.