Our businesses are dependent upon our operational systems to process a large amount of data and complex transactions. The various uses of these information technology systems, networks, and services include controlling our plants and pipelines with industrial control systems including supervisory control and data acquisition; collecting and storing customer, employee, investor, and other stakeholder information and data; processing transactions; summarizing and reporting results of operations; hosting, processing, and sharing confidential and proprietary research, business plans, and financial information; complying with regulatory, legal, financial, or tax requirements; providing data security; and other processes necessary to manage our business. If any of our systems are damaged, fail to function properly, or otherwise become unavailable, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them and may experience loss or corruption of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to perform critical functions, which could affect adversely our business and results of operations. Our financial results could also be affected adversely if our operational systems fail as a result of an inadvertent error or by deliberate tampering with or manipulation of our operational systems. In addition, dependence upon automated systems may further increase the risk that operational system flaws or employee or third-party tampering or manipulation of those systems will result in losses that are difficult to detect. Due to increased technology advances and an increase in remote work arrangements, we have become more reliant on technology to help increase efficiency in our businesses. Cybersecurity, physical security, and the continued development and enhancement of our controls, processes, and practices designed to protect our enterprise, information systems, and data from attack, damage, or unauthorized access and to identify and appropriately report cyberattacks remain a priority for us. Although we believe that we have robust information security procedures and other safeguards in place, including sufficient insurance, as cyberthreats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend additional resources to continue to enhance our information security measures and/or to investigate and remediate information security vulnerabilities. A breach of information security, including a cybersecurity attack, or failure of one or more key information technology or operational systems, or those of third parties, may affect adversely our operations, financial results, or reputation. The risks associated with such an event continue to increase, and a significant failure, compromise, breach, or interruption in our systems, or those of our vendors, could result in a disruption of our operations, physical or environmental damages, customer dissatisfaction, damage to our reputation, and a loss of customers or revenues. Efforts by us and our vendors to develop, implement, and maintain security measures may not be successful in anticipating, detecting, or preventing these events from occurring, due in part to attackers' ever-changing methods and efforts to conceal their activities. The various uses of these information technology systems, networks, and services include controlling our plants and pipelines, collecting and storing information, processing transactions, and providing data security. The timely receipt of approval by applicable governmental entities for construction and operation of our pipeline and other projects and required regulatory clearances is essential for our operational capabilities. The impact of increased technology advances and an increase in remote work arrangements has made us more reliant on technology to enhance operational efficiency.