We rely extensively on information technology systems, some of which are managed or provided by third-party service providers, to collect, analyze, process, store, manage, transmit and protect business operations, processes, transactions and data. Our systems, and the third-party systems with which we interact, are subject to damage, failure or interruption due to various reasons, including power or other critical infrastructure outages, facility damage, physical theft, telecommunications failures, malware, security incidents, cyber-attacks, including the use of malicious codes, worms, phishing, spyware, denial of service attacks and ransomware, natural disasters and catastrophic events, inadequate or ineffective redundancy measures, and design or usage errors by team members, contractors or third-party service providers. Delays in the maintenance, updates, upgrading or patching of these systems, applications or processes could adversely impact their effectiveness or could expose us to risks. A material incident could significantly disrupt our operations and business processes; result in the impairment or loss of critical data; be costly and resource-intensive to remedy; and/or harm our reputation and relationship with customers, team members, suppliers and other stakeholders, all of which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our information technology systems, infrastructure and personnel require substantial investments, such as replacing systems, maintaining or enhancing systems or designing or acquiring new systems. These efforts can result in significant potential risks, including failure of the systems to operate as designed, potential loss or corruption of data, incurring more costs than expected or implementation delays or errors, and may result in operational challenges, security control failures, reputational harm, and increased costs, all of which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We believe our continued success depends, in part, on our ability to preserve, grow and leverage the value of our brand. Our reputation is based, in part, on perceptions of subjective qualities; negative publicity involving the company, our merchandise or our industry in general that erodes customer trust or confidence could adversely affect our reputation and business. We have ongoing initiatives focused on marketing and training to educate customers on the advantages of ongoing vehicle maintenance, as well as "purchasing up" on the value spectrum. Our stores also offer enhanced services and programs to our customers, including used oil, oil filter and battery recycling; battery, wiper and bulb replacement; battery diagnostic testing; electrical and module testing; check engine light code extraction; loaner tool program; drum and rotor resurfacing; custom hydraulic hoses; professional paint shop mixing and related materials; and machine shops. We expect to continue to make acquisitions as an element of our growth strategy. Acquisitions involve certain risks that could cause our actual growth and profitability to differ from our expectations. Our ability to operate effectively and grow in international markets could be impacted by risks resulting in legal liabilities, additional costs and the distraction of management's attention. We cannot be certain that our growth plans for 2023 and beyond will be achieved. Our ability to accomplish our growth objectives is dependent, in part, on matters beyond our control, such as weather conditions, zoning and other issues related to new store site development, the availability of qualified management personnel and general business and economic conditions. We are sensitive to regional economic and weather conditions that could impact our costs and sales. Our business is sensitive to national and regional economic and weather conditions and natural disasters.