The company relies on information technology systems and networks, some of which are managed by third parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of its business processes and activities. Some of the company's products include telematics which provide over-the-air software updates, advanced fleet management tools and real-time data analytics on driver and vehicle performance. The company maintains and continues to invest in protections to guard against potential disruptions, including conducting third-party penetration tests, implementing software detection and prevention tools, event monitoring, and disaster recoverability. Despite these safeguards, there remains a risk of system disruptions, unauthorized access and data loss. If the company's computer systems were to be damaged, disrupted or breached, it could impact data availability and integrity, result in a theft of the company's intellectual property or lead to unauthorized disclosure of confidential information of the company's customers, suppliers and employees. Security breaches could also result in a violation of U.S. and international privacy and other laws and subject the company to various litigations and governmental proceedings. The company has ongoing product development programs intended to address changing customer demand in the context of climate change and achieve its targeted reductions in emissions. These involve the continuing development of compliant clean diesel powertrains and the design, manufacture, and sale of alternative powertrain commercial vehicles. The pace of transition from diesel combustion to alternative powertrain commercial vehicles is highly uncertain and will be influenced by the success of the company's research and development programs, customer demand for alternative powertrain vehicles, advancements in battery-electric, hydrogen fuel cell, and hydrogen combustion technology, and investments in energy and power infrastructure in key markets. The company believes its current strategies, programs and resources are sufficient to address changes in customer demand in the context of climate change and to meet its emissions reduction targets. The company is increasing its investment in next generation clean diesel and electric powertrain technologies, autonomous driving systems, connected vehicle services, advanced manufacturing and enhanced distribution capabilities. The company has been affected by an industry-wide undersupply of component parts and anticipates the shortage may continue to affect deliveries. The financial services segment is exposed to credit risk and is subject to interest-rate risks, as increases in interest rates can reduce demand for its products and increase borrowing costs. The company uses derivative contracts to match the interest-rate characteristics of its debt to the interest-rate characteristics of its finance receivables in order to mitigate the risk of changing interest rates. The company's financial services activities are funded primarily from collections on existing finance receivables and borrowings in the capital markets. The company believes its cash balances and investments, collections on existing finance receivables, committed bank facilities, and current investment-grade credit ratings will continue to provide it with sufficient resources and access to capital markets at competitive interest rates. The company expects to continue paying dividends, although there is no assurance as to future dividends because they are dependent upon future earnings, capital requirements and financial conditions. The company continually monitors developments in emissions and climate change-related laws and regulations in the markets in which it conducts business, aligning its product planning through 2030 with these statutory and regulatory requirements.