The utility's operational networks and information technology systems could be impacted by a cyber incident, cyber security breach, severe natural event, or physical attack. The utility's electricity and natural gas systems rely on a complex, interconnected network of generation, transmission, distribution, control, and communication technologies, which can be damaged by natural events and by malicious events, such as cyber and physical attacks. The utility's operational networks may face new cyber security risks due to modernizing and interconnecting the existing infrastructure with new technologies and control systems. Any failure or decrease in the functionality of the utility's operational networks could cause harm to the public or employees, significantly disrupt operations, negatively impact the utility's ability to safely generate, transport, deliver and store energy and gas or otherwise operate in the most safe and efficient manner or at all, and damage the utility's assets or operations or those of third parties. The utility also relies on complex information technology systems that allow it to create, collect, use, disclose, store and otherwise process sensitive information, including the utility's financial information, customer energy usage and billing information, and personal information regarding customers, employees and their dependents, contractors, and other individuals. The utility often relies on third-party vendors to host, maintain, modify, and update its systems, and to provide other services to the utility or the utility's customers. The utility is increasingly being required to disclose large amounts of data to support changes to California's electricity market related to grid modernization and customer choice. These third-party vendors could cease to exist, fail to establish adequate processes to protect the utility's systems and information, or experience security incidents or inadequate security measures. Any incidents or disruptions in the utility's information technology systems could impact the utility's ability to track or collect revenues and to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting. The utility and its third-party vendors have been subject to, and will likely continue to be subject to, breaches and attempts to gain unauthorized access to the utility's information technology systems or confidential data. Despite implementation of security and control measures, there can be no assurance that the utility will be able to prevent unauthorized access to its operational networks, information technology systems or data, or the disruption of its operations. Such events could subject the utility to significant expenses, claims by customers or third parties, government inquiries, penalties for violation of applicable privacy laws, investigations, and regulatory actions that could result in material fines and penalties, loss of customers and harm to the utility's reputation, any of which could have a material effect on the utility's financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows. The utility maintains cyber liability insurance that covers certain damages caused by cyber incidents. However, there is no assurance that adequate insurance will continue to be available at rates the utility believes are reasonable or that the costs of responding to and recovering from a cyber incident will be covered by insurance or recoverable through rates. The utility's ability to efficiently construct, maintain, operate, protect, and decommission its facilities, and provide electricity and natural gas services safely and reliably is subject to numerous risks, many of which are beyond the utility's control, including those that arise from the breakdown or failure of equipment, electric transmission or distribution lines, or natural gas transmission and distribution pipelines or other assets or group of assets.