The successful construction and development of projects will depend, in part, on our ability to complete supporting IT upgrades. Cybersecurity attacks or intrusions or other disruptions to our IT, operational or other systems could adversely impact our businesses. We rely on information and operational technology systems and network infrastructure to operate our generation and transmission and distribution systems. Our operational and IT systems and products may be vulnerable to cybersecurity attacks involving fraud, malice or oversight on the part of our employees, other insiders or third parties. Cybersecurity risks to our operations include disruption of the operation of our assets, the fuel supply chain, the power grid and gas transmission and distribution, theft of confidential company, employee, shareholder, vendor or customer information, and general business system and process interruption or compromise. The operation of our business is dependent upon the IT systems of third parties, including our vendors, regulators, regional transmission organizations and independent system operators. We face increased risk of cyberattack, and a successful cybersecurity attack may result in unauthorized use of our systems to cause disruptions at a third party. The increasing frequency, sophistication and magnitude of cybersecurity attacks against us and our respective vendors and business partners who may have our sensitive information and/or access to our environment could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our business is also subject to policy, regulatory, technology and economic uncertainties and contingencies, including regulatory approvals required for various of our clean energy initiatives, many of which are beyond our control and may affect our ability to implement our clean energy strategy and initiatives. Our ability to generate cash flow is dependent upon, among other things, industry conditions and general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors. We are subject to numerous federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations that may significantly limit or affect our businesses, adversely impact our business plans or expose us to significant environmental fines and liabilities. The introduction or expansion of technologies related to energy generation, distribution and consumption and changes in customer usage patterns could adversely impact us. Technological advancements enabling customer choice and state climate policy supporting decarbonization are driving transformative change in the electric power industry. These developments will require modernization of the electric distribution grid to accommodate two-way flows of electricity, increase the grid's capacity, and interconnect distributed energy resources. Our focus is on investing capital in transmission and distribution infrastructure and clean energy programs to enhance the reliability and resiliency of our systems, meet customer expectations and support public policy objectives. We expect our capital requirements to be met through internally generated cash flows and external financings, consisting of short-term debt for working capital needs and long-term debt for capital investments. Our ability to arrange financing and to refinance existing debt and the costs of such financing or refinancing depend on numerous factors including general economic and capital market conditions, the availability of credit from banks and other financial institutions, and our financial performance and the continued reliable operation of our business. Our business plan calls for extensive investment in capital improvements and additions, including the construction of transmission and distribution facilities and modernizing existing infrastructure. We have several significant projects underway or being contemplated, and any delays, cost escalations or otherwise unsuccessful construction and development could materially affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.