The ongoing conflict in Ukraine has resulted in increased risk of cyber incidents or other disruptions to our information systems, which can adversely affect our business. Our operations depend on information systems and technology for many activities important to our business, including communications within our company, interfacing with customers and consumers, ordering and managing inventory, and protecting confidential information. We have experienced and could continue to experience system shutdowns, degraded systems performance, systems disruptions, or security incidents, which may be caused by cyberattacks and other cyber incidents. The increase in certain employees working remotely has resulted in increased demand on our information technology infrastructure, which can be subject to failure, disruption, or unavailability. Cyberattacks and other cyber incidents are occurring more frequently, and the techniques used to gain access to information technology systems are constantly evolving. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to continue building and maintaining our information technology infrastructure, our business has been and can continue to be adversely affected. We rely on third-party service providers for certain areas of our business, including payroll processing and finance functions. Failure by these third parties to meet their obligations can result in our inability to achieve expected efficiencies and lead to additional costs. We are also in the process of migrating certain of our systems to enterprise-wide systems solutions and have begun to roll out these systems in certain countries and divisions. We have experienced and could continue to experience systems outages and operating inefficiencies following these planned implementations. Our reliance on third-party service providers and enterprise-wide systems can have an adverse effect on our business. Our business can be adversely affected if we are unable to effectively adopt new technologies, including artificial intelligence and data analytics to develop new commercial insights and improve operating efficiencies. The retail landscape continues to evolve, including continued growth in e-commerce channels, and our business will be adversely affected if we are unable to maintain and develop successful relationships with e-commerce retailers. We continue to monitor changes in the retail landscape and seek to identify actions we may take to build our global e-commerce and digital capabilities. Our ability to innovate and effectively respond to shifts in consumer trends and preferences, including the types of products our consumers want, is critical. Any inability on our part to anticipate or react to changes in consumer preferences and trends, or make the right strategic investments, including investments in data analytics to understand consumer trends, can lead to reduced demand for our products and erode our competitive and financial position. The board and management consider short-, medium-, and long-term potential impacts on the company's business, including evaluating risks related to cybersecurity and digitalization. The board receives updates on the impact of disruptive events, including supply chain disruption and digitalization, which are critical to our strategic management practices. Our business operations, including our supply chain, are subject to disruption by events beyond our control, which could negatively impact product availability and decrease demand for our products. Failure to maintain adequate oversight over product quality or safety can result in product recalls, litigation, or investigations, all of which may adversely affect our business.