Our business results depend on our ability to manage disruptions in our global supply chain, including execution of supply chain optimizations and certain sole supplier or sole manufacturing plant arrangements. Disruptions in our internal information and data systems or those of our suppliers, as well as the inability to procure sufficient raw or input materials, could interrupt product supply and adversely impact our business. We rely extensively on information and operational technology (IT/OT) systems, networks, and services, including data hosting and processing facilities and technologies, to assist in conducting our business. The various uses of these IT/OT systems include ordering and managing materials from suppliers, converting materials to finished products, shipping products to customers, and managing our banking and other cash liquidity systems. Numerous and evolving information security threats pose a risk to the security of our services, systems, networks, and supply chain, as well as to the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of our data and critical business operations. A significant information security or operational technology incident, including a cybersecurity breach, could have a material adverse impact on our business or reputation. We cannot guarantee that our security efforts will prevent material breaches or operational incidents. If our IT/OT systems fail to function properly or cause operational outages, we may suffer interruptions in our ability to manage operations and be exposed to reputational, competitive, operational, financial, and business harm. Our ability to achieve our business objectives depends on how well we can compete with our local and global competitors in new and existing markets and channels. The consumer products industry is highly competitive, and we experience ongoing competitive pressures that may result in challenges in maintaining sales and profit margins. To address these challenges, we must successfully respond to competitive factors and emerging retail trends, including pricing, promotional incentives, and product delivery windows. Our success depends on our ability to successfully manage relationships with our retail trade customers, which includes our ability to offer trade terms that are mutually acceptable and aligned with our pricing and profitability targets. Additionally, we must successfully manage ongoing acquisition, joint venture, and divestiture activities, while delivering against our business objectives. Our financial results have been, and could be, adversely impacted by the dilutive impacts from the loss of earnings associated with divested brands or dissolution of joint ventures. We must also successfully manage productivity improvements and ongoing organizational change, including attracting and retaining key talent. Our ability to generate sufficient sales, income, and cash flow could affect the company's ability to achieve expected share repurchase and dividend payments. The war between Russia and Ukraine has negatively impacted our operations, and future impacts are difficult to predict due to the high level of uncertainty. We must manage the uncertainties, sanctions, and economic effects from this conflict, which could adversely impact our business and financial results. Our organizational structure includes corporate functions that provide company-level strategy, governance, human resources, information technology, and legal services, which are essential for maintaining operational effectiveness and supporting our business growth.