The use of technology is critical to our ability to maintain or enhance the competitiveness of our businesses and is dependent on having the right to use its underlying intellectual property. We rely heavily on information systems to conduct our business and to process, record, monitor, and report on our transactions and those of our customers. The effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables financial institutions to better serve customers. The financial services industry is undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services, including expanded use of cloud computing, artificial intelligence, machine learning, and increased online and mobile device interaction with customers. We have been investing in technology and connectivity to automate functions previously performed manually and enhance the customer experience. A failure to maintain or enhance our competitive position with respect to technology would likely cause us to lose market share or incur additional expense. Our ability to maintain or enhance our technological position is dependent on our ability to attract and retain talented employees in these fields. We are vulnerable to the impact of failures of our systems to operate as needed or intended, leading to materially adverse impacts from human error, unexpected transaction volumes, or overall security, design, or performance issues. We also rely on information systems maintained by other companies, which are subject to many of the same risks we face. The risks of operational failures in the use of these systems result from various factors, including electrical or telecommunications outages, bad weather, disasters, and cyber threats. We are faced with ongoing efforts by others to breach data security, and our risk and exposure to data security breaches is heightened due to our increased remote work environment. Our cybersecurity program is designed to identify risks to sensitive information, protect that information, detect threats and events, and maintain an appropriate response and recovery capability. We have policies, procedures, and systems designed to mitigate third-party risk, but our ability to implement these measures is limited. The effective management of our expanded remote work environment heightens our need for secure, reliable, and adequate information systems and technology. We have established an enterprise LIBOR transition program to address the scheduled cessation of LIBOR, which presents risks to the financial instruments originated, held, or serviced by us that use LIBOR as a reference rate. The transition from LIBOR will subject us to financial, legal, operational, and reputational risks. We are actively working to address contracts without an alternative rate or sufficient fallbacks in advance of cessation. Our ability to protect confidential or proprietary information is limited, especially regarding information held by third parties. We have devoted significant resources toward improving the reliability of our systems and their security against external and internal threats and expect to continue to do so in the future. Our risk management framework includes monitoring compliance with established guidelines and reporting significant risks to management committees and the board of directors. Our operational risk management framework is designed to provide effective and consistent management of operational risk across various domains, including technology and systems, information security, and third-party risks.