We are heavily dependent upon automated information technology and internet commerce, with more than half of our new customers coming from the telephone or over the internet. We centrally manage significant components of our operations with our computer systems, including our financial information, and we also rely extensively on third-party vendors to retain data, process transactions, and provide other systems services. Our inability to modernize and adopt advancements in information technology may hinder or prevent us from achieving strategic objectives. The failure or disruption of our computer and communications systems, on which we are heavily dependent, could significantly harm our business. Such incidents could also result in significant costs to repair or replace such networks or information systems, as well as actual monetary losses in case of a breach that resulted in fraudulent payments or other cash transactions. As a result, our operations could be severely impacted by a natural disaster, terrorist attack, attack by hackers, acts of vandalism, data theft, misplaced or lost data, programming or human error, or other circumstance that results in a significant outage of our systems or those of our third-party providers, despite our use of backup and redundancy measures. If our confidential information is compromised or corrupted, including as a result of a cybersecurity breach, our reputation and business relationships could be damaged, which could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. We must continually evaluate and adapt our systems and processes to address the evolving threat landscape, and therefore there is no guarantee that they will be adequate to safeguard against all data security breaches or misuses of data. In addition, as the regulatory environment related to information security, data collection and use, and privacy becomes increasingly rigorous, compliance with those requirements could also result in additional costs, or we could fail to comply with those requirements due to various reasons such as not being aware of them. Our failure to modernize and adopt advancements in information technology may hinder or prevent us from achieving strategic objectives. We have implemented various initiatives to manage the adverse impacts, such as enhancements in operational processes and investments in technology to reduce payroll hours, achievement of economies of scale from recent acquisitions with supervisory payroll allocated over a broader number of self-storage facilities, and investments in solar power and LED lights to lower utility usage. Centralized management costs increased due primarily to an increase in technology and data team costs that support property operations. We believe that these incremental investments improve customer satisfaction, the attractiveness and competitiveness of our facilities to new and existing customers and, in the case of LED lighting and solar panels, reduce operating costs. Our continued ability to maintain these limited lines self-service storage insurance agent licenses in the jurisdictions in which we are licensed depends on our compliance with related rules and regulations. Our marketing initiatives, including our increasing dependence on Google to source customers, may fail to be effective and could negatively impact financial performance. Approximately 65% of our new storage customers in 2022 were sourced directly or indirectly through "unpaid" search and "paid" search campaigns on Google. The predominance of Google in the shopping experience, as well as Google’s enabling of additional competitors to bid for placements in self-storage search terms, may reduce the number of new customers that we can procure, and/or increase our costs to obtain new customers. Our operations are subject to risks from public health and other crises like the COVID-19 pandemic, including risks related to the negative impacts on economic conditions in our markets, which may reduce the demand for self-storage.