Our information technology and infrastructure, or information technology and infrastructure of our third-party service providers, may be vulnerable to attacks by malicious actors or breached due to human error, malfeasance or other disruptions, including ransomware and other malware, phishing and social engineering schemes. Any such breaches could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in a loss of intellectual property, proprietary information, or employee, customer or vendor data; public disclosure of sensitive information; increased costs to prevent, respond to, or mitigate cybersecurity events; systems interruption; disruption of our business operations; remediation costs for repairs of system damage; reputational damage that adversely affects customer or investor confidence; and damage to our competitiveness, stock price, and long-term stockholder value. The continuing and evolving threat of cyberattacks has resulted in increased regulatory focus on prevention. To the extent we face increased regulatory requirements, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to meet such requirements. Increasing regulatory focus on privacy and cybersecurity issues and expanding laws could expose us to increased liability, subject us to lawsuits, investigations and other liabilities and restrictions on our operations that could significantly and adversely affect our business. We are subject to numerous international, federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations, including the U.S. federal Clean Air Act, which governs air emissions, and the U.S. federal Clean Water Act, which governs discharges into bodies of water. These laws and their implementing regulations set limits on emissions and establish water quality limits. They also, in most cases, require permits in association with new or modified operations. These permits can require an applicant to collect substantial information in connection with the application process, which can be expensive and time-consuming. We have systems in place to manage potential acute physical risks, including those that may be caused by climate change, but if any such events were to occur, they could have an adverse effect on our assets and operations. We are committed to protecting the environment and strive to reduce our environmental footprint throughout our operations. Our energy research and innovation organization works to develop new technologies focused on advancing our business, including renewable fuels research and energy transition programs. Our efforts to research and develop new technologies are subject to a multitude of factors and conditions, many of which are out of our control. Examples of such factors include evolving government regulation, the pace of changes in technology, the successful development and deployment of existing or new technologies and business solutions on a commercial scale, competition from third parties in developing new technologies and the availability, timing and cost of equipment. We strive to attract, develop and retain individuals with the knowledge and skills to implement our business strategy and who support our values and culture. Throughout the company, we focus on promoting an inclusive workplace that enables our diverse workforce to innovate, create value and deliver extraordinary performance. We also focus on getting results in the right way and embracing our values as a common bond, and we believe success is both what we do and how we do it. We encourage collaboration throughout our company, while valuing differences, respecting diversity, and creating a great place to work. We foster an environment of learning and development through structured programs focused on enhancing functional and technical skills where employees are engaged in our business and committed to their own, as well as the company's, success.