Our business is subject to operational hazards, including disruptions or failure to adequately protect our information technology systems, which could materially affect our business or result in harm to our reputation. We rely on information technology systems to manage our operations and other business processes and to protect sensitive company information. Breaches or disruptions of our information systems can result from cyber-attacks, theft, inadvertent exposure of sensitive information, acts of terrorism, and other natural phenomena. Cyber-attacks can result in compromises of our payment systems, monetary losses, and delays in processing transactions or reporting financial results. We have security measures and technology in place to protect our and our clients' confidential or proprietary company information, but there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent all threats to our computer systems. The increased use of remote working arrangements by employees and vendors expands the possible attack surfaces, thereby increasing the risk of a data security compromise. Our decentralized management structure could negatively impact our business, as it places significant control and decision-making powers in the hands of the management of our operating companies, contributing to the risk that we may be slower or less able to identify or react to problems affecting key business matters. The lack of timely access to information may also impact the quality of decision-making by management. Our ability to coordinate and utilize resources, including our fleet of vehicles, equipment, labor resources, and working capital, depends on effective communications and processes among our operating companies. Furthermore, our decentralized structure can increase the cost and complexity associated with the implementation and management of information technology systems associated with critical functions. Our business is labor-intensive, and we may be unable to attract and retain qualified employees or incur significant costs if we are unable to efficiently manage our workforce. The demand for labor resources has continued to increase in response to the increasing duration and complexity of customer capital budgets, and the pool of skilled workers in certain of our industries has been reduced. The cyclical nature of certain industries can create shortages of qualified labor during periods of high demand. A shortage in the supply of personnel creates competitive hiring markets that may result in increased labor expenses. Our investments, including our joint ventures, expose us to risks and may result in conflicts of interest. We have entered into strategic relationships and joint ventures that expose us to increased risks, including poor performance by the infrastructure projects or businesses in which we have invested. Our ability to generate internal growth will be affected by our ability to profitably scale the services we currently offer, expand our overall service offerings and product solutions, and attract new customers. We are subject to various specific regulatory regimes and requirements that could result in significant compliance costs and liabilities. Our operations are subject to various environmental laws and regulations, including those dealing with the handling and disposal of waste products. Changes in climate have caused, and are expected to continue to cause, significant impacts on our future operating results. Our financial results are based on estimates and assumptions that may differ from actual results, and we are regularly under audit by tax authorities. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities known to exist, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses recognized during the periods presented.