We derive a significant portion of our revenues from a small number of customers and licensees, particularly from their sale of premium tier devices. Our industry is experiencing and may continue to experience concentration of device share among a few companies, contributing to this trend. Certain Chinese OEMs continue to grow their device share in China and are increasing their device share in regions outside of China. We spend a significant amount of engineering and development time, funds, and resources in understanding our key customers' feedback and/or specifications and attempt to incorporate such input into our product launches and technologies. The loss of any one of our significant customers, a reduction in the purchases of our products by any of these customers, or the cancellation of significant purchases by any of these customers could reduce our revenues and harm our ability to achieve or sustain expected results of operations. A delay of significant purchases would reduce our revenues in the period of the delay. The concentration of device share among a few companies may result in lower prices for our products, which could have an adverse effect on our revenues and margins. The timing and size of purchases by our significant customers may be impacted by the timing of such customers' new or next-generation product introductions, over which we have no control. Our industry has also experienced slowing growth in the premium-tier device segment due to a maturing premium-tier smartphone industry in which demand is increasingly driven by new product launches and innovation cycles. We derive a significant portion of our revenues from a limited number of licensees, which includes a number of Chinese OEMs. Our growth depends in part on our ability to extend our technologies and products into new and expanded product areas, and industries and applications beyond mobile handsets. We invest significant resources toward advancements primarily in support of 5G-based technologies and in developing new products and technologies for these product areas. Our future growth depends on our ability to develop leading and cost-effective technologies and products for these new and expanded product areas, industries, and applications. We may also underestimate the costs of, or overestimate the future revenues or margins that could result from these investments. The automotive industry is subject to long design-in time frames, long product life cycles, and a high degree of regulatory and safety requirements, necessitating suppliers to comply with stringent qualification processes. Our strategic activities are generally focused on opening or expanding opportunities for our products and technologies and supporting the design and introduction of new products for mobile handsets and for industries and applications beyond mobile handsets. Our manufacturing processes are highly complex, require advanced and costly equipment, and must be continuously modified to improve yields and performance. We may not be able to deliver our products or do so in a timely, cost-effective, or competitive manner. Our business and operations could suffer in the event of security breaches of our IT systems, or other misappropriation of our technology, intellectual property, or other proprietary or confidential information. We believe that we have a robust cybersecurity program aligned to international cybersecurity frameworks, but we cannot anticipate, detect, repel, or implement fully effective preventative measures against all cybersecurity threats. Our technology, intellectual property, and other proprietary or confidential information could be wrongfully obtained by third parties through cyber-attacks on our customers', licensees', or other business partners' IT systems. We expect to continue to devote significant resources to the security of our IT systems and our technology, intellectual property, and proprietary and confidential information.