The risk factors set forth below and elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K are important factors that could cause actual results to differ from expected or historical results. Our business continues to demand the use of sophisticated technology and systems. These technologies and systems require significant investment and must be proven, refined, updated, upgraded and/or replaced with more advanced systems in order to continue to meet our customers' demands and expectations as well as to process our information effectively. If we are unable to keep pace with developments, design, and implementation in technology, our operations or competitive position could become impaired. We also may not achieve the benefits that we anticipate from any new technology or system, which could impair our operating results. We are exposed to cybersecurity attacks and data breaches and the risks and costs associated with protecting our systems and maintaining data integrity and security. A successful cybersecurity attack may target us directly, or it may be the result of a third party's inadequate care, or resulting from vulnerabilities in licensed software. In either scenario, the company may suffer damage to its systems and data that could interrupt our operations, adversely impact our brand reputation, and expose us to increased risks of governmental investigation, litigation, fines, and other liability, any of which could adversely affect our business. Furthermore, responding to such an attack and mitigating the risk of future attacks could result in additional operating and capital costs in technology, personnel, monitoring and other investments. We are also subject to various risks associated with the collection, handling, storage, and transmission of sensitive information. In the regular course of business, we collect employee, customer, and other third-party data, including personally identifiable information and individual payment data, for various business purposes. Although we have policies and procedures in place to safeguard such sensitive information, this information has been and could be subject to cybersecurity attacks and the aforementioned risks. Our reliance on third-party vendors and service providers who are integral to the operations of our businesses exposes us to risks which could adversely impact our business. We outsource to third-party vendors certain services that are integral to the operations of our global businesses, such as our onboard concessionaires, certain of our call center operations, guest port services, logistics distribution and operation of a large part of our information technology systems. We are subject to the risk that certain decisions are subject to the control of our third-party service providers and that these decisions may adversely affect our activities. A failure to adequately monitor a third-party service provider's compliance with a service level agreement or regulatory or legal requirements could result in significant economic and reputational harm to us. We strive to provide high quality products and deliver high quality services. There can be no assurance that we can successfully balance these goals with our cost management and capital allocation strategies. Our business also requires us to make capital allocation decisions across a broad scope of investment options with varying return profiles and time horizons for value realization. These include significant capital investment decisions such as ordering new ships, upgrading our existing fleet, enhancing our technology and/or data capabilities and expanding our portfolio of land-based assets, based on expected market preferences, competition and projected demand. Our ability to access additional funding as and when needed, our ability to timely refinance and/or replace our outstanding debt securities and credit facilities on acceptable terms and our cost of funding will depend upon numerous factors including, but not limited to, the strength of the financial markets, global market conditions, including inflationary pressures, interest rate fluctuations, our recovery and financial performance, the recovery and performance of our industry in general and the size, scope and timing of our financial needs.