Our business is increasingly dependent on critical, complex, and interdependent information technology systems, including internet-based systems, to support business processes as well as internal and external communications. Significant disruptions of information technology systems or breaches of data security could adversely affect our business. The size and complexity of our computer systems make us potentially vulnerable to IT system breakdowns, internal and external malicious intrusion, and computer viruses and ransomware, which may impact product production and key business processes. We also have outsourced significant elements of our information technology infrastructure and operations to third parties, which may allow them to access our confidential information and may also make our systems vulnerable to service interruptions or to security breaches from inadvertent or intentional actions by such third parties or others. In addition, our systems are potentially vulnerable to data security breaches, which may expose sensitive data to unauthorized persons. Data security breaches could lead to the loss of trade secrets or other intellectual property, result in demands for ransom or other forms of blackmail, or lead to the public exposure of personal information of our employees, clinical trial patients, customers, and others. We continue to make investments to improve the protection of data and information technology and to oversee and monitor the security measures of our suppliers and/or service providers. However, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent service interruptions or security breaches. Our business operations are subject to increasingly complex corporate governance, public disclosure, and accounting requirements and regulations that could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. The increasing use of social media could give rise to liability, breaches of data security, or reputational damage. We are subject to health care "fraud and abuse" laws, which may subject us to civil or criminal proceedings, investigations, or penalties. Our operations are subject to environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations, including those governing the use of hazardous materials. Compliance with these laws and regulations is costly, and we may incur substantial liability arising from our activities involving the use of hazardous materials. Our business is subject to changing rules and regulations of various federal and state governmental authorities as well as the stock exchange on which our common stock is listed. These entities have issued a significant number of new and increasingly complex requirements and regulations over the course of the last several years and continue to develop additional requirements and regulations. Changes in applicable federal and state laws and agency regulations could have a materially negative impact on our business, including changes in the FDA and foreign regulatory processes for new therapeutics that may delay or prevent the approval of any of our current or future product candidates. We rely on third-party collaborators and service providers to support the distribution of our marketed products and for many other related activities in connection with the commercialization of these marketed products. If any of our existing collaborators or service providers breaches or terminates its agreement with us or does not perform its development or manufacturing services under an agreement in a timely manner, we could experience additional costs, delays, and difficulties in the manufacture or development of, or in obtaining approval by regulatory authorities for, or successfully commercializing our product candidates. We have limited commercial capabilities outside the United States and would have to develop or outsource these capabilities for products commercialized under our antibody collaboration. If our collaborations with Sanofi or Bayer are terminated or breached, our ability to develop, manufacture, and commercialize certain of our products and product candidates would be materially harmed.