Our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the performance of our common stock may be adversely affected by a number of risk factors. We depend on the integrity, continuous availability, and consistent operations of information systems critical to our ability to operate and manage key aspects of our business, including processing transactions, tracking inventory flow, managing merchandise allocation and distribution logistics, generating performance and financial reports, and supporting merchandising decisions. We are currently making significant technology investments to improve or replace information processes and systems that are key to managing our business. The risk of system disruption is increased whenever significant system changes are undertaken, and poorly targeting opportunities or failing to make good investments could damage our competitive position and adversely impact our business and results of operations. Disruptions in our supply chain or in our information systems could impact our ability to process sales and deliver products to our stores in a timely and cost-effective manner. Information technology capabilities have been evolving to encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. We must monitor and choose sound investments and implement them at the right pace, as excessive rates of technological change could detract from the effectiveness of adoption and make it more difficult for us to realize benefits from new technology. Our information systems, including back-up systems, are subject to damage or interruption from various factors, including cyberattacks, which could disrupt our operations and damage our reputation. We rely on commercially available computer and telecommunications systems to process, transmit, and store payment card and other personal and confidential information, and to provide information or data security for those transactions. Cybercriminals may attempt to penetrate our information systems to misappropriate customer or business information, and despite security measures in place, our systems may be vulnerable to security breaches. A breach of our information or data security could result in damage to our reputation, loss of customer confidence, and expose us to civil claims, litigation, and regulatory action. We are also subject to risks associated with selling and importing merchandise produced in other countries, including compliance with various regulations and the potential for disruptions in our supply relationships. Our ability to effectively advertise and market our business could impact customer traffic and demand for our merchandise, and our operational risks include effectively managing our inventories, markdowns, and inventory shortages. We continually evaluate our current store locations and determine store closures based on market conditions and consumer demographics. Our growth strategy is based on successfully expanding our off-price model in current markets and in new geographic regions, and we believe our continued focus on these strategies will enable us to maximize our potential for both sales and profit growth. The ongoing challenges from the COVID-19 pandemic and related economic disruptions have significantly impacted our business operations and costs, and we are closely monitoring market share trends for the off-price industry. Our capital expenditures include costs related to investments in information technology systems, and we expect to fund these investments with available cash.