We rely on information technology systems to conduct our business, including recording and processing transactions, manufacturing and selling our products, researching and developing new products, maintaining and growing our competitive position, and supporting and communicating with our employees, customers, suppliers, and other vendors. Cybersecurity incidents and other disruptions to our information technology systems could interfere with our operations, result in the compromise or loss of critical and confidential information, and severely harm our business. Despite our efforts to prevent these threats and disruptions to our information technology systems, these systems may be affected by damage or interruption resulting from cyber attacks, security breaches, power outages, system failures, or malware. The risks are expected to continue to be magnified due to the increased reliance on information technology systems to conduct our business, including those used in furtherance of supporting remote and hybrid in-office work environments and managing our global operations. Disruptions to these systems may impair our ability to conduct business and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We continue to mitigate these risks in a number of ways, including through additional investment, engagement of third-party experts and consultants, improving the security of our facilities and systems, providing annual training for all employees, and strengthening our controls and procedures to monitor, mitigate, and respond appropriately to these threats. The domestic and international regulatory environment related to information security, collection, and privacy is increasingly rigorous and complex, with new and rapidly changing requirements applicable to our business, which often require changes to our business practices. Compliance with these requirements, including the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation, the California Consumer Privacy Act, and other international and domestic regulations, are costly and will result in additional costs in our efforts to continue to comply. Our ability to attract, retain, develop, and progress a qualified global workforce could adversely impact our business and impair our ability to meet our strategic objectives and the needs of our customers. Our continued success depends in part on our ability to identify, attract, and onboard qualified candidates with the requisite education, background, skills, and experience and our ability to retain, develop, progress, and engage qualified employees across our business, including our stores, fleet, manufacturing, research and development, information technology, corporate, and other operations and functions. Competition for talent is intense, and we are facing increased wage rates and labor shortages due to a tightened labor market and other macroeconomic conditions. Our business is sensitive to global and regional business and economic conditions. Adverse changes in such conditions may reduce the demand for some of our products, adversely impact our ability to predict and meet any future changes in the demand for our products, and impair the ability of those with whom we do business to satisfy their obligations to us. We expect inflationary pressure to impact consumer behavior, including in the United States and Europe housing markets, and as a result of elevated mortgage rates. Any such shift in consumer behavior could adversely affect the demand for some of our products and our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, or financial condition. Our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control, including public health crises, adverse weather conditions, supply chain disruptions, and changes in raw material and energy supplies and pricing.