We are a global technology company, and our non-US operations accounted for approximately 84% of our consolidated revenue in 2022. Our success depends in part on our ability to provide effective data security protection in connection with our digital technologies and services. We rely on information technology networks and systems for internal purposes, including secure data storage, processing, and transmission, as well as in our interactions with our business associates, such as customers and suppliers. Our digital technologies and services, and those of our business associates, are subject to the risk of cyberattacks. We have experienced and will continue to experience varying degrees of cyber incidents in the normal conduct of our business, including attacks resulting from phishing emails and ransomware infections. Unauthorized access to or modification of our customers' data, other external data, personal data, or our own data, as a result of a cyber incident, attack or exploitation of a security vulnerability, could result in significant damage to our reputation or disruption of the services we provide to our customers. We operate in a highly competitive environment. If we are unable to maintain technology leadership, this could adversely affect any competitive advantage we hold. The energy industry is highly competitive and rapidly evolving. Our business may be adversely affected if we fail to continue developing and producing innovative technologies in response to changes in the market, including customer and government requirements, or if we fail to deliver such technologies to our customers in a timely and cost-competitive manner. Our ability to maintain market share, defend, maintain, or increase prices for our products and services, and negotiate acceptable contract terms with our customers could be adversely affected. Furthermore, competing or new technologies may accelerate the obsolescence of our products or services and reduce the value of our intellectual property. Our operations are subject to cyber incidents that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our digital technologies and services are subject to the risk of cyberattacks, and we rely on information technology networks and systems for internal purposes, including secure data storage, processing, and transmission. Our long-term success depends on our ability to effectively address the energy transition, which will require adapting our technology portfolio to changing customer preferences and government requirements, developing solutions to decarbonize oil and gas operations, and scaling innovative low-carbon and carbon-neutral technologies. Our transition technologies portfolio revenue grew more than 30% year-on-year, and we project it will cross the $1 billion revenue mark in 2023. We have built one of the highest-quality oilfield services and equipment businesses in North America through the implementation of our returns-focused strategy. The combination of these effects will result in a very favorable mix for us with significant growth opportunities in our core, digital, and new energy, and we expect another year of very strong growth and margin expansion. The impact of loosening COVID-19 restrictions and an earlier than expected reopening of China could support further upside potential over 2023. Our digital and integration segment revenue increased 12% sequentially, propelled by increased asset performance solutions project activity and higher digital sales internationally. The digital and integration pretax operating margin expanded due to improved profitability in exploration data licensing and digital solutions. Our ability to effectively mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with, and leveraging the value of, other resources and capabilities is critical to our competitive positioning and overall firm performance.