The growth of our business depends primarily on the semiconductor and electronics industries. The increasing complexity of designs of SOCs, ICs, electronic systems, and customers' concerns about managing costs have previously led to, and in the future could lead to, a decrease in design starts and design activity in general. Demand for our products and services could decrease and our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected if growth in the semiconductor and electronics industries slows or stalls, including due to rising inflation and global interest rates, a continued or worsening global supply chain disruption, or the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Our customers frequently incorporate third-party IP, whether provided by us or other vendors, into their designs to improve the efficiency of their design process. We work closely with major foundries to ensure that our EDA, IP, and manufacturing solutions are compatible with their manufacturing processes. If we fail to optimize our EDA and IP solutions for use with major foundries' manufacturing processes or major IP providers' products, or if our access to such foundry processes or third-party IP products is hampered, then our solutions may become less desirable to our customers, resulting in an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. The industries in which we operate are highly competitive, with new competitors entering these markets both domestically and internationally. The demand for our products and services is dynamic and depends on a number of factors, including demand for our customers' products, design starts, and our customers' budgetary constraints. Technology in these industries evolves rapidly and is characterized by frequent product introductions and improvements as well as changes in industry standards and customer requirements. The adoption of cloud computing and artificial intelligence technologies can bring new demands and also challenges in terms of disruption to both business models and our existing technology offerings. Our customers and potential customers continue to demand an overall lower total cost of design, which can lead to the consolidation of their purchases with one vendor. In order to succeed in this environment, we must successfully meet our customers' technology requirements and increase the value of our products while also striving to reduce their overall costs and our own operating costs. We compete principally on the basis of technology, product quality and features, license or usage terms, post-contract customer support, interoperability among products, and price and payment terms. Our ability to anticipate and lead critical development cycles and technological shifts, innovate rapidly and efficiently, and improve our existing software and hardware products is essential. Our ability to enhance the value of our offerings through favorable terms such as expanded license usage, future purchase rights, and other differentiating rights is also critical. Furthermore, we must manage an efficient supply chain to ensure the availability of hardware products and compete on the basis of payment terms. If we fail to successfully manage these competitive factors, our business and financial condition will be adversely affected. The global nature of our operations exposes us to increased risks and compliance obligations that may adversely affect our business. We derive roughly half of our revenue from sales outside the United States, and we expect our orders and revenue to continue to depend on sales to customers outside the U.S. Our international operations and sales subject us to a number of increased risks, including ineffective or weaker legal protection of intellectual property rights, uncertain economic, legal, and political conditions, and government trade restrictions. A significant trade disruption or export restriction could reduce customer demand and cause customers to search for substitute products and services, making our products and services more expensive or unavailable for customers.