We rely extensively on information technology (IT) systems to conduct business. We depend on networks and services, including internet sites, cloud and software-as-a-service solutions, data hosting and processing facilities and tools and other hardware, software, and technical applications and platforms, some of which are managed, hosted, provided and/or used by third parties or their vendors, to assist in conducting our business. Numerous and evolving cybersecurity threats have posed, and will continue to pose, risks to the security of our IT systems, networks and product offerings, as well as the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data. A security breach, whether of our products, of our customers' network security and systems or of third-party hosting services, could impact the use of such products and the security of information stored therein. Although we have made investments seeking to address these threats, including monitoring of networks and systems, hiring of experts, employee training and security policies for employees and third-party providers, the techniques used in these attacks change frequently and may be difficult to detect for periods of time. We may face difficulties in anticipating and implementing adequate preventative measures. Our response to these incidents and our investments to protect our information technology infrastructure and data may not shield us from significant losses and potential liability or prevent any future interruption or breach of our systems. In addition, a greater number of our employees working remotely has exposed us, and may continue to expose us, to greater risks related to cybersecurity and cyber-liability. If our IT systems are damaged or cease to function properly, the networks or service providers we rely upon fail to function properly, or we or one of our third-party providers suffer a loss or disclosure of our business or stakeholder information due to any number of causes ranging from catastrophic events or power outages to improper data handling or security breaches and our business continuity plans do not effectively address these failures on a timely basis, we may be exposed to reputational, competitive and business harm as well as litigation and regulatory action. An inability to successfully manage the implementation of our new commercial global enterprise resource planning (ERP) system could adversely affect our operations and operating results. The implementation is a major undertaking, both financially and from a management and personnel perspective. Any disruptions, delays or deficiencies in the design and implementation of our new ERP system could adversely affect our ability to process orders, ship products, provide services and customer support, send invoices and track payments, fulfill contractual obligations or otherwise operate our business. We have experienced, and may continue to experience, inflationary increases in manufacturing costs and operating expenses, as well as negative impacts from weakening exchange rates against the United States dollar, and we may not be able to pass these cost increases on to our customers in a timely manner, which could have a material adverse impact on our profitability and results of operations. The ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine, and the global response to it, may adversely affect our business and results of operations, including increased threats of cyberattacks against United States companies, which could pose risks to the security of our information technology systems, networks and product offerings, as well as the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data. We are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could materially and adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations, including our reliance on information technology systems and the potential for cybersecurity incidents.