We recognize that most of these factors are beyond our ability to control and therefore we cannot predict an outcome. The covid-19 pandemic and resulting mitigation measures have caused, and may continue to cause, a negative effect on our operating results, including impacts on our customers' ability to pay for our products and services, and increased labor costs if the pandemic continues for an extended period. The continuing growth of IP-based services, especially when accessed by wireless devices, has created or potentially could create conflicting regulation between the FCC and various state and local authorities, which may involve lengthy litigation to resolve and may result in outcomes unfavorable to us. We must continually invest in our networks to improve our wireless and broadband services to meet increasing demand and changes in customer expectations while remaining competitive. Our focus is on supporting added customer value with an improved customer experience. We intend for these efficiencies to enable increased investments in our strategic areas of focus, which consist of improving broadband connectivity. We expect revenue growth in our wireless and broadband businesses as customers demand instant connectivity and higher speeds made possible by wireless network enhancements through 5G deployment and our fiber network expansion. We believe that our simplified go-to-market strategy for 5G in underpenetrated markets will continue to contribute to wireless subscriber and service revenue growth and that expansion of our fiber footprint will drive greater demand for broadband services. Our business strategies reflect bundled product offerings that cut across product lines and utilize shared assets. We are entering into a significant number of software licensing agreements and working with software developers to provide network functions in lieu of installing switches or other physical network equipment in order to respond to rapid developments in wireless demand. Our ability to respond will depend, among other things, on continued improvement in network quality and customer service and our ability to price our products and services competitively as well as effective marketing of attractive products and services. The software benefits of our 5G wireless technology should result in a more efficient use of capital and lower network-related expenses in the coming years. We continue to transform our operations to be more efficient and effective. We are restructuring businesses, sunsetting legacy networks, improving customer service and ordering functions through digital transformation, sizing our support costs and staffing with current activity levels, and reassessing overall benefit costs. Our operating costs, including customer acquisition and retention costs, could continue to put pressure on margins and customer retention levels. We expect the spending required to support growth initiatives, primarily our continued deployment of fiber and 5G to pressure expense trends. Our capital expenditures and vendor financing payments were elevated, reflecting strategic investments. We have spent, and plan to continue spending, significant capital and other resources on the ongoing development and deployment of our 5G and fiber wireline networks. Our ability to attract and retain customers, and therefore maintain and improve our operating margins, could be materially adversely affected if we cannot acquire needed spectrum or if our 5G and fiber offerings fail to gain acceptance in the marketplace.