Our ability to successfully differentiate ourselves depends on many competitive factors, including the effectiveness of our digital channels and fulfillment options, and our ability to create a personalized guest experience. The retail industry's continuing migration to digital channels and multiple fulfillment options for consumers has affected the ways we differentiate from other retailers. Providing multiple fulfillment options and implementing new technology is complex, costly, and may not meet our guests' expectations. We rely extensively on computing and information systems throughout our business, and our systems are subject to possible damage or interruption from many events, including power outages, telecommunications failures, malicious attacks, security breaches, and implementation errors. If our systems are damaged or disrupted, we may incur substantial costs, experience data loss or theft, and be unable to manage inventories or process guest transactions, which could adversely affect our reputation, results of operations, and financial condition. We continually invest to maintain and update our systems, but implementing significant changes increases the risk of system disruption. Problems and interruptions associated with implementing technology initiatives could adversely affect our operational efficiency and negatively impact our guests and their confidence in us. Our efforts to maintain information security, cybersecurity, and data privacy are critical, as unauthorized parties may attempt to gain access to our systems or facilities. We have programs in place to detect, contain, and respond to data security incidents; however, we may be unable to anticipate security incidents or implement adequate preventive measures. Our reliance on third parties to support our business operations, including portions of our technology infrastructure, digital platforms, replenishment and fulfillment operations, and payment processing, means that if we are unable to contract with third parties having the specialized skills needed to support our operations or if they fail to meet our performance standards, our reputation and results of operations could be adversely affected. We are making significant investments in technology and supply chain infrastructure, and the effectiveness of these investments can be less predictable than remodeling or building new stores. Our stores-as-hubs strategy depends on adequate replenishment facilities to receive, store, and move inventory to stores on a timely basis. Underestimating our replenishment capacity needs could result in lower in-stock levels or increased costs for temporary storage. Conversely, overestimating replenishment capacity needs could result in inefficient deployment of capital. Our ability to predict and adapt to changing consumer preferences depends on many factors, including obtaining accurate and relevant data on guest preferences, effectively managing our inventory levels, and implementing competitive and effective pricing and promotion strategies. The long-term impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic have amplified our reliance on computing and information systems and unimpeded internet access. We believe that our ability to successfully differentiate our guests' shopping experience through a careful combination of merchandise assortment, price, convenience, guest experience, and other factors will drive both increasing shopping frequency and the amount spent each visit. Our continued success is dependent on positive perceptions of our brand, which could be adversely affected by negative incidents involving us or our workforce. We have established various goals and initiatives regarding environmental, social, and governance matters, and any failure to achieve these goals could adversely affect our reputation and results of operations.