We face significant competition in our industries, and our ability to compete effectively will depend on, among other things, our network quality, capacity and coverage, the pricing of our products and services, the quality of our customer service, our development of new and enhanced products and services, and our capital resources. Our strategy requires significant capital investments primarily to acquire wireless spectrum, put the spectrum into service, provide additional capacity for growth in our networks, invest in the fiber that supports our businesses, evolve and maintain our networks, and develop and maintain significant advanced information technology systems and data system capabilities. We are consistently deploying new network architecture and technologies to secure our leadership in both fourth-generation (4G) and fifth-generation (5G) wireless networks. We expect that our next-generation multi-use platform, which we call the intelligent edge network, will simplify operations by eliminating legacy network elements, speed the deployment of 5G wireless technology, and create new opportunities in the business market in a cost-efficient manner. Our network leadership is the hallmark of our brand and the foundation for the connectivity, platforms, and solutions upon which we build our competitive advantage. We believe that our investments aimed at expanding our portfolio of products and services will provide our customers with an efficient, reliable infrastructure for competing in the information economy. We are transforming the architecture of our networks into our intelligent edge network, providing improved efficiency and virtualization, increased automation, and opportunities for edge computing services that will support our fiber-based and radio access network technologies. We expect that this new architecture will simplify operations by eliminating legacy network elements, speed the deployment of 5G wireless technology, and create new opportunities in the business market in a cost-efficient manner. Our presence in the IoT industry, which includes offerings of telematics products and services, could also increase our exposure to potential costs and expenses and reputational harm in the event of cyber attacks impacting these products or services. Our business operations are subject to interruption by power outages, acts of war, terrorist or other hostile acts, natural disasters, or the potential impacts of climate change, including the increasing prevalence and intensity of hurricanes, wildfires, flooding, hail, and storms. We depend on key suppliers and vendors to provide equipment that we need to operate our business. We expect to continue to grow our Fios internet connections as we seek to increase our penetration rates within our Fios service areas, further supported by the demand for higher speed internet connections. We will continue to focus on cost efficiencies to allow us to have flexibility to adjust to changes in the competitive and economic environments and increase shareholder value. We expect that our capital spending requirements will continue to be financed primarily through internally generated funds. We expect to continue to adapt to future changes in technology, enhance our existing offerings, and introduce new offerings to address our customers' changing demands. Our ability to operate and use our networks and systems or those of our suppliers, vendors, and other service providers as a result of cyber attacks may result in significant expenses and/or a loss of market share to our competitors. We believe that this inflationary environment and the resulting decline in real wages in the U.S. are altering consumer preferences and causing consumers to become more price conscious.