In an effort to keep stockholders and the public informed about our business, we may make forward-looking statements regarding future results of operations, including revenues, earnings, or cash flows, which depend on our ability to implement our business strategy successfully. A key element of our strategy is yield management through a focus on price leadership, which has presented challenges to keep existing business and win new business at reasonable returns. We may be unsuccessful in implementing our technology-led automation and optimization strategy and other improvements to operational efficiency, which may not yield the intended result. Our ability to make strategic acquisitions depends on our ability to identify desirable acquisition targets and negotiate advantageous transactions despite competition for such opportunities. Additionally, we may experience issues successfully integrating acquisitions into our internal controls, operations, and accounting systems. Our operations require us to attract, hire, develop, and retain a high-quality workforce to provide a superior customer experience, including key individuals in leadership and specialty roles, as well as a large number of drivers and technicians necessary to provide our environmental services. We are increasingly focused on our automation and optimization investments to enhance our operational efficiency and change the way we interact with our customers. We remain committed to investing in technology that prioritizes the reduction of labor dependency for certain high-turnover jobs, further digitalizing our customer self-service, and implementing technologies to enhance the safety, reliability, and efficiency of our collection operations. Our strategic focus on investing in our people and our digital platform will give us the necessary tools to address the evolving challenges impacting the company and our industry. We implemented a new general ledger accounting system, complementary finance enterprise resource planning system, and a human capital management system, which will drive operational and service excellence by empowering our people through a modern, simplified, and connected employee experience. Our business is directly affected by changes in national and general economic factors, including consumer confidence, inflation, interest rates, and access to capital markets. We continue to assess the physical risks associated with climate change and the transition risks, such as regulatory, market, policy, and technology changes. Our company is increasingly focusing on new technologies that automate and innovate our operations, improve the customer experience, and provide alternatives to traditional disposal. We are committed to continuously monitor and further develop our networks and infrastructure to prevent, detect, and address the risk of unauthorized access and other events. Our business necessitates the storage and transmission of numerous classes of sensitive information, and we are regularly the target of attempted cyber intrusions, which require significant resources to address. We maintain insurance for cyber incidents; however, such insurance may not be adequate to cover all liabilities incurred. Our strategic investments in technology are intended to further our sustainability leadership position by increasing recycling volumes and growing renewable natural gas generation. We expect to spend significantly on capital expenditures to support our normal course business and on growth projects in recycling and renewable energy.