The reports, filings, and other public announcements of Williams may contain statements that do not directly or exclusively relate to historical facts, including forward-looking statements regarding management's plans and objectives for future operations, business prospects, and outcomes of regulatory proceedings. Our operations are subject to the risk of loss resulting from nonpayment and/or nonperformance by our customers and counterparties, which is critical in assessing our credit risk management and operational efficiency. We rely on our information technology infrastructure to process, transmit, and store electronic information, including information we use to safely operate our assets. Our board of directors has oversight responsibility regarding assessment of the major risks inherent in our business, including cybersecurity risks, and reviews management's efforts to address and mitigate such risks, including the establishment and implementation of policies to address cybersecurity threats. We have invested, and expect to continue to invest, significant time, manpower, and capital in our information technology infrastructure. However, the age, operating systems, or condition of our current information technology infrastructure and software assets could affect our ability to resist cybersecurity threats. We face unlawful attempts to gain access to our information technology infrastructure, including coordinated attacks from hackers, which could result in the disclosure of personal or proprietary information and harm our reputation. We also face attempts to gain access to information related to our assets through unauthorized access targeting individuals with legitimate access. The breach of our information technology infrastructure could result in damage to or destruction of our assets, unnecessary waste, safety incidents, reputational damage, potential liability, and have a material adverse effect on our operations, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Our growth capital and investment expenditures are expected to be in a range from $1.40 billion to $1.70 billion, which includes projects supporting growth in the haynesville basin and investments in the development of our upstream oil and gas properties. We continue to maintain a strong commitment to safety, environmental stewardship, operational excellence, and customer satisfaction, which are critical for our business strategy alignment. Our ability to effectively execute our financing plan and manage our growth is dependent on our operational flexibility and the successful integration of acquired businesses and assets. Our industry is highly competitive, and increased competitive pressure could adversely affect our business and operating results. The ongoing strategy of our midstream operations is to safely and reliably operate large-scale midstream infrastructure, where our assets can be fully utilized and drive low per-unit costs. We focus on consistently attracting new business by providing highly reliable service to our customers, which is essential for maintaining our market-based performance and competitive advantage. Our operations are conducted, managed, and presented within various reportable segments, and we evaluate segment operating performance based upon modified EBITDA, which provides an enhanced perspective of the operating performance of our assets.