Our strategy, which includes investments in ecommerce, technology, talent, supply chain automation, acquisitions, joint ventures, store remodels and other customer initiatives, may not adequately or effectively allow us to continue to grow our ecommerce business, increase comparable sales, maintain or grow our overall market position or otherwise offset the impact on the growth of our business of a moderated pace of new store and club openings. The success of this strategy will depend in large measure on our ability to continue building and delivering a seamless omni-channel shopping experience and interconnected ecosystem for our customers that deepens and maintains our relationships with our customers across our various businesses and partnerships and reinforces our overall enterprise strategy. We rely extensively on information and financial systems to process transactions, summarize results and manage our business. Our information systems are essential to our business operations, including the processing of transactions, management of our associates, facilities, logistics, inventories, physical stores and clubs and our online operations. Given the number of individual transactions we have each year, it is crucial that we maintain uninterrupted operation of our business-critical information systems. Our information systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, worms, other malicious computer programs, denial-of-service attacks, security incidents and breaches, catastrophic events such as fires, major or extended winter storms, tornadoes, earthquakes and hurricanes, usage errors by our associates or contractors, civil or political unrest, or armed hostilities. If our systems are damaged, breached, attacked, interrupted, or otherwise cease to function properly, we may have to make a significant investment to repair or replace them, and may experience loss or corruption of critical data as well as suffer interruptions in our business operations in the interim. Any interruption to our information systems may have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. We must anticipate and meet our customers' changing expectations while adjusting for technology investments and developments in our competitors' operations through focusing on the building and delivery of a seamless shopping experience across all channels by each operating segment. Furthermore, the various technology systems and services on which we rely are provided and managed by third-party service providers. To the extent either our or such other third-party systems and services do not perform or function as anticipated, whether because of an inherent flaw in the technology or a faulty implementation, such failure can significantly interfere with our ability to meet our customers' changing expectations. Our digital platforms, which are increasingly important to our business and continue to grow in complexity and scope, and the systems on which they run, including those applications and systems used in our acquired ecommerce, technology or other businesses, are regularly subject to cyberattacks. Cyber threats are rapidly evolving and those threats and the means for obtaining access to information in digital and other storage media are becoming increasingly sophisticated and frequent. We expect to continue to experience such attempted attacks in the future. Cyberattacks and threat actors can be sponsored by particular countries or sophisticated criminal organizations or be the work of hackers with a wide range of motives and expertise. Our operations in the U.S. comprise a significant portion of our financial and operational performance. Therefore, any of the above matters that uniquely impact or are specifically concentrated in the U.S. could materially adversely affect our financial and operational performance.