In addition to the other information set forth in this 2022 annual report, any of the factors described below could materially adversely affect our operating results, financial condition and liquidity, which could cause the trading price of our securities to decline. Our results of operations are dependent upon the success of our top-selling products. The animal health industry is highly competitive, and many of our competitors are conducting R&D activities in areas served by our products and in areas in which we are developing products. Our investments in one of the industry's largest sales organizations, including our extensive network of technical and veterinary operations specialists, our high-quality manufacturing and reliability of supply, and our long track record of developing products that meet customer needs, has led to enduring and valued relationships with our customers. We have been investing in data and digital capabilities and have expanded our diagnostics portfolio, and as a result, we possess and process an increasing amount of personal data. Our collection, use, retention, storage, and sharing of personal data is subject to a variety of data privacy laws and regulations in the United States and other regions where we operate. We rely on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of complex information technology systems to manage our operations, to process, transmit and store electronic and financial information, and to comply with regulatory, legal and tax requirements. System failures or outages could compromise our ability to perform these functions in a timely manner, which could harm our ability to conduct business, hurt our relationships with our customers, or delay our financial reporting. We depend on third parties and applications on virtualized (cloud) infrastructure to operate and support our information systems. Cyber-attacks are increasing in their frequency, sophistication and intensity, and have become increasingly difficult to detect. Cyber-attacks could include wrongful conduct by hostile foreign governments, industrial espionage, the deployment of harmful malware, ransomware, denial-of-service attacks, and other means to threaten data confidentiality, integrity and availability. The costs imposed on us as a result of a cyberattack or network disruption could be significant. We may be unable to adequately protect our information technology systems from cyber-attacks, breaches of security or misappropriation of data, which could result in the disclosure of confidential information, damage our reputation, and subject us to significant financial and legal exposure. Our operations and reputation may be impacted if we do not comply with continually changing laws and regulations regarding data privacy. We have procedures to monitor and limit exposure to credit and collectability risk and have defensive measures in place to prevent and mitigate cyberattacks, but there can be no assurances that such procedures and measures will effectively limit such risks and avoid losses. Our ability to achieve any goal or objective, including with respect to environmental and diversity initiatives, is subject to numerous risks, many of which are outside of our control. We believe that animal health customers value high-quality manufacturing and reliability of supply. The importance of quality and safety concerns to pet owners, veterinarians and livestock producers also contributes to animal health brand loyalty. Our manufacturing network may be unable to meet the demand for our products or we may have excess capacity if demand for our products changes. The unpredictability of a product's regulatory or commercial success or failure, the lead time necessary to construct highly technical and complex manufacturing sites, and shifting customer demand increase the potential for capacity imbalances.