The Company operates in an environment “characterized by both increasing complexity in global security and continuing economic pressures,” to which it responds by focusing on program execution and “improving the quality and predictability of the delivery of our products and services,” while “placing security capability quickly into the hands of our U.S. and international customers at affordable prices.” Recognizing that its “customers are resource constrained,” management is “endeavoring to develop and extend our portfolio domestically in a disciplined manner with a focus on adjacent markets close to our core capabilities, as well as growing our international sales,” and continues to “focus on affordability initiatives.” To preserve operating performance under budget uncertainty and “sequestration” risk, the Company “invest[s] in technologies to fulfill new mission requirements” and “invest[s] in our people” to ensure needed technical skills, while returning free cash flow to investors. The Company seeks to “lessen our dependence on contracts with the U.S. government by focusing on expanding into adjacent markets” and “growing international sales,” and mitigates contract fragmentation and price‐based competition by expanding in‐country presences, partnerships and joint technology offices, notably on the F-35 program where “the U.S. government and the eight partner countries continue to work together on the design, testing, production and sustainment” of the aircraft. Its use of concurrent development and production contracts “tests aircraft, shortens the time to field systems, and achieves overall cost savings.” The Company continuously “identifies and monitors risks to the achievement of the technical, schedule and cost aspects of the contract,” employing percentage‐of‐completion accounting to adjust profit booking rates as risks retire or emerge, and engages in “internal realignments … to more fully leverage existing capabilities and enhance development and delivery,” as well as selective acquisitions to “expand or complement our current portfolio and allow access to new customers or technologies.” Environmental and pension obligations are managed under U.S. government cost accounting standards and recovered through contract pricing, reflecting a systemic approach to absorb strain, maintain integrity and preserve performance under adverse and exceptional conditions.