In preparing our consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC, we make assumptions, judgments, and estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. We believe that the assumptions, judgments, and estimates involved in the accounting for business combinations and income taxes have the greatest potential impact on our consolidated financial statements. We continuously evaluate our assumptions, judgments, and estimates, which reflects our organizational capabilities to adapt to changing circumstances. Our strategy with Creative Cloud is designed to enable us to increase our revenue with users, attract more new customers, and grow our recurring and predictable revenue stream that is recognized ratably, demonstrating our operational flexibility and responsiveness to market demands. We have made significant investments to broaden the scale and size of all of these routes to market, which reflects our commitment to maintaining organizational health and resilience in a competitive landscape. Our digital experience segment provides comprehensive solutions that enable marketers to measure, personalize, and optimize marketing campaigns and digital experiences across channels for optimal marketing performance, showcasing our capacity for service innovation and adaptation to external pressures. The increase in subscription revenue across our offerings is indicative of our ability to foresee and respond effectively to environmental disruptions, thereby enhancing our competitive advantage. We expect that the addition of marketo and magento, and continued demand across our portfolio of Adobe Experience Cloud solutions, will drive revenue growth in future years, which aligns with our strategic initiatives for resilience and transformation. Our hierarchy of solutions in the digital experience segment consists of offerings that enable businesses to differentiate their brands and engage their customers, which is essential for sustaining performance under pressure. We have established reserves for income taxes to address potential exposures involving tax positions that could be challenged by tax authorities, reflecting our proactive measures in risk management and crisis response. We believe that investments in research and development, including the recruiting and hiring of software developers, are critical to remain competitive in the marketplace and are directly related to continued timely development of new and enhanced offerings and solutions, which is vital for organizational survival and adaptability. Our cash flows from operating activities reflect our ability to generate resources necessary for operational continuity and strategic response to market changes. The increase in deferred revenue was primarily due to increased subscriptions for our Creative Cloud offerings and increases in digital experience hosted services, indicating our capacity for resource generation and management in response to customer needs. We expect to continue our investing activities, including short-term and long-term investments, venture capital, and strategic acquisitions that are complementary to our business, which underscores our commitment to organizational evolution and resilience in a turbulent market environment.