We innovate by anticipating how the world of work is transforming and how trends, such as the rising of the gig economy, impact the needs of our clients and the evolving workforce. We are reshaping the HCM industry through organic innovative development such as our next-gen platforms and our strategic acquisitions. Our focus translated into strong retention on our strategic platforms and as a result, we saw employer services revenue retention improve 50 basis points during fiscal 2018 as compared to fiscal 2017. Building upon our service alignment initiative in support of our transformation goals, we are executing upon a voluntary early retirement program and have also identified additional operational improvement initiatives through the formation of our transformation office. These transformation initiatives support our ongoing strategy which is aimed at streamlining our operations and extending our world-class distribution while leveraging our talent and culture. We have a strong business model and operate in a growing global market. We continue to maintain a high percentage of recurring revenues and healthy margins, and retain our ability to generate consistent healthy cash flows. Our financial condition and balance sheet remain solid, with cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities of approximately $2.2 billion. We have benefited from the tax cuts and jobs act signed into law in late December 2017. With this increased operating cash flow and greater access to our cash worldwide, we will continue our disciplined approach to capital allocation decisions, including assessing reinvestments into the business, potential acquisitions, and/or returning cash to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks. Our revenue growth includes two percentage points of combined benefit from foreign currency and acquisitions, partially offset by the impact of the disposition of our Cobra and CHSA businesses. The increase in revenues was due to new business started from new business bookings. We have consistently maintained the required level of client funds assets to satisfy all of our obligations. There are inherent risks and uncertainties involving our investment strategy relating to our client funds assets. Such risks include liquidity risk, including the risk associated with our ability to liquidate, if necessary, our available-for-sale securities in a timely manner in order to satisfy our client funds obligations. However, our investments are made with the safety of principal, liquidity, and diversification as the primary goals to minimize the risk of not having sufficient funds to satisfy all of our client funds obligations. We believe we have significantly reduced the risk of not having sufficient funds to satisfy our client funds obligations by consistently maintaining access to other sources of liquidity, including our corporate cash balances, available borrowings under our commercial paper program, our ability to engage in reverse repurchase transactions, and available borrowings under our committed credit facilities. We remain focused on delivering results and executing on our strategy to transform our business for continued success within the competitive global HCM environment. Our ability to absorb strain and preserve or improve functioning despite the presence of adversity is reflected in our operational and selling efficiencies. The ongoing transformation initiatives are designed to enhance our organizational resilience, ensuring we can adapt to external pressures and maintain performance under varying conditions.