We believe that one of our major strengths is our ability to deliver comprehensively structured insurance and risk management services to our clients. Our brokers, agents, and administrators act as intermediaries between underwriting enterprises and our clients and we do not assume net underwriting risks. We expect to continue to expand our international operations through both acquisitions and organic growth. We have three reportable segments: brokerage, risk management, and corporate, which contributed approximately 61%, 14%, and 25%, respectively, to 2018 revenues. Our brokerage segment generates revenues by identifying, negotiating, and placing all forms of insurance or reinsurance coverage, as well as providing risk-shifting, risk-sharing, and risk-mitigation consulting services. We also provide management and administrative services to captives, pools, risk-retention groups, healthcare exchanges, and small underwriting enterprises. Our risk management segment operations provide contract claim settlement, claim administration, loss control services, and risk management consulting for various organizations that choose to self-insure property/casualty coverages. We believe that our cash flows from operations and borrowings under our credit agreement will provide us with adequate resources to meet our liquidity needs in the foreseeable future. We have made significant investments in clean energy operations capable of producing refined coal that we believe qualifies for tax credits under IRC section 45. Our current estimate of the 2019 annual net after-tax earnings, including IRC section 45 tax credits, which will be produced from all of our clean energy investments in 2019, is $105.0 million to $115.0 million. We anticipate positive net cash flow related to IRC section 45 activity in 2019. We have historically viewed organic revenue growth as an important indicator when assessing and evaluating the performance of our brokerage and risk management segments. Our history of strong new business generation, solid retentions, and enhanced value-added services for our carrier partners should all result in further organic growth opportunities around the world. We expect that our international revenue as a percentage of our total revenues in 2019 will be comparable to 2018. We believe that in a stable to modestly positive rate environment with growing exposure units, our professionals can demonstrate their expertise and high-quality, value-added capabilities by strengthening our clients' insurance portfolios. The insurance brokerage industry is not capital intensive. Historically, our capital requirements have primarily included dividend payments on our common stock, repurchases of our common stock, funding of our investments, acquisitions of brokerage and risk management operations, and capital expenditures. We believe that our cash flows from operations and borrowings under our credit agreement will provide us with adequate resources to meet our liquidity needs in the foreseeable future. We expect to use the additional cash flow generated by these earnings to continue our mergers and acquisition strategy in our core brokerage and risk management operations. Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, which require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. We believe the following significant accounting policies may involve a higher degree of judgment and complexity. We have a secured revolving loan facility that provides funding for our premium finance subsidiaries. The primary source of revenues for our brokerage services is commissions from underwriting enterprises, based on a percentage of premiums paid by our clients, or fees received from clients based on an agreed level of service usually in lieu of commissions.