We report our results in five segments: U.S. property, Asia property, EMEA property, Latin America property, and services. Our primary business is the leasing of space on communications sites to wireless service providers, radio and television broadcast companies, wireless data providers, government agencies, and municipalities. The vast majority of the revenue generated by our property operations during the year ended December 31, 2018, was recurring revenue, which we should continue to receive in future periods. We expect to generate nearly $35 billion of non-cancellable tenant lease revenue over future periods. Most of our tenant leases have provisions that periodically increase the rent due under the lease, typically based on an annual fixed escalation or an inflationary index in our international markets. Revenue lost from cancellations or non-renewal of leases historically has not had a material adverse effect on the revenues generated by our consolidated property operations. We experienced an increase in revenue lost from cancellations or non-renewals primarily due to carrier consolidation-driven churn in India, which we expect will continue to impact our revenues. Our diversified communications site portfolio allows us to adapt to market changes and maintain operational flexibility. We believe that our site leasing revenue is likely to increase due to the growing use of wireless services globally and our ability to meet the corresponding incremental demand for our communications real estate. By adding new tenants and new equipment for existing tenants on our sites, we are able to increase these sites' utilization and profitability. Our established tenant base provides us with new business opportunities, which have historically resulted in consistent and predictable organic revenue growth. We continue to evaluate opportunities to acquire communications real estate portfolios to determine whether they meet our risk-adjusted hurdle rates and whether we believe we can effectively integrate them into our existing portfolio. The deployment of advanced mobile technology, such as 4G and 5G, across existing wireless networks will provide higher speed data services and further enable fixed broadband substitution. We expect that our tenants will continue deploying additional equipment across their existing networks. Wireless service providers compete based on the quality of their existing networks, which is driven by capacity and coverage. To maintain or improve their network performance as overall network usage increases, our tenants continue deploying additional equipment across their existing sites while also adding new cell sites. We anticipate increasing network densification over the next several years, as existing network infrastructure is anticipated to be insufficient to account for rapidly increasing levels of wireless data usage. We believe that consistent carrier network investments across our international markets position us to generate meaningful organic revenue growth going forward. Our ability to lease additional space on our sites is primarily a function of the rate at which wireless carriers and other tenants deploy capital to improve and expand their wireless networks. This rate is influenced by the growth of wireless services, the penetration of advanced wireless devices, and general economic conditions. We expect to continue to supplement our organic growth by selectively developing or acquiring new sites in our existing and new markets where we can achieve our risk-adjusted return on investment objectives.