Our financial focus is on long-term, sustainable growth in free cash flows. We seek to increase unit sales across our stores through increased product selection, across numerous product categories. We also offer other services such as compute, storage, and database offerings, fulfillment, publishing, digital content subscriptions, and advertising. We seek to reduce our variable costs per unit and work to leverage our fixed costs. To minimize growth in fixed costs, we seek to improve process efficiencies and maintain a lean culture. We expect variability in inventory turnover over time since it is affected by numerous factors, including our continuing focus on in-stock inventory availability and selection of product offerings. Our technology and content investment and capital spending projects often support a variety of product and service offerings due to geographic expansion and the cross-functionality of our systems and operations. We seek to invest efficiently in several areas of technology and content, including AWS, and expansion of new and existing product categories and service offerings. We believe that advances in technology will continue to improve the consumer experience on the internet and increase its ubiquity in people's lives. We seek to efficiently manage shareholder dilution while maintaining the flexibility to issue shares for strategic purposes, such as financings, acquisitions, and aligning employee compensation with shareholders' interests. We believe that cash flows generated from operations and our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities balances, as well as our borrowing arrangements, will be sufficient to meet our anticipated operating cash needs for at least the next 12 months. However, any projections of future cash needs and cash flows are subject to substantial uncertainty. We continually evaluate opportunities to sell additional equity or debt securities, obtain credit facilities, obtain capital, finance, and operating lease arrangements, repurchase common stock, pay dividends, or repurchase, refinance, or otherwise restructure our debt for strategic reasons or to further strengthen our financial position. Our results reflect the operations of Whole Foods Market from the date of acquisition in August 2017. We seek to expand our fulfillment network to accommodate a greater selection and in-stock inventory levels and to meet anticipated shipment volumes from sales of our own products as well as sales by third parties for which we provide the fulfillment services. We regularly evaluate our facility requirements. We direct customers to our stores primarily through a number of targeted online marketing channels, such as our sponsored search, third-party customer referrals, social and online advertising, television advertising, and other initiatives. We expect spending in technology and content will increase over time as we add computer scientists, designers, software and hardware engineers, and merchandising employees. We seek to invest efficiently in numerous areas of technology and content so we may continue to enhance the customer experience and improve our process efficiency through rapid technology developments, while operating at an ever-increasing scale. We believe that offering low prices to our customers is fundamental to our future success, and one way we offer lower prices is through shipping offers. We seek to mitigate costs of shipping over time in part through achieving higher sales volumes, optimizing our fulfillment network, negotiating better terms with our suppliers, and achieving better operating efficiencies.