The company believes that its global presence is an important competitive advantage as it allows the company to provide quality products on a timely and worldwide basis to its multinational customers. The company's strategy is to provide its customers with comprehensive design capabilities, a broad selection of products and a high level of service on a worldwide basis while maintaining continuing programs of productivity improvement and cost control. The company focuses its research and development efforts through close collaboration with its customers to develop highly-engineered products that meet customer needs and have the potential for broad market applications and significant sales within a one- to three-year period. The company has focused its global resources to position itself to compete effectively in this environment. The ability to generate cash from operating activities is one of the company's fundamental financial strengths. The company uses cash generated from operations to fund capital expenditures and acquisitions, repurchase shares of its common stock, pay dividends and reduce indebtedness. The company believes that its cash, cash equivalents and short-term investment position on hand, ability to generate future cash flow from operations, availability under its credit facilities, and access to capital markets provide adequate liquidity to meet its obligations for the next twelve months. The company's primary ongoing cash requirements will be for operating and capital expenditures, product development activities, repurchases of its common stock, funding of pension obligations, dividends, debt service, and payments associated with the transition tax. The company strives to offset the impact of increases in the cost of raw materials, labor and services through price increases, productivity improvements and cost-saving programs. The company attempts to minimize currency exposure risk in a number of ways including producing its products in the same country or region in which the products are sold, thereby generating revenues and incurring expenses in the same currency. The company has significant flexibility to meet its financial commitments. The company uses debt financing to lower the overall cost of capital and increase return on stockholders' equity. The company intends to evaluate certain post-2018 earnings for distribution, and accrue for those distributions where appropriate, and to indefinitely reinvest all other foreign earnings. The company has recorded a provisional tax charge related to the deemed repatriation of the accumulated unremitted earnings and profits of foreign subsidiaries. The company has a commercial paper program pursuant to which it issues short-term unsecured commercial paper notes. The company has outstanding senior notes that rank equally in right of payment with the company's other unsecured senior indebtedness. The company has recorded liabilities related to unrecognized tax benefits. The company believes that its operations are currently in substantial compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations and that the costs of continuing compliance will not have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. The company has focused on controlling costs by investing in modern manufacturing technologies, controlling purchasing processes, and expanding into lower-cost areas. The company has a strong focus on innovation and operational flexibility to adapt to changing market conditions and customer needs. The company’s strategic objective is to further enhance its position in its served markets by pursuing broad diversification and developing performance-enhancing interconnect solutions. The company believes that its ability to adapt and respond to market changes is crucial for maintaining competitive advantage and organizational resilience.