The demand for our semiconductor products has been affected in the past, and is likely to continue to be affected in the future, by various factors, including general economic and market conditions in the semiconductor industry and in our target markets, our ability to define specifications for, develop or acquire, complete, introduce and market new products and technologies in a cost-effective and timely manner, and the timing, rescheduling or cancellation of expected customer orders. Uncertainty in global economic conditions pose significant risks to our business. For example, customers may defer purchases in response to tighter credit and negative financial news, which would in turn adversely affect product demand and our results of operations. Our overall net revenue, as well as the percentage of total net revenue generated by sales in each of our segments, has varied from quarter to quarter, due largely to fluctuations in end-market demand, including the effects of seasonality. We believe our aggregate sales to our top five end customers through all channels accounted for more than 40% of our net revenue for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2017. The loss of, or significant decrease in demand from, any of our top five end customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We have structured our operations to maximize the benefit from tax incentives extended to us in various jurisdictions to encourage investment or employment. Our interpretations and conclusions regarding the tax incentives are not binding on any taxing authority, and if our assumptions about tax and other laws are incorrect or if these tax incentives are substantially modified or rescinded we could suffer material adverse tax and other financial consequences, which would increase our expenses, reduce our profitability and adversely affect our cash flows. Our critical accounting policies are those that affect our historical financial statements materially and involve difficult, subjective or complex judgments by management. Those policies include revenue recognition, business combinations, valuation of long-lived assets, intangible assets and goodwill, inventory valuation, income taxes, retirement and post-retirement benefit plan assumptions, stock-based compensation and employee bonus programs. We regularly review inventory quantities on hand and record a provision for excess and obsolete inventory based primarily on our forecast of product demand and production requirements. Demand for our products can fluctuate significantly from period to period. A significant decrease in demand could result in an increase in the amount of excess inventory quantities on hand. Additionally, our industry is characterized by rapid technological change, frequent new product development and rapid product obsolescence that could result in an increase in the amount of obsolete inventory quantities on hand. Our ability to fund these requirements will depend, in part, on our future cash flows, which are determined by our future operating performance and, therefore, subject to prevailing global macroeconomic conditions and financial, business and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. Our capital expenditures for fiscal year 2018 were lower than fiscal year 2017, due primarily to completion of construction at our Irvine and San Jose campuses. We expect capital expenditures to be lower in fiscal year 2019 as compared to fiscal year 2018. Our debt and liquidity needs increased as a result of completing the CA merger. We believe that our cash and cash equivalents on hand, cash flows from operations, and the revolving credit facility that we established in connection with the debt funding of the CA merger, will provide sufficient liquidity to operate our business and fund our current and assumed obligations for at least the next 12 months.