We are the nation's leading retailer and a leading distributor of automotive replacement parts and accessories in the United States. Our business is impacted by various factors within the economy that affect both our consumer and our industry, including but not limited to fuel costs, wage rates, and other economic conditions. Given the unpredictability of gas prices, we cannot predict whether gas prices will increase or decrease, nor can we predict how any future changes in gas prices will impact our sales in future periods. We have also experienced accelerated pressure on wages in the United States during fiscal 2018. Our primary response to fluctuations in the demand for the products we sell is to adjust our advertising message, store staffing, and product assortment. In recent years, we closely studied our hub distribution model, store inventory levels, and product assortment, which led to strategic tests on increased frequency of delivery to our domestic stores. Our sales mix can be impacted by severe or unusual weather over a short-term period. Over the long term, we believe the impact of the weather on our sales mix is not significant. The two statistics we believe have the closest correlation to our market growth over the long term are miles driven and the number of seven-year-old or older vehicles on the road. We expect the aging vehicle population to continue to increase as consumers keep their cars longer in an effort to save money. As the number of seven-year-old or older vehicles on the road increases, we expect an increase in demand for the products we sell. We reported a total auto parts segment sales increase of 4.1% for fiscal 2018. This growth was driven primarily by net sales from new domestic stores and a domestic same-store sales increase. Our investments are expected to be directed primarily to new locations, supply chain infrastructure, enhancements to existing locations, and investments in technology. We plan to continue leveraging our inventory purchases; however, our ability to do so may be limited by our vendors' capacity to factor their receivables from us. Many of our vendors have supported our initiative to update our product assortments by providing extended payment terms. We anticipate that we will be able to obtain financing in view of our credit ratings and favorable experiences in the debt markets in the past. Our cash flows from operations are favorable compared to last year primarily due to the timing of payment of accounts payable and growth in net income due to the benefits of tax reform. Our self-insurance reserve estimates totaled $223.0 million at August 25, 2018, and this change is primarily reflective of our growing operations, including inflation, increases in healthcare costs, and the number of vehicles. Our management believes that the various assumptions developed and actuarial methods used to determine our self-insurance reserves are reasonable and provide meaningful data and information that management uses to make its best estimate of our exposure to these risks. We regularly review our tax reserves for uncertain tax positions and assess the adequacy of the amount we have recorded. Our operations are somewhat seasonal in nature, with the highest sales typically occurring in the spring and summer months. During short periods of time, a store's sales can be affected by weather conditions. We utilize various methods to estimate the cost to settle reported claims and claims incurred but not yet reported. Our experience is that at this point in a vehicle's life, most vehicles are not covered by warranties, and increased maintenance is needed to keep the vehicle operating.