The corporation's management may make certain statements that constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements represent the corporation's current expectations, plans, or forecasts of its future results, revenues, expenses, and other future matters, and involve certain known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict and often beyond the corporation's control. The corporation has implemented changes to its operating model in response to the U.K. exit from the EU, expected to enable continued servicing of clients with minimal disruption, retain operational flexibility, minimize transition risks, and maximize legal entity efficiencies. The corporation has established an enterprise-wide initiative to identify, assess, and monitor risks associated with the potential discontinuation or unavailability of benchmarks, including LIBOR, and the transition to alternative reference rates. The corporation's risk management framework includes a comprehensive approach to managing strategic, credit, market, liquidity, compliance, operational, and reputational risks, which are essential for maintaining organizational resilience. The corporation's strategic plan takes into consideration return objectives and financial resources, aligning with risk capacity and risk appetite. The corporation's overall capacity to take risk is limited, prioritizing risks to maintain a strong and flexible financial position to withstand challenging economic conditions and take advantage of organic growth opportunities. The corporation's risk appetite indicates the amount of capital, earnings, or liquidity it is willing to put at risk to achieve its strategic objectives and business plans. The corporation conducts capital scenario management and stress forecasting to better understand balance sheet, earnings, and capital sensitivities to certain economic and business scenarios, including economic and market conditions that are more severe than anticipated. The corporation has developed and maintains contingency plans designed to prepare for potential adverse economic, financial, or market stress, including capital contingency plans and financial contingency and recovery plans. The corporation's approach to operational risk management establishes requirements for the operational risk management program, specifying responsibilities for managing operational risk to ensure business processes are designed and executed effectively. The corporation's risk management processes include identifying, measuring, monitoring, and controlling risks associated with its activities. The corporation's approach to compliance risk management is defined in the global compliance enterprise policy, which outlines the requirements of the compliance risk management program and defines roles and responsibilities of front-line units, independent risk management, and corporate audit. The corporation's operational risk management program specifies responsibilities and accountabilities for managing operational risk, ensuring effective management of risks across all business processes. The corporation's strategic risk management is embedded in every business, with oversight by the board, ensuring alignment with risk appetite, capital plan, and liquidity requirements. The corporation's risk management framework serves as the foundation for consistent and effective management of risks, promoting sound risk-taking within its risk appetite.