Through our subsidiaries, we engage in a number of diverse business activities. We manage our operating businesses on an unusually decentralized basis. There are essentially no centralized or integrated business functions and there is minimal involvement by our corporate headquarters in the day-to-day business activities of the operating businesses. The timing and amount of catastrophe losses can produce significant volatility in our periodic underwriting results, particularly with respect to our reinsurance businesses. Generally, we consider catastrophe losses in excess of $100 million (pre-tax) from a current year event as significant. We incurred estimated pre-tax losses of approximately $1.6 billion in 2018 and $3.0 billion in 2017 from significant catastrophe events. Changes in estimates for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, including amounts established for occurrences in prior years, can also significantly affect our periodic underwriting results. Our periodic underwriting results may also include significant foreign currency transaction gains and losses arising from the changes in the valuation of non-U.S. dollar denominated reinsurance liabilities of our U.S. based insurance subsidiaries due to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. We engage in both primary insurance and reinsurance of property/casualty, life and health risks. Our insurance and reinsurance businesses are geico, berkshire hathaway reinsurance group and berkshire hathaway primary group. We believe that maintaining ample liquidity is paramount and we insist on safety over yield with respect to such investments. Our combined insurance operations generated pre-tax underwriting earnings of approximately $2.0 billion in 2018, and consequently, the average cost of float for the period was negative. The significant increase in float in 2017 reflected increases in loss adjustment expenses, including liabilities (net of deferred charges) assumed under retroactive reinsurance contracts written in 2017 and estimated liabilities related to catastrophe events, and overall growth of our insurance operations. Our insurance businesses possess two distinct activities – underwriting and investing. Underwriting decisions are the responsibility of the unit managers, while investing decisions are the responsibility of berkshire’s chairman and ceo, warren e. buffett and berkshire’s corporate investment managers. We evaluate performance of underwriting operations without any allocation of investment income or investment gains/losses. We consider investment income as a component of our aggregate insurance operating results. However, we consider investment gains and losses, whether realized or unrealized, as non-operating, based on our long-held philosophy of acquiring securities and holding those securities for long periods. We strive to generate pre-tax underwriting profits. Our insurance and reinsurance businesses are subject to significant volatility in periodic earnings due to the timing and amount of catastrophe losses. We utilize a variety of techniques in establishing claim liabilities, and all techniques require significant judgments and assumptions. Our claim liability estimates recorded at the end of 2017 decreased during 2018, which produced a corresponding increase to pre-tax earnings. We modified the assumptions used to estimate liabilities at December 31, 2018 to reflect the most recent frequency and severity results. We believe it is reasonably possible that average severities will change by at least one percentage point from the severities used in establishing the recorded liabilities.