We are the second largest cable operator in the United States and a leading broadband communications services company providing video, internet, and voice services to approximately 28.1 million residential and small and medium business customers. Since the close of the transactions in 2016, we have been focused on integrating the practices and systems of legacy charter, legacy TWC, and legacy Bright House, centralizing our product, marketing, sales, and service operations. With our integration nearly complete, we are focused on operating as one company, with a unified product, marketing, and service infrastructure, which will allow us to accelerate growth and innovate faster. We expect our growing levels of productivity will result in lower customer churn, longer customer lifetimes, and improved productivity with fewer customer calls and truck rolls. We believe our spectrum-branded mobile services will drive higher sales of our core products, create longer customer lives, and increase profitability and cash flow over time. The increase in programming costs is primarily a result of contractual rate adjustments, including renewals and increases in amounts paid for retransmission consents partly offset by lower video customers. We expect programming expenses will continue to increase due to a variety of factors, including annual increases imposed by programmers with additional selling power as a result of media consolidation, increased demands by owners of broadcast stations for payment for retransmission consent, or linking carriage of other services to retransmission consent. We have been unable to fully pass these increases on to our customers and do not expect to be able to do so in the future without a potential loss of customers. We continue to evaluate the deployment of our cash on hand and anticipated future free cash flow including to invest in our business growth and other strategic opportunities, including mergers and acquisitions as well as stock repurchases and dividends. Our capital expenditures are funded primarily from cash flows from operating activities and borrowings on our credit facility. We expect to utilize free cash flow, cash on hand, and availability under our credit facilities as well as future refinancing transactions to further extend the maturities of our obligations. The timing and terms of any refinancing transactions will be subject to market conditions among other considerations. We believe we have sufficient liquidity from cash on hand, free cash flow, and charter operating's revolving credit facility as well as access to the capital markets to fund our projected cash needs. We cannot be certain that we will be able to grow revenues or maintain our margins at recent historical rates. We have established reserves for certain matters. Although these matters are not expected individually to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity, such matters could have, in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity. We monitor the appropriateness of our capitalization policies and perform updates to our internal studies on an ongoing basis to determine whether facts or circumstances warrant a change to our capitalization policies. The company realized revenue, adjusted EBITDA, and income from operations during the periods presented. The increases in all categories of operating costs and expenses in 2017 as compared to 2016 were primarily due to the transactions. We expect to continue to drive customer relationship growth through sales of video, internet, and wireline and mobile voice packaged services.