Management monitors a variety of key indicators to evaluate our business results and financial condition, focusing on changes from year to year in certain key measures used by management to evaluate performance, such as profitability, growth, and credit quality metrics. We believe we have sufficient capital and earnings to support growth, the Walmart portfolio acquisition, and the phased-in impact of adopting CECL on January 1, 2020, as well as the potential for a meaningful capital distribution. We continue to believe increases in deposit costs and deposit product mix changes will have a negative impact on our net interest margin going forward. Our provision for credit losses decreased by $1.7 billion in 2018 compared to 2017 primarily driven by allowance releases in our domestic credit card and auto loan portfolios largely due to improvements in credit trends. We regularly assess the assumptions, methodologies, and reporting classifications used for segment reporting, which may result in the implementation of refinements or changes in future periods. The risk framework is used to guide design of risk programs and performance of risk activity within each risk category and across the entire enterprise. Our risk framework consists of establishing governance processes, accountabilities, and risk appetites, identifying and assessing risks, developing and operating controls, and monitoring and mitigating plans. We recognize that compliance requirements for financial institutions are increasingly complex, and we continuously evaluate the regulatory environment to proactively adjust our compliance risk program. We manage liquidity risk by applying our liquidity adequacy framework, which uses internal and regulatory stress testing to confirm that we maintain a fortified balance sheet resilient to uncertainties that may arise from liquidity events. Our liquidity reserves increased, driven by an increase in our investment securities portfolio. We manage our interest rate risk exposure, which is our most significant source of market risk, by altering the duration and re-pricing characteristics of our various assets and liabilities. We employ several techniques to manage our interest rate and foreign exchange risk, including the use of derivatives. Our economic value of equity sensitivity measures are calculated based on our existing assets and liabilities and do not incorporate business growth assumptions. We continuously adjust our management of credit lines and collection strategies based on customer behavior and risk profile changes. The allowance for loan and lease losses represents management's best estimate of incurred loan and lease credit losses inherent in our held for investment portfolio. The allowance coverage ratio remained substantially flat as allowance releases in our domestic credit card and auto loan portfolios were offset by lower loan balances largely due to the sale of our consumer home loan portfolio. We provide additional information on credit risk related to our investment securities portfolio and credit risk related to derivative transactions. We recognize that we are exposed to cyclical changes in credit quality and ensure our credit portfolio is resilient to economic downturns through sound underwriting and continual monitoring of our portfolio. Our operational risk management program establishes practices for assessing the operational risk profile and executing key control processes for operational risks, ensuring high-quality and consistent customer experiences.