Conocophillips is designed to be resilient in lower price environments, with significant upside during periods of higher prices. Our business strategy anticipates prices will remain cyclical, and we focus on maintaining financial strength, which is critical in a cyclical business such as ours. We believe financial strength is critical in a cyclical business such as ours. Our priorities for allocating cash flows from the business include investing capital at a level that maintains flat production volumes, paying our existing dividend, and growing our existing dividend. Our operational flexibility is demonstrated through portfolio optimization, debt reduction, and disciplined capital investment, which have positioned our company to navigate through periods of volatile energy prices. We continue to focus on safely executing our capital program and remaining diligent on our costs, which is critical to maintaining a competitive position in our industry, particularly in a low commodity price environment. Our strategy is to create value through price cycles by delivering on the disciplined financial and operational priorities that underpin our value proposition. We strive to conduct our business with respect and care for both the local and global environment and systematically manage risk to drive sustainable business growth. We are committed to building a learning organization using human performance principles as we relentlessly pursue improved health, safety, and environment and operational performance. Our ability to control operating and overhead costs impacts our ability to deliver strong cash from operations. We allocate capital across diverse, low-cost supply programs in our resource base, and our cash allocation priorities call for the investment of sufficient capital to maintain production and pay the existing dividend. We believe production per debt-adjusted share is useful to investors as it provides a consistent view of production on a total equity basis. Our operational and financial factors affecting profitability include maintaining a relentless focus on safety and environmental stewardship, controlling costs and expenses, and maintaining capital discipline. We continue to optimize our asset portfolio by focusing on low-cost of supply assets that support our strategy. Our sustainability efforts continued with a focus on advancing our action plans for climate change, biodiversity, water, and human rights. We have established a corporate climate change action plan to track mitigation activities for each climate-related risk included in our corporate sustainable development risk register. Our management carefully considers the fiscal and regulatory environment when evaluating projects or determining the levels and locations of our activity. We are committed to building a learning organization that enhances our organizational capabilities and resilience. Our operational continuity is supported by our strategic response to environmental disruptions and our ability to adapt to changing market conditions. We have implemented a third-party lease accounting software solution to facilitate ongoing accounting and financial reporting requirements, which reflects our commitment to operational management and strategic adaptation. We believe that our organizational resilience is enhanced by our focus on resource allocation, risk management, and the development of our human capital.