We remain focused on accelerating innovation across our portfolio, and we believe that we have made continued progress on our strategic priorities. Our evolving intent-based technologies are constantly learning and adapting to provide customers with a highly secure, intelligent platform for their digital business. While the overall environment remains uncertain, we continue to aggressively invest in priority areas with the objective of driving profitable growth over the long term. We continue to operate in a challenging and highly competitive environment. Our strategic priorities include the following: accelerating our pace of innovation, increasing the value of the network, and transforming our business model. We believe that our customers are looking for intent-based networks that provide meaningful business value through automation, security, and analytics across private, hybrid, and multi-cloud environments. We experienced some weakness in the service provider market and we expect ongoing uncertainty in that area. Our product revenue reflected growth in infrastructure platforms, applications, and security, and we continued to make progress in the transition of our business model to increased software and subscriptions. We saw broad strength across the portfolio, with the exception of routing related to the weakness in the service provider market. We continue to operate in a challenging and highly competitive environment. We expect that cash provided by operating activities may fluctuate in future periods as a result of a number of factors, including fluctuations in our operating results, the rate at which products are shipped during the quarter, the timing and collection of accounts receivable and financing receivables, inventory and supply chain management, deferred revenue, and the timing and amount of tax and other payments. Our ongoing consideration of all these factors could result in an increase in our allowance for credit loss in the future, which could adversely affect our operating results. We regularly evaluate our exposure for inventory write-downs and the adequacy of our liability for purchase commitments. We believe the amount of our inventory and purchase commitments is appropriate for our revenue levels. We also have certain funding commitments primarily related to our investments in privately held companies and venture funds, some of which are based on the achievement of certain agreed-upon milestones. We provide financing guarantees, which are generally for various third-party financing arrangements extended to our channel partners and end-user customers. We could be called upon to make payments under these guarantees in the event of nonpayment by the channel partners or end-user customers. Our investments in unconsolidated variable interest entities are considered off-balance sheet arrangements. We evaluate on an ongoing basis our investments in these privately held companies and customer financings. We believe that our strong cash and cash equivalents and investments position allows us to use our cash resources for strategic investments to gain access to new technologies, for acquisitions, for customer financing activities, for working capital needs, and for the repurchase of shares of common stock and payment of dividends. Our strategic initiatives include a focus on operational management, resource allocation, and adaptability to ensure resilience in the face of external pressures and disruptive events. We aim to maintain organizational health through effective resource generation and deployment, ensuring that we can respond to unexpected situations and environmental perturbations while preserving our operational continuity and performance.