This report contains statements concerning the companies' expectations, plans, objectives, future financial performance, and other statements that are not historical facts. These statements are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The companies make forward-looking statements with full knowledge that risks and uncertainties exist that may cause actual results to differ materially from predicted results. Factors that may cause actual results to differ are often presented with the forward-looking statements themselves. These factors include but are not limited to unusual weather conditions and their effect on energy sales to customers and energy commodity prices; extreme weather events and other natural disasters, including hurricanes, high winds, severe storms, earthquakes, flooding, and changes in water temperatures and availability that can cause outages and property damage to facilities; federal, state, and local legislative and regulatory developments, including changes in federal and state tax laws and regulations; changes to federal, state, and local environmental laws and regulations, including those related to climate change; and risks associated with the operation of nuclear facilities, including costs associated with the disposal of spent nuclear fuel, decommissioning, plant maintenance, and changes in existing regulations governing such facilities. The companies' operations are subject to risks and uncertainties that may negatively impact the timing or amounts of operating cash flows. The impact of operational hazards, including adverse developments with respect to pipeline and plant safety or integrity, equipment loss, malfunction or failure, operator error, and other catastrophic events, may also affect organizational resilience. The companies evaluate whether or not recovery of its regulatory assets through future rates is probable and makes various assumptions in its analysis. The expectations of future recovery are generally based on orders issued by regulatory commissions, legislation, or historical experience, as well as discussions with applicable regulatory authorities and legal counsel. The companies' forward-looking statements are based on beliefs and assumptions using information available at the time the statements are made. The companies caution the reader not to place undue reliance on their forward-looking statements because the assumptions, beliefs, expectations, and projections about future events may, and often do, differ materially from actual results. The companies undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect developments occurring after the statement is made. The strategic target asset allocation for the companies' pension funds is established based on periodic asset/liability studies. Factors considered in setting the investment policy include employee demographics, liability growth rates, future discount rates, the funded status of the plans, and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. The companies' operations are subject to risks and uncertainties that may negatively impact the timing or amounts of operating cash flows, and which are discussed in item 1A. Risk Factors. The companies' ability to borrow funds or issue securities and the return demanded by investors are affected by credit ratings. The companies work closely with credit rating agencies with the objective of achieving targeted credit ratings, which may require modifications to their business plan to maintain or achieve appropriate credit ratings. The companies' credit ratings affect their liquidity, cost of borrowing under credit facilities, and collateral posting requirements under commodity contracts, as well as the rates at which they are able to offer their debt securities.