The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements. We continue to focus on disciplined capital deployment through profitable organic loan growth and execution of our capital plan. Our marketing strategy remains focused on expanding wallet share with existing customers and adding new accounts to achieve continued loan growth. We expect to continue to invest in business growth and technology, including the deployment of advanced analytics and automation. The evolving regulatory environment on our business and operations depends upon a number of factors, including supervisory priorities and actions, our actions, those of our competitors, and the behavior of consumers. We seek to maintain stable, diversified, and cost-effective funding sources and a strong liquidity profile to fund our business and repay or refinance our maturing obligations under both normal operating conditions and periods of economic or financial stress. In managing our liquidity risk, we seek to maintain a prudent liability maturity profile and ready access to an ample store of primary and contingent liquidity sources. We conduct liquidity stress testing to assess the impact of idiosyncratic, systemic, and hybrid scenarios with varying levels of liquidity risk reflecting a range of stress severity. Our primary contingent liquidity sources include our liquidity portfolio and private securitizations with unused borrowing capacity. We seek to maintain sufficient liquidity to satisfy all maturing obligations and fund business operations for at least 12 months in a severe stress environment. We employ a variety of metrics to monitor and manage liquidity, utilizing early warning indicators to detect the initial phases of liquidity stress events. The liquidity risk profiles of our organization are monitored regularly, and we have established a framework to manage liquidity risk across our business. Our primary sources of capital are the earnings generated by our businesses and the proceeds from issuances of capital securities. The level, composition, and utilization of capital are influenced by changes in the economic environment, strategic initiatives, and legislative and regulatory developments. We must meet specific capital requirements that involve quantitative measures of assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance sheet items, as calculated under regulatory guidance and regulations. Our ability to make capital distributions will continue to be subject to regulatory limitations imposed by the Federal Reserve. We have been notified that we are not required to participate in the Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR) or submit to supervisory stress tests for the 2019 stress test cycle. However, our capital distributions for the period between July 1, 2019, and June 30, 2020, will be limited based on a formula that is largely based on results from the Federal Reserve's 2018 supervisory stress test. Our organizational practices are designed to ensure that we can respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform ourselves to emerge stronger from challenging situations. We continue to leverage our network to support our card-issuing business and pursue new ways to drive volume growth in a competitive environment. The impact of the evolving regulatory environment on our business and operations depends upon a number of factors, including the behavior of consumers and the actions of our competitors. We are focused on maintaining organizational resilience through effective risk management, operational flexibility, and strategic response to external pressures.