The company is in the process of modifying internal reporting processes and systems to accommodate a new structure and will report under this new segment structure in fiscal 2019. The increase in segment operating income was due to growth at our parks and resorts and studio entertainment segments, partially offset by lower results at our media networks and consumer products & interactive media segments. The increase in operating cash flow at studio entertainment was due to higher operating cash receipts driven by an increase in revenue, partially offset by higher operating cash disbursements driven by higher marketing expenses. Parks and resorts cash flow reflected higher operating cash receipts due to increased revenue, partially offset by higher spending on labor and other costs. The company believes that information about aggregate segment operating income assists investors by allowing them to evaluate changes in the operating results of the company's portfolio of businesses separate from factors other than business operations that affect net income. The company recorded gains of $560 million in connection with the sales of real estate and property rights in New York City. The company is contractually committed to acquire broadcast programming and make certain minimum lease payments for the use of property under operating lease agreements. The company’s investments in parks, resorts, and other property for fiscal years reflect significant expenditures for theme park and resort expansion, new attractions, and capital improvements. The company expects its fiscal 2019 capital expenditures will be approximately $1 billion higher than fiscal 2018 capital expenditures due to increased investments at domestic and international parks and resorts. The company’s financial condition is strong, and its cash balances, other liquid assets, operating cash flows, access to debt and equity capital markets, and borrowing capacity provide adequate resources to fund ongoing operating requirements and future capital expenditures related to the expansion of existing businesses and development of new projects. The company’s operating cash flow and access to the capital markets can be impacted by macroeconomic factors outside of its control. The company is required to test goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis and if current events or circumstances require, on an interim basis. The company has exposure for certain tax and legal matters, and it is possible that future results of operations could be materially affected by changes in assumptions or the effectiveness of strategies related to legal proceedings. The company evaluates its allowance for doubtful accounts and estimates collectability of accounts receivable based on historical bad debt experience in conjunction with the assessment of the financial condition of individual companies with which it does business. The company’s strategic initiatives include the launch of ESPN+ and the continued development of Disney+, which is scheduled to launch in the U.S. in late 2019. The company anticipates an increase in programming and production investments to create exclusive content for direct-to-consumer services. The company’s restructuring and impairment charges reflect severance costs and asset impairments, which are excluded from segment operating income. The company’s ability to absorb strain and preserve or improve functioning despite the presence of adversity is reflected in its strategic management and operational flexibility.