Our primary business objectives are to maximize sustainable long-term growth in earnings and funds from operations per share, cash flow, and returns to our stockholders through the payment of distributions and return on invested capital. We expect to accomplish our objectives by achieving superior risk-adjusted returns, prudently allocating capital, diversifying our product offerings, accelerating our global reach and scale, and driving revenue growth and operating efficiencies. A significant component of our current and future internal growth is anticipated through the development of our existing space held for development, acquisition of land for future development, and acquisition of new properties. We focus exclusively on owning, acquiring, developing, and operating data centers because we believe that the growth in data center demand and the technology-related real estate industry will continue to outpace the overall economy. Our properties require periodic investments of capital for tenant-related capital expenditures and for general capital improvements. We have developed detailed, standardized procedures for evaluating new real estate investments to ensure that they meet our financial, technical, and other criteria. Our ability to grow earnings depends in part on our ability to develop space and lease development space at favorable rates, which we may not be able to obtain. We may continue to build out our development portfolio when justified by anticipated demand and returns. Our lease terms are generally longer than standard commercial leases, and we continue to see strong demand in most of our key metropolitan areas for data center space. Economic downturns or regional downturns affecting our metropolitan areas could adversely affect our ability to maintain or increase rental rates at our properties. We are committed to maintaining a conservative capital structure and target a debt-to-adjusted EBITDA ratio at or less than 5.5x. We strive to maintain a well-laddered debt maturity schedule and seek to maximize the menu of our available sources of capital while minimizing the cost. Our access to funds under our global revolving credit facility depends on the ability of the lenders to meet their funding commitments. If our lenders are not able to meet their funding commitments, our business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition could be adversely affected. We may need to source alternative ways to increase our liquidity, which may include curtailing development activity or disposing of properties possibly on disadvantageous terms. We are also subject to risks from the effects of exchange rate movements of foreign currencies, which may affect future costs and cash flows. Our ability to re-lease or renew expiring space at rental rates equal to or in excess of current rental rates will impact our results of operations. We expect to incur significant tenant improvement costs to build out and develop these types of spaces. Our development activities make us particularly susceptible to general economic slowdowns, including recessions, and adverse developments in the corporate data center, internet, and data communications industries. Changes in industry practice or technology could also reduce demand for the physical data center space we provide. Our strategy of holding properties over the long term directly decreases the likelihood of their carrying values not being recoverable. We believe that demand in key metropolitan areas is largely in line with supply, and we continue to see strong demand across our portfolio.