Equinix provides global data center offerings that protect and connect the world's most valued information assets. Global enterprises, financial services companies, and content and network service providers rely upon Equinix's leading insight and data centers around the world for the safe housing of their critical IT equipment and the ability to directly connect to the networks that enable today's information-driven economy. The acquisitions of Infomart Dallas and Metronode expanded our total global footprint to 200 IBX data centers across 52 markets around the world. Our global platform enables scalable, reliable, and cost-effective colocation, interconnection, and traffic exchange that lowers overall cost and increases flexibility. Our focused business model is built on our critical mass of customers and the resulting "marketplace" effect. This global platform, combined with our strong financial position, continues to drive new customer growth and bookings. We continue to monitor the available capacity in each of our selected markets. To the extent we have limited capacity available in a given market, it may limit our ability for growth in that market. We perform demand studies on an ongoing basis to determine if future expansion is warranted in a market. Our business is based on a recurring revenue model comprised of colocation and related interconnection and managed infrastructure offerings. Our recurring revenues have comprised more than 90% of our total revenues during the past three years. Our largest customer accounted for approximately 3% of our recurring revenues for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016. Our 50 largest customers accounted for approximately 38%, 37%, and 36%, respectively, of our recurring revenues for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016. We expect the cost of our utilities, specifically electricity, will generally increase in the future on a per-unit or fixed basis, in addition to the variable increase related to the growth in consumption by our customers. Furthermore, to the extent we incur increased electricity costs as a result of either climate change policies or the physical effects of climate change, such increased costs could materially impact our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We expect our cost of revenues, sales and marketing expenses, and general and administrative expenses to grow in absolute dollars in connection with our business growth. We may periodically see a higher cost of revenues as a percentage of revenue when a large expansion project opens or is acquired, before it starts generating any meaningful revenue. We expect our current efforts to improve our back office systems will continue over the next several years. We expect to incur higher interest expense in future periods in connection with additional indebtedness that we incurred during 2018 and as a result of the increasing interest rates. We believe we have sufficient cash, coupled with anticipated cash generated from operating activities, to meet our operating requirements, including repayment of the current portion of our debt as it becomes due, payment of regular dividend distributions, and completion of our publicly announced expansion projects. Our ability to satisfy quarterly asset tests depends upon our analysis and the fair market values of our REIT and non-REIT assets. We apply discount rates based on industry benchmarks relative to the market and forecasting risks. We revisit key assumptions periodically to reflect any changes due to business or economic environment. Our purchase price allocation methodology contains uncertainties because it requires assumptions and management's judgment to estimate the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date. We periodically review the estimated useful lives of certain of our property, plant, and equipment, and changes in these estimates in the future are possible.