The long-term outlook for our U.S. defense business is influenced by the U.S. military's funding priorities, the diversity of our programs and customers, our insight into customer requirements stemming from our incumbency on core programs, our ability to evolve our products to address a fast-changing threat environment, and our proven track record of successful contract execution. The partial government shutdown did not have a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows, and we do not anticipate that the current continuing resolution or subsequent extensions will have a material impact. However, if another partial government shutdown occurred, the longer the shutdown continued, the risk of a material impact would increase. Our greatest concentration of work for the impacted agencies is in our information technology segment, where this work represents less than 5% of the segment's revenue. We expect our continued investment in the development of new aircraft products and technologies to support the aerospace segment's long-term growth. The increase in the aerospace segment's revenue in 2018 consisted of higher demand for maintenance work and the acquisition of Hawker Pacific, a leading provider of integrated aviation solutions across Asia Pacific and the Middle East. The combat systems segment's revenue increased due to higher volume on the U.S. Army's Abrams tank programs, including work to produce Abrams M1A2 System Enhancement Package Version 3 tanks. The segment received $1.4 billion of orders for Abrams main battle tank modernization and upgrade programs for the U.S. Army and U.S. partners in 2018. The information technology segment's revenue increased due primarily to the CSRA acquisition in the second quarter of 2018. Our total backlog, including funded and unfunded portions, was $67.9 billion on December 31, 2018, up 7.4% from $63.2 billion at the end of 2017. The total estimated contract value was $103.4 billion on December 31, 2018, up 17.5% from $88 billion at the end of 2017. We believe we have adequate funds on hand and sufficient borrowing capacity to execute our financial and operating strategy. We regularly assess the probability of recovery of costs associated with our contracts, including those related to pension and other post-retirement benefits. The timing of revenue recognition, billings, and cash collections results in billed accounts receivable, unbilled receivables, and customer advances and deposits on the consolidated balance sheet on a contract-by-contract basis at the end of each reporting period. We employ judgment in making our estimates, but they are based on historical experience, currently available information, and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. The segment's total backlog at year-end 2018 included $8.8 billion for 11 Virginia-class submarines scheduled for delivery through 2023. The marine systems segment's backlog growth of 9.8% from $24.2 billion at year-end 2017 to $26.6 billion at the end of 2018 reflects the significant demand for our ship construction programs. The segment has delivered four ships in the program, and construction is underway on the fifth ship, scheduled for delivery in 2019. We expect capital expenditures to be approximately 3% of revenue in 2019, supporting our growth and operational flexibility.