Our management team has adopted a strategic plan to transform GM into the world's most valued automotive company, which includes several major initiatives that we anticipate will redefine the future of personal mobility while also strengthening the core of our business. We continue to strategically assess our performance and ability to achieve acceptable returns on our invested capital, as well as our cost structure in order to maintain a low breakeven point. We expect transformation activities to drive approximately $6.0 billion of annual cash savings by the end of 2020, resulting from reductions in automotive and other cost of sales in our consolidated financial statements, as well as reduced capital expenditures. As we continue to assess our performance and the needs of our evolving business, additional restructuring and rationalization actions could be required. These actions could give rise to future asset impairments or other charges which may have a material impact on our results of operations. We face continuing market, operating, and regulatory challenges in a number of countries across the globe due to weak economic conditions, competitive pressures, and political uncertainty. The actions being taken to address GM Korea's financial and operational performance have and may continue to result in litigation, negative publicity, business disruption, and labor unrest. We believe that offering a comprehensive suite of financing products will generate incremental sales of our vehicles, drive incremental GM financial earnings, and help support our sales throughout various economic cycles. We manage our liquidity primarily at our treasury centers as well as at certain of our significant consolidated overseas subsidiaries. Our liquidity plans are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those described in the "forward-looking statements" section and risk factors, some of which are outside of our control. We continue to monitor and evaluate opportunities to strengthen our competitive position over the long term while maintaining a strong investment-grade balance sheet. Our future uses of cash are focused on reinvesting in our business, maintaining a strong investment-grade balance sheet, and returning available cash to shareholders. We have a support agreement with GM Financial which establishes commitments of funding from us to GM Financial. We have entered into a new three-year committed unsecured revolving credit facility to fund costs associated with transformation activities. The ability to realize deferred tax assets depends on the ability to generate sufficient taxable income within the carryback or carryforward periods provided for in the tax law for each applicable tax jurisdiction. The assessment regarding whether a valuation allowance is required or should be adjusted is based on an evaluation of possible sources of taxable income and considers all available positive and negative evidence factors. We have recorded charges primarily considered special for ebit-adjusted, eps diluted-adjusted, and adjusted automotive free cash flow purposes. The most significant element of our automotive and other cost of sales is material cost, which makes up approximately two-thirds of the total amount. We believe that our current level of cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, and availability under our revolving credit facilities will be sufficient to meet our liquidity needs. We expect to have substantial cash requirements going forward, which we plan to fund through total available liquidity and cash flows generated from operations and future debt issuances.