The continuing shift from an offline to online world has contributed to the growth of our business since inception, contributing to revenue growth, and we expect that this online shift will continue to benefit our business. As online advertising evolves, we continue to expand our product offerings which may affect our monetization. We seek to expand our products and services to stay in front of this shift in order to maintain and grow our business. We expect these trends to continue to put pressure on our overall margins. The shift to online, as well as the advent of the multi-device world, has brought opportunities outside of the U.S., including in emerging markets, and we continue to develop localized versions of our products and relevant advertising programs useful to our users in these markets. Our international revenues represent a significant portion of our revenues and are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates relative to the U.S. dollar. While we have a foreign exchange risk management program designed to reduce our exposure to these fluctuations, this program does not fully offset their effect on our revenues and earnings. As we continue to look for new ways to serve our users and expand our businesses, we will invest heavily in R&D and capital expenditures. We continue to make significant R&D investments in areas of strategic focus such as advertising, cloud, machine learning, and search, as well as in new products and services. Our capital expenditures have grown over time. Our employees are critical to our success and we expect to continue investing in them. Our employees are among our best assets and are critical for our continued success. We expect to continue hiring talented employees around the globe and to provide competitive compensation programs to our employees. We expect that R&D expenses will increase in dollar amount and may fluctuate as a percentage of revenues in future periods. We expect that sales and marketing expenses will increase in dollar amount and may fluctuate as a percentage of revenues in future periods. We expect general and administrative expenses will increase in dollar amount and may fluctuate as a percentage of revenues in future periods. Our principal sources of liquidity are our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, as well as the cash flow that we generate from our operations. We believe that our sources of funding will be sufficient to satisfy our currently anticipated cash requirements including capital expenditures, working capital requirements, potential acquisitions and other liquidity requirements through at least the next 12 months. We have a short-term debt financing program of up to $5.0 billion through the issuance of commercial paper. Our investment in office facilities is driven by workforce needs; and our investment in data centers is driven by our compute and storage requirements and has a lead time of up to three years. We evaluate, on a regular basis, developments in our legal matters that could affect the amount of liability that has been previously accrued, and the matters and related reasonably possible losses disclosed, and make adjustments and changes to our disclosures as appropriate. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations and assessments to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. We expect cost of revenues to increase in dollar amount and as a percentage of total revenues in future periods based on a number of factors.