During 2018, Honeywell continued to deliver on our financial commitments and to create long-term shareowner value, which reflects our organizational resilience in maintaining positive adjustment under challenging conditions. We believe our ability to consistently grow earnings derives from the consistent, rigorous deployment of the Honeywell Operating System as well as a long history of identifying and investing in productivity initiatives. Our focus on commercial excellence processes, such as velocity product development, is intended to drive higher sales at better margins, demonstrating our adaptability to market demands and operational flexibility. We are careful not to allow the attainment of short-term financial results to imperil the creation of long-term, sustainable shareowner value, which is a key aspect of our organizational health and resilience strategies. Our refocused strategy and investments are intended to take better advantage of our core technological and software strengths in high-growth businesses, which participate in attractive industrial end markets characterized by favorable global mega-trends. The areas of focus for 2019 include driving profitable growth through research and development and technological excellence to deliver innovative products that customers value, executing on our strategy to become a software-industrial company, and expanding margins by optimizing our cost structure through manufacturing and administrative process improvements. We aim to control corporate costs and increase availability of capital through strong cash flow conversion from effective working capital management, which enhances our resilience against external pressures and market volatility. Our ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform ourselves to emerge stronger from challenging situations is reflected in our strategic initiatives and operational management. We continuously assess the relative strength of each business in our portfolio to identify units that will most benefit from increased investment, which is essential for organizational transformation and strategic adaptation. The spin-offs of non-core businesses have allowed us to focus on our primary actors and enhance our operational continuity. Our commitment to strategic planning and proactive measures positions us to confront future challenges and uncertainties, ensuring that we maintain our performance under pressure. The emphasis on maximizing operating cash flows and balancing our cash and financing uses through investment in our existing core businesses, acquisition activity, share repurchases, and dividends is indicative of our organizational effectiveness and resilience. We monitor our liquidity sources and ensure that we have access to necessary financial resources to support our strategic response to evolving market conditions. Our organizational capabilities, including knowledge management and collaborative networks, facilitate our ability to absorb strain and preserve functioning despite adversity, thereby reinforcing our commitment to organizational resilience.