The company focuses on high-quality businesses, ensuring it operates in markets with positive long-term macro fundamentals and with customers that have critical needs and value its differentiated products, services, and solutions. ITW's portfolio operates in diverse end markets and geographies which makes the company more resilient in the face of uncertain or volatile market environments. The powerful and highly differentiated ITW business model is the company's core source of value creation and defines how ITW creates value for its shareholders. This business model is the company's competitive advantage and comprises three unique elements: the 80/20 front-to-back process, customer-back innovation, and a decentralized, entrepreneurial culture. The 80/20 front-to-back process is a rigorous, iterative, and highly data-driven approach to identify where the company has true differentiation and the ability to drive sustainable, high-quality organic growth. The company simplifies and eliminates complexity and redesigns every aspect of its business to ensure focused execution on key opportunities, markets, customers, and products. ITW businesses have significant flexibility within the framework of the ITW business model to customize their approach in order to best serve their specific customers' needs. The company has made considerable progress in its path to full potential, focusing on portfolio discipline, 80/20 front-to-back practice excellence, and full-potential organic growth. The company has clearly defined action plans aimed at leveraging the performance power of the ITW business model to achieve full-potential organic growth in every division. The company consistently reviews its portfolio, assesses businesses that are growth-challenged, and evaluates if further portfolio refinements may be needed. The company believes that these sources are sufficient to service debt and to finance the company's capital allocation priorities, which include internal investments to support organic growth and sustain core businesses, payment of an attractive dividend to shareholders, and external investments in selective strategic acquisitions that support the company's organic growth focus. ITW has demonstrated superior 80/20 management, resulting in meaningful incremental improvement in margins and returns. The company’s decentralized operating structure allows for operational flexibility and responsiveness to customer needs. The company’s enterprise initiatives contribute to its ability to maintain performance under pressure and adapt to changing market conditions. The company’s focus on sustainable differentiation as a must-have requirement for all ITW businesses has resulted in a business portfolio with significantly higher organic growth potential. The strategic sourcing initiative established sourcing as a core strategic and operational capability at ITW, delivering an average of one percent reduction in spend each year. The company maintains a focused and simple organizational structure that, combined with outstanding execution, delivers best-in-class services and solutions adapted to each business' customers and end markets. The company’s ability to absorb strain and preserve or improve functioning despite the presence of adversity is reflected in its operational results, demonstrating resilience in navigating complex market dynamics and external pressures.