The demand for our products and our revenue levels are driven by our customers' needs to solve the process challenges that they face as they adopt new technologies required to fabricate advanced integrated circuits that are incorporated into sophisticated mobile devices. Our earnings will depend not only on our revenue levels but also on the amount of research and development spending required to meet our customers' technology roadmaps. We have maintained production volumes and capacity to meet anticipated customer requirements and remain at risk of incurring significant inventory-related and other restructuring charges if business conditions deteriorate. The timing for our customers in ordering and taking delivery of process control and yield management equipment is also determined by their requirements to meet the next generation production ramp schedules and the timing for capacity expansion to meet end customer demand. Our gross margin fluctuates with revenue levels and product mix and is affected by variations in costs related to manufacturing and servicing our products, including our ability to scale our operations efficiently and effectively in response to prevailing business conditions. The goals of our global workforce reduction were to enable continued innovation, direct our resources toward our best opportunities, and lower our ongoing expense run rate. We believe that cash generated from operations, together with the liquidity provided by existing cash and cash equivalents balances and our revolving credit facility, will be sufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements associated with working capital needs, capital expenditures, cash dividends, stock repurchases, and other contractual obligations. Our customer base continues to become more highly concentrated over time, thereby increasing the potential impact of a sudden change in capital spending by a major customer on our revenues and profitability. We are also subject to the cyclical capital spending that has historically characterized the semiconductor and semiconductor-related industries. The timing, length, intensity, and volatility of the capacity-oriented capital spending cycles of our customers are unpredictable. We are committed to product development in new and emerging technologies as we address the yield challenges our customers face at future technology nodes. Our liquidity may be affected by many factors, some of which are based on the normal ongoing operations of the business, spending for business acquisitions, and other factors such as uncertainty in the global and regional economies and the semiconductor equipment industries. We regularly review relative selling prices and maintain internal controls over the establishment and updates of these estimates. We have agreements with financial institutions to sell certain of our trade receivables and promissory notes from customers without recourse. Our products and services are used by our customers to measure, detect, analyze, and resolve critical product defects that arise in that environment in order to control nanometric level manufacturing processes. We are subject to the possibility of losses from various contingencies, and considerable judgment is necessary to estimate the probability and amount of any loss from such contingencies. Our assessment that an investment is not other-than-temporarily impaired could change in the future due to new developments or changes in our strategies or assumptions related to any particular investment. We are a party to a variety of agreements pursuant to which we may be obligated to indemnify the other party with respect to certain matters, which may require us to expend significant resources to support the audit or inspection, as well as to defend or settle any dispute with a customer that could potentially arise out of such audit or inspection.