As an energy infrastructure owner and operator in multiple facets of the various U.S. and Canadian energy industries and markets, we examine a number of variables and factors on a routine basis to evaluate our current performance and our prospects for the future. To the extent practicable and economically feasible in light of our strategic plans and other factors, we generally attempt to mitigate risk of reduced volumes and prices by negotiating contracts with longer terms, with higher per-unit pricing and for a greater percentage of our available capacity. Our service contracts may rely solely on a single type of arrangement, but more often they combine elements of two or more of the above, which helps us and our counterparties manage the extent to which each shares in the potential risks and benefits of changing commodity prices. The profitability of our refined petroleum products pipeline transportation and storage business generally is driven by the volume of refined petroleum products that we transport and the prices we receive for our services. Demand for refined petroleum products tends to track in large measure demographic and economic growth, and, with the exception of periods of time with very high product prices or recessionary conditions, demand tends to be relatively stable. Therefore, we seek to own refined petroleum products pipelines located in, or that transport to, stable or growing markets and population centers. Our liquids terminals business generally has long-term contracts that require the customer to pay regardless of whether they use the capacity. Thus, similar to our natural gas pipelines business, our liquids terminals business is less sensitive to short-term changes in supply and demand. We generally attempt to mitigate the risk of reduced volumes and pricing by negotiating contracts with longer terms, with higher per-unit pricing and for a greater percentage of our available capacity. In addition, weather-related factors such as hurricanes and other weather-related events may impact our facilities and access to them and, thus, the profitability of certain terminals for limited periods of time or, in relatively rare cases of severe damage to facilities, for longer periods. Our recent contracts have generally provided for a delivered price tied to the price of crude oil, but with a floor price. The success in our CO2 business segment is driven by the demand for CO2. However, short-term changes in the demand for CO2 typically do not have a significant impact on us due to the required minimum sales volumes under many of our contracts. We monitor the amount of capital we expend in relation to the amount of production that we expect to add. In that regard, our production during any period is an important measure. We routinely evaluate these estimates, utilizing historical experience, consultation with experts, and other methods we consider reasonable in the particular circumstances. Nevertheless, actual results may differ significantly from our estimates, and any effects on our business, financial position, or results of operations resulting from revisions to these estimates are recorded in the period in which the facts that give rise to the revision become known. We believe that our capital structure will continue to allow us to achieve our business objectives. We expect that our short-term liquidity needs will be met primarily through retained cash from operations or short-term borrowings. Our working capital balance varies due to factors such as the timing of scheduled debt payments, timing differences in the collection and payment of receivables and payables, and changes in our cash and cash equivalent balances as a result of excess cash from operations after payments for investing and financing activities.