During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018, we completed a strategic reassessment of the business resulting in total pre-tax charges of $1.1 billion, and we recognized a goodwill impairment charge of $952 million. The 2018 strategic reassessment of the business was part of our focus to build a sustainable foundation to position the company for long-term success. We have sharpened our focus on retail fundamentals, aligned our leadership team to improve our decision-making and execution, and aligned our portfolio to concentrate on our core home improvement business. We are now investing in top-selling items in job lot quantities for our pro customer. Our mission of delivering the right home improvement products, with the best service and value, across every channel and community we serve, will be achieved by winning in four key areas including driving merchandising excellence, transforming our supply chain, delivering operational efficiency, and intensifying customer engagement. We intend to transform our supply chain to enhance the overall customer experience by advancing our fulfillment and delivery capabilities, and delivering operational excellence. We want to serve customers the way they want to be served. Our commitment to return excess cash to shareholders demonstrates our resilience and adaptability in navigating financial challenges. We continue to see strong customer response to craftsman® with market share gains in each product category since introducing the brand. We are also seeing positive results from our investment in job lot quantities to better meet the needs of the pro customer. Although we still have work to do to transform this company, our four key focus areas demonstrate that we are aligned on the right initiatives to achieve our long-term targets. The increase in net cash provided by operating activities for 2018, when compared to 2017, was driven primarily by changes in working capital. Our capital expenditures generally consist of investments in our strategic initiatives to enhance our ability to serve customers, existing stores, and expansion plans. We believe that our sources of liquidity will continue to be adequate to fund our operations and investments to grow our business, repay our debt as it becomes due, pay dividends, and fund our share repurchases over the next 12 months. Our strategic initiatives aimed at improving customers' experience and driving improved performance in the near and long term reflect our organizational resilience. We have established a new leadership team and worked with that team to develop action plans to improve performance, improve in-stocks and drive a better customer experience. The decisions to exit certain non-core activities and to close under-performing stores were part of our strategic reassessment, which reflects our proactive measures to maintain operational flexibility and adaptability in response to market conditions. We have rationalized our store inventory to remove clutter and reduce lower-performing inventory. Our focus on improving productivity, driving localization, and streamlining our reset process to improve execution, as well as improving digital experiences, illustrates our commitment to resilience strategies. The comprehensive reassessment of the business and our focus on operational efficiency are critical to maintaining organizational health and effectiveness in a competitive landscape.