We discuss our operations in the following reportable business segments: North American full-service, North American limited-service, and Asia Pacific. Our emphasis on long-term management contracts and franchising tends to provide more stable earnings in periods of economic softness, while adding new hotels to our system generates growth, typically with little or no investment by the company. This strategy has driven substantial growth while minimizing financial leverage and risk in a cyclical industry. We remain focused on doing the things that we do well; that is, selling rooms, taking care of our guests, and making sure we control costs both at company-operated properties and at the corporate level. We strive to effectively leverage our size and broad distribution. We, along with owners and franchisees, continue to invest in our brands by means of new, refreshed, and reinvented properties, new room and public space designs, and enhanced amenities, technology offerings, and guest experiences. Our profitability, as well as that of owners and franchisees, has benefited from our approach to property-level and above-property productivity. Managed properties in our system continue to maintain tight cost controls. We also control above-property costs, some of which we allocate to hotels, by remaining focused on systems, processing, and support areas. Following the data security incident, we began a guest outreach effort and offered certain services to help guests monitor and protect their information. We maintain insurance designed to limit our exposure to losses such as those related to the data security incident. We expect to incur significant expenses associated with the data security incident in future periods, primarily related to legal proceedings and regulatory investigations, increased expenses and capital investments for IT and information security, incident response and customer care, and increased expenses for insurance, compliance activities, and to meet increased legal and regulatory requirements. Our 2018 full-year results reflected a year-over-year increase in the number of properties in our system, favorable demand for our brands in many markets around the world, and generally favorable economic conditions. In 2018, we added 494 properties with 80,255 rooms around the world across our portfolio of brands. The pipeline includes hotel rooms under construction and under signed contracts, and nearly 23,000 hotel rooms approved for development but not yet under signed contracts. We expect the number of our open hotel rooms will increase approximately 5.5 percent net, reflecting room exits of 1.0 to 1.5 percent. We monitor the status of the capital markets and regularly evaluate the effect that changes in capital market conditions may have on our ability to execute our announced growth plans and fund our liquidity needs. If conditions in the lodging industry deteriorate, or if disruptions in the capital markets take place, we may be unable to place some or all of our commercial paper on a temporary or extended basis and may have to rely more on borrowings under the credit facility. We believe the credit facility and our access to capital markets, together with cash we expect to generate from operations, remain adequate to meet our short-term and long-term liquidity requirements, finance our long-term growth plans, meet debt service, and fulfill other cash requirements. We expect spending on capital expenditures and other investments will total approximately $500 million to $700 million for 2019, including acquisitions, loan advances, equity and other investments, contract acquisition costs, and various capital expenditures. Over time, we seek to minimize capital invested in our business through asset sales subject to long-term operating or franchise agreements.