The company believes that ownership of real estate, combined with the co-investment by franchisees, enables us to achieve restaurant performance levels that are among the highest in the industry. The strength of the alignment among the company, its franchisees, and suppliers is key to McDonald's long-term success. By leveraging the system, McDonald's is able to identify, implement, and scale ideas that meet customers' changing needs and preferences. The company continually builds on its competitive advantages of system alignment and geographic diversification to deliver consistent, yet locally-relevant restaurant experiences to customers as an integral part of their communities. The company continues to evolve to a more heavily franchised business model, currently about 93% franchised, with a long-term goal of approximately 95%. The company will continue to make progress toward this long-term goal primarily by refranchising restaurants to conventional licensees. The company's customer-centric strategy, the velocity growth plan, is designed to drive sustainable guest count growth, which is vital to growing sales and shareholder value. The strategy focuses on retaining existing customers, regaining customers who visit less often, and converting casual to committed customers. The company has established sustainable platforms that enable execution of the plan with greater speed, efficiency, and impact while remaining focused on the fundamentals of running great restaurants. Through identified growth accelerators such as experience of the future, digital, and delivery, McDonald's enhances the overall customer experience. The company continues to build upon its investments in restaurant modernization and technology to transform the restaurant service experience and enhance the brand in the eyes of customers. The modernization efforts are designed to provide a better customer experience, leading to increased frequency of customer visits along with higher average check. The company has made further progress in rolling out digital platforms to improve convenience for customers and provide a simpler and more personalized experience. The company recognizes that its success in advancing its strategy will be demonstrated as customers continue to feel good about visiting McDonald's restaurants and eating its food. The velocity growth plan highlights the company's commitment to global priorities that are consistent with its strategic priorities and provides an opportunity to collaborate with franchisees and suppliers to drive meaningful progress. The company continues to focus on improving the taste of its food, enhancing convenience, offering compelling value, and upholding the trust consumers place in its brand, which will enhance its ability to deliver long-term sustainable growth. The company has demonstrated an ability to manage inflationary cost increases effectively, which is due to rapid inventory turnover, the ability to adjust menu prices, cost controls, and substantial property holdings. The company’s cash provided by operations and free cash flow reflects its capacity to fund operating and discretionary spending, which supports its operational continuity and resilience in the face of market challenges.