We believe our retail segment operates the second largest chain of company-owned and operated retail gasoline and convenience stores in the United States, with approximately 3,920 convenience stores, primarily under the Speedway brand, and 1,065 direct dealer locations, primarily under the Arco brand, across the United States. The acquisition of Andeavor on October 1, 2018, significantly increased our geographic diversification and scale, strengthening each of our operating segments by diversifying our refining portfolio into attractive markets and increasing access to advantaged feedstocks, enhancing our midstream footprint in the Permian Basin, and creating a nationwide retail and marketing portfolio, all of which is expected to substantially improve efficiencies and our ability to serve customers. We expect the combination to generate up to approximately $1.4 billion in gross run-rate synergies within the first three years, significantly enhancing our long-term cash flow generation profile. Our operations consist of three reportable operating segments: refining & marketing; retail; and midstream. Each of these segments is organized and managed based upon the nature of the products and services they offer. The profitability of our pipeline transportation operations primarily depends on tariff rates and the volumes shipped through the pipelines, while the profitability of our marine operations primarily depends on the quantity and availability of our vessels and barges. The profitability of our refining logistics operations depends on the quantity and availability of our refining logistics assets. We continuously evaluate our capital plan and make changes as conditions warrant, which reflects our adaptability and operational flexibility in response to market dynamics. Our integrated midstream energy asset network links producers of natural gas and NGLs from some of the largest supply basins in the United States to domestic and international markets, showcasing our strategic initiatives in resource deployment and operational continuity. We have various long-term, fee-based commercial agreements with MPLX and Andeavor, which provide transportation, storage, distribution, and marketing services, demonstrating our commitment to business continuity and resilience strategies. The midstream segment primarily reflects the results of MPLX and Andeavor, which own and operate crude oil and light product transportation and logistics infrastructure, as well as gathering, processing, and fractionation assets. Our retail fuel margin for gasoline and distillate, which is the price paid by consumers or direct dealers less the cost of refined products, including transportation, consumer excise taxes, and bankcard processing fees, impacts the retail segment profitability. We believe we are one of the largest wholesale suppliers of gasoline and distillates to resellers in the United States, which enhances our competitive advantage in the market. Our refining & marketing margin is the difference between the prices of refined products sold and the costs of crude oil and other charge and blendstocks refined, including the costs to transport these inputs to our refineries and the costs of products purchased for resale. We are committed to maintaining operational flexibility and resilience through strategic investments and resource management, ensuring our capacity to adapt to external pressures and environmental disruptions while striving for organizational success and sustainability.