During the second quarter of 2018, we modified our internal reporting structure to better align the way financial information is reported to and analyzed by executive leadership in part as a result of recent acquisitions contributing to the growth within the newly-aligned services and software segment. Our technology platforms in communications, software, video, and services make cities safer and help communities and businesses thrive. We serve our customers with a global footprint of sales in more than 100 countries and 16,000 employees worldwide based on our industry-leading innovation and a deep portfolio of products and services. Our services and software business supplements our land mobile radio (LMR) business. As communication networks have become increasingly complex, software-centric, and data-driven, we have expanded our services offering to maintain, monitor, secure, and manage our customers' networks. We expect continued growth for our value-added services going forward. The increase in net sales was driven by growth excluding acquisitions in both services and software and also including the acquisitions of Plant, Kodiak Networks, and Interexport. The 13% growth in the products and systems integration segment was driven by incremental revenue from the acquisitions of Avigilon and Interexport, as well as system deployments in EMEA and AP. The 20% growth in the services and software segment was driven by incremental revenue primarily from the acquisitions of Plant and Avigilon and growth in our command center software suite. We have invested organically and via acquisitions to add new capabilities to our command center software offering. These investments help improve efficiency for first responders by enabling them to make use of rich data content such as pictures, video, and text messages. We remain committed to driving shareholder value with revenue growth, operating leverage, cash flow generation, and efficient capital deployment. Our framework for efficient capital deployment of cash flow from operations consists of approximately 50% for acquisitions or share repurchases, 30% for dividends, and 20% for investments in the business through capital expenditures. We believe that we have adequate internal resources available to fund expected working capital and capital expenditure requirements for the next twelve months as supported by the level of cash and cash equivalents in the U.S., the ability to repatriate funds from foreign jurisdictions, cash provided by operations, as well as liquidity provided by our $2.2 billion revolving credit facility. We do not expect to make any material contributions to our pension plans in 2019. The reorganization of business accruals at December 31, 2018 were $105 million, of which $84 million relates to employee separation costs that are expected to be paid within one year and $21 million relates primarily to lease termination obligations that are expected to be paid over a number of years. We have continued to implement various productivity improvement plans aimed at achieving long-term, sustainable profitability by driving efficiencies and reducing operating costs. Our share repurchase program has approximately $1.6 billion of authority available as of December 31, 2018. We have a number of performance bonds, bid bonds, standby letters of credit, and surety bonds outstanding, primarily relating to projects with our government customers. These performance bonds normally have maturities of multiple years and are standard in the industry as a way to give customers a convenient mechanism to seek resolution if a contractor does not satisfy certain requirements under a contract.