Under the strategic direction that we have been implementing over the past two years, we have focused on maximizing the resources, people, and capital allocated to our largest growth opportunities, particularly in our market technology and information services businesses. Our investments include our organic initiatives, notably the Nasdaq financial framework and related initiatives to deliver our marketplace expertise to banks, brokers, and market operators outside the financial industry, as well as to provide compliance capabilities to the buy-side. We have been able to create strategic relationships across broker-dealers, investment professionals, corporate clients, and other global market centers, which then provides the potential to expand those relationships with our technology and analytics capabilities. Our strategy includes identifying acquisitions that both complement our strengths and extend our capabilities, as well as offer opportunities for revenue and expense synergies and increased shareholder value. Factors affecting our business performance include macroeconomic events affecting the risk and return of financial assets, investor sentiment, government and private sector demands for capital, the regulatory environment for capital markets, and changes in technology. The demand for information about, or access to, our markets is dependent on the products we trade, our importance as a liquidity center, and the quality and pricing of our market data and trade management services. We are subject to the risk of fluctuating interest rates in the normal course of business, and our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to our financial investments and debt obligations. We limit our exposure to credit risk by evaluating the counterparties with which we make investments and execute agreements. Our clearinghouse holds material amounts of clearing member cash deposits which are held or invested primarily to provide security of capital while minimizing credit, market, and liquidity risks. We monitor liquidity requirements closely and maintain funds and assets in a manner that minimizes the risk of loss or delay in access by the clearinghouse to such funds and assets. We are exposed to credit risk from third parties, including customers, counterparties, and clearing agents. These parties may default on their obligations to us due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure, or other reasons. We seek to achieve a reasonable rate of return while primarily concerned with the preservation of capital and managing the risks associated with these deposits. The business environment that we expect may influence our financial performance may be characterized by rapidly evolving technology for our businesses and their clients, increased demand for applications using emerging technologies and sophisticated analytics, and intense competition among U.S. exchanges and dealer-owned systems for cash equity trading. Our future revenues and net income will continue to be influenced by a number of domestic and international economic trends, including the challenges created by the automation of market data consumption, regulatory changes relating to market structure, and the demand for information about our markets. We have implemented policies and procedures to measure, manage, monitor, and report risk exposures, which are reviewed regularly by management and the board of directors. We perform sensitivity analyses to determine the effects of market risk exposures. Our technology powers markets across the globe, supporting equity derivative trading, clearing and settlement, cash equity trading, fixed income trading, trading surveillance, and many other functions.