We are one of the nation's premier transportation companies. Our Norfolk Southern Railway Company subsidiary operates approximately 19,500 route miles in 22 states and the District of Columbia, serves every major container port in the eastern United States, and provides efficient connections to other rail carriers. Norfolk Southern is a major transporter of industrial products, including chemicals, agriculture, and metals and construction materials. In addition, the railroad operates the most extensive intermodal network in the East and is a principal carrier of coal, automobiles, and automotive parts. Progress on our strategic initiatives established in 2015 has created a sustainable platform positioning us for the continued execution of transformational changes that will provide greater long-term value for our shareholders. Income from railway operations rose in both comparisons resulting from higher railway operating revenues that more than offset higher expenses. Revenue growth was tempered by increased adjusted operating expenses. The increase in purchased services in 2018 was largely the result of higher intermodal volume-related costs, additional transportation and engineering activities, as well as higher technology costs. In 2018, expenses rose due to higher fuel prices as well as volume-related increases and costs associated with overall lower network velocity, partially offset by higher property sales. Our employment averaged 26,662 in 2018, compared with 27,110 in 2017, and 28,044 in 2016. The increase in purchased services in 2018 was largely the result of the absence of the benefit from the 2017 tax adjustments. We expect cash on hand combined with cash provided by operating activities will be sufficient to meet our ongoing obligations. Our goal is to maintain a capital structure with appropriate leverage to support our business strategy and provide flexibility through business cycles. We discuss our credit agreement and our accounts receivable securitization program, and we have authority from our board of directors to issue an additional $1.2 billion of debt or equity securities through public or private sale, all of which provide for access to additional liquidity should the need arise. The effective income tax rate was 23.1% in 2018, compared with negative 72.8% in 2017 and 35.4% in 2016. Both 2018 and 2016 benefited from favorable reductions in deferred taxes for state tax law changes and certain business tax credits. We have a $50 million valuation allowance on $425 million of deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2018, reflecting the expectation that almost all of these assets will be realized. Our consolidated federal income tax return for 2015 is currently being audited by the IRS. We do not expect that the resolution of the examination will have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. We experienced an overall increase in expense compared to the prior year, reflecting higher fuel expense, incentive compensation, inflationary increases, and volume-related costs, partially offset by improved productivity and increased equity in earnings of certain investees as a result of the enactment of tax reform. The preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. We regularly review these estimates and assumptions based on historical experience, changes in the business environment, and other factors we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. The 2015 bargaining round is now complete with finalized agreements in place with all employees. All of the newly negotiated agreements have moratorium provisions that will reopen the agreements for negotiation beginning January 1, 2020.