Our natural gas gathering and processing segment is investing in growth projects in ngl-rich areas, including the bakken shale and three forks formations in the williston basin and the stack and scoop areas, that we expect will enable us to meet the needs of crude oil and natural gas producers in those areas. We are responding to this growing demand by constructing assets to meet the needs of natural gas processors and producers across our operating regions, including the williston, permian, powder river and dj basins and the stack and scoop areas. We expect these growth projects to provide long-term fee-based earnings and incremental cash flows. We have spent approximately $2 billion of our announced $6 billion of additional capital-growth projects, including ngl pipelines, ngl fractionators and natural gas processing plants, that are designed to serve the expected growth and needs of natural gas processors and producers and the petrochemical industry. Our growth strategy in our natural gas liquids segment is focused around the crude oil and ngl-rich natural gas drilling activity in shale and other nonconventional resource areas from the rocky mountain region through the mid-continent region and the permian basin. We continue to evaluate opportunities to increase the capacity of our gathering, fractionation, storage and distribution assets or construct new assets to connect supply growth from the williston and powder river basins, mid-continent region and permian basin with end-use markets. We expect our cash outflows related to capital expenditures and dividends paid to increase due to our announced capital-growth projects and higher anticipated dividends per share. We expect our sources of cash inflow to provide sufficient resources to finance our operations, capital expenditures and quarterly cash dividends, including expected future dividend increases. Our centralized cash management program provides that funds in excess of the daily needs of our operating subsidiaries are concentrated, consolidated or otherwise made available for use by other entities within our consolidated group. Our operating cash flows can also be impacted by changes in our natural gas and ngl inventory balances, which are driven primarily by commodity prices, supply, demand and the operation of our assets. Cash flows from operating activities, before changes in operating assets and liabilities, increased to $2.0 billion for 2018, compared with $1.5 billion for 2017. This increase is due primarily to higher earnings resulting from volume growth in the williston basin and stack and scoop areas in our natural gas gathering and processing and natural gas liquids segments and higher optimization and marketing earnings due primarily to wider location price differentials in our natural gas liquids segment. Our ability to absorb strain and preserve or improve functioning despite the presence of adversity is reflected in our strategic initiatives and operational flexibility. We expect to continue to fund capital projects primarily with cash from operations, short-term borrowings and long-term debt. We manage interest-rate risk through the use of fixed-rate debt, floating-rate debt, interest-rate swaps and treasury lock contracts. We believe this non-GAAP financial measure is useful to investors because it and similar measures are used by many companies in our industry as a measurement of financial performance and is commonly employed by financial analysts and others to evaluate our financial performance and to compare financial performance among companies in our industry. Our capital expenditures increased in 2018, compared with 2017, due primarily to capital-growth projects in progress. We do not expect this working capital deficit to have an adverse impact on our cash flows or operations.