We begin management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations with an overview of our businesses and significant trends. Our applications, platform and infrastructure offerings are delivered to customers worldwide through a variety of flexible and interoperable IT deployment models, including cloud-based, on-premise, or hybrid, which enable customer choice and flexibility. Providing choice and flexibility to our customers as to when and how they deploy our applications, platform and infrastructure technologies is an important element of our corporate strategy. In recent periods, customer demand has increased for our Oracle cloud services. To address customer demand and enable customer choice, we have introduced certain programs for customers to pivot their applications, platform and infrastructure licenses and license support to the Oracle cloud for new deployments and to migrate to and expand with the Oracle cloud for their existing workloads. Our cloud services revenues growth and our cloud license and on-premise license revenues growth are affected by the strength of general economic and business conditions, governmental budgetary constraints, the strategy for and competitive position of our offerings, our acquisitions, and our ability to deliver and renew our cloud services contracts with our existing customers. Our selective and active acquisition program is another important element of our corporate strategy. We expect to continue to acquire companies, products, services, and technologies in furtherance of our corporate strategy. We believe that we can fund our future acquisitions with our internally available cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, cash generated from operations, additional borrowings or from the issuance of additional securities. We assess whether fees are fixed or determinable at the time of sale and recognize revenues if all other revenue recognition requirements are met. Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and we consider the various staff accounting bulletins and other applicable guidance issued by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). We believe that the estimates, judgments, and assumptions upon which we rely are reasonable based upon information available to us at the time that these estimates, judgments, and assumptions are made. Our services business helps customers and partners maximize the performance of their investments in Oracle applications, platform and infrastructure technologies. We believe that our services are differentiated based on our focus on Oracle technologies, extensive experience, and broad sets of intellectual property and best practices. Our services offerings include consulting services, advanced support services, and education services. We continue to invest significantly in our research and development efforts because, in our judgment, they are essential to maintaining our competitive position. Our management approved, committed to and initiated restructuring plans that were generally developed to improve our cost structure and/or operations, often in conjunction with our acquisition integration strategies. Restructuring expenses consist of employee severance costs and may also include charges for duplicate facilities and other contract termination costs to improve our cost structure prospectively. We believe that our current cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditures and contractual obligation requirements. We believe we have sufficient cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities balances, as well as access to other capital resources, if required, to settle the one-time transition tax described. We expect the enactment of the tax act to generally provide greater flexibility for us to access and utilize our cash, cash equivalent and marketable securities balances held by certain of our foreign subsidiaries as of January 1, 2018, as well as for prospective assets generated by these foreign subsidiaries’ future earnings and profits.