In management's discussion and analysis, we provide a historical and prospective narrative of our general financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and certain other factors that may affect our future results, including key events and recent developments within our company. We believe the key drivers of current and future demand for the products sold within the automotive aftermarket include the number of U.S. miles driven, the number of U.S. registered vehicles, new light vehicle registrations, average vehicle age and unemployment. Operating within the retail industry, we are influenced by a number of general macroeconomic factors including, but not limited to, fuel costs, unemployment rates, consumer preferences and spending habits, and competition. We have ongoing initiatives aimed at tailoring our product offering to adjust to customers' changing preferences, and we also have initiatives focused on marketing and training to educate customers on the advantages of ongoing vehicle maintenance. We remain confident in our ability to gain market share in our existing markets and grow our business in new markets by focusing on our dual market strategy and the core O'Reilly values of hard work and excellent customer service. The increase in average age can be attributed to better engineered and manufactured vehicles, which can be reliably driven at higher mileages due to better quality power trains and interiors and exteriors, and the consumer's willingness to invest in maintaining these higher-mileage, better built vehicles. We believe consumers will continue to invest in these reliable, higher-quality, higher-mileage vehicles and these investments, along with an increasing total light vehicle fleet, will support continued demand for automotive aftermarket products. Decreased demand for our products or changes in customer buying patterns could negatively impact our ability to generate funds from operations. Additionally, decreased demand or changes in buying patterns could impact our ability to meet the debt covenants of our credit agreement and, therefore, negatively impact the funds available under our unsecured revolving credit facility. We believe that cash expected to be provided by operating activities and availability under our unsecured revolving credit facility will be sufficient to fund both our short-term and long-term capital and liquidity needs for the foreseeable future. Our long-term business strategy requires capital to open new stores, fund strategic acquisitions, expand distribution infrastructure, operate and maintain our existing stores and may include the opportunistic repurchase of shares of our common stock through our board-approved share repurchase program. We opened 200 net, new stores during the year ended December 31, 2018, compared to opening 190 net, new stores during the year ended December 31, 2017. We plan to open 200 to 210 net, new stores in 2019. The increase in gross profit dollars for the year ended December 31, 2018, was primarily the result of sales from new stores and the increase in comparable store sales at existing stores. The increase in total SG&A dollars for the year ended December 31, 2018, was primarily the result of additional team members, facilities and vehicles to support our increased sales and store count. We have historically been able to provide a timely and accurate measurement of shrink and have not experienced material adjustments to our estimates. Our self-insurance reserves liabilities are recorded on our consolidated balance sheets at our estimate of their net present value and do not have scheduled maturities; however, we can estimate the timing of future payments based upon historical patterns. We expect to fund these commitments primarily with operating cash flows expected to be generated in the normal course of business or through borrowings under our revolving credit facility.