We are a leading provider of integrated human capital management ("HCM") solutions for payroll, human resource ("HR"), retirement, and insurance services for small- to medium-sized businesses. Our strategy focuses on flexible, convenient service; industry-leading, integrated technology; solid sales execution; providing a comprehensive suite of value-added HCM services; continued service penetration; and engaging in strategic acquisitions, when possible. We believe that investing in our products, people, and service capabilities will position us to capitalize on opportunities for long-term growth. Our mission is to be the leading provider of payroll, HR, and employee benefits services for small and mid-sized companies by being an essential partner with America's businesses. We maintain industry-leading margins by managing our personnel costs and expenses while continuing to invest in our business, particularly in leading-edge technology. Our financial results for fiscal 2018 reflect another year of steady growth, with HR services revenue continuing to experience strong growth driven by increases in client bases across various HCM services. Our payroll processing services include payroll processing, payroll tax administration services, employee payment services, and regulatory compliance services. We support small-business companies through our core payroll, utilizing our proprietary, robust, software-as-a-service ("SaaS") Paychex Flex® platform, and our SurePayroll® SaaS-based products. We continue to focus on driving growth in the number of clients, revenue, and profits, while providing industry-leading service and technology solutions to our clients and their employees. We believe these investments are critical to our success. Our financial position as of May 31, 2018, remained strong with cash and total corporate investments of $719.7 million and no debt. We anticipate that cash and total corporate investments, along with projected operating cash flows and available short-term financing, will support our normal business operations, capital purchases, share repurchases, and dividend payments for the foreseeable future. We have entered into various operating leases and purchase obligations that are not reflected on the consolidated balance sheets. We also maintain insurance coverage in addition to our purchased primary insurance policies for various risks. Our commitment to delivering superior technology and service solutions to our Paychex clients is evidenced by the continued strong growth in client worksite employees for both our administrative services organization and professional employer organization. We continue to strengthen our position as an expert in our industry by serving as a source of education and information to clients, small businesses, and other interested parties. Our operational flexibility and strategic response to changing market conditions enable us to maintain a competitive advantage, ensuring our resilience in the face of external pressures and disruptive events. The acquisition of businesses, such as HROI and Lessor, contributes to our ability to adapt and reconfigure our service offerings to meet evolving customer needs. We believe that our organizational capabilities, including our focus on innovation and strategic initiatives, are essential for maintaining performance under pressure and achieving long-term sustainability.