Our business plan is designed to achieve growth while managing the risks associated with fluctuating commodity prices and changes in customer demand. At PSE&G, our focus is on enhancing system reliability and resiliency, meeting customer expectations and supporting public policy objectives by investing capital in transmission and distribution infrastructure and clean energy projects. Over the next five years, we expect to invest between $11 billion and $16 billion in our business which is expected to provide an annual rate base growth of 7%-9%. We completed our Energy Strong Program I and essentially completed our Gas System Modernization Program I. In June 2018, we filed for our Energy Strong Program II, a proposed five-year $2.5 billion program to harden, modernize and make our electric and gas distribution systems more resilient. The size and duration of this program are subject to BPU approval. The BPU adopted infrastructure investment program regulations that encourage utilities to construct, install, or remediate utility plant and facilities related to reliability, resiliency, and/or safety to support the provision of safe and adequate service. Under these regulations, utilities can seek authority to make specified infrastructure investments in programs extending for up to five years with accelerated cost recovery mechanisms. We continually assess a broad range of strategic options to maximize long-term stockholder value. In assessing our options, we consider a wide variety of factors, including the performance and prospects of our businesses; the views of investors, regulators, customers, and rating agencies; our existing indebtedness and restrictions it imposes; and tax considerations. Strategic options available to us include investments in capital improvements and additions, including the installation of environmental upgrades and retrofits, improvements to system resiliency, and modernizing existing infrastructure. Our financial strength is predicated on a solid balance sheet, positive operating cash flow, and reasonable risk-adjusted returns on increased investment. We expect to be able to fund our planned capital requirements without the issuance of new equity. Our commitments for load, such as basic generation service in New Jersey and other bilateral supply contracts, are backed by this generation or may be combined with the use of physical commodity purchases and financial instruments from the market to optimize the economic efficiency of serving our obligations. Power continues to move its fleet toward improved efficiency and believes that its investment program enhances its competitive position with the addition of efficient, clean, reliable combined cycle gas turbine capacity. Our investments in Keys Energy Center, Sewaren 7, and Bridgeport Harbor Station Unit 5 reflect our recognition of the value of opportunistic growth in the power business. Flexibility in our generating fleet has allowed us to take advantage of opportunities in a rapidly evolving market as we remain diligent in managing costs. We emphasize operational performance while developing opportunities in both our competitive and regulated businesses. Our utility achieved continued strong reliability and customer satisfaction results, as well as comprehensive storm preparation and restoration efforts, and ongoing cost control. We expect to continue to maintain strong operational and financial performance in an environment with low gas prices, to capitalize on or otherwise address regulatory and legislative developments that impact our business, and to respond to the issues and challenges described.