The company is a leading worldwide diversified manufacturer of motion and control technologies and systems, providing precision engineered solutions for a wide variety of mobile, industrial and aerospace markets. The company believes many opportunities for profitable growth are available and intends to focus primarily on business opportunities in the areas of energy, water, food, environment, defense, life sciences, infrastructure and transportation. The company believes it can meet its strategic objectives by serving the customer and continuously enhancing its experience with the company, successfully executing its win strategy initiatives relating to engaged people, premier customer experience, profitable growth and financial performance, maintaining its decentralized division and sales company structure, fostering a safety first and entrepreneurial culture, engineering innovative systems and products to provide superior customer value through improved service, efficiency and productivity, delivering products, systems and services that have demonstrable savings to customers and are priced by the value they deliver, acquiring strategic businesses, organizing around targeted regions, technologies and markets, driving efficiency by implementing lean enterprise principles, and creating a culture of empowerment through its values, inclusion and diversity, accountability and teamwork. The diversified industrial segment operations experienced significant increases in net sales, attributed to higher demand from distributors and end users in various markets. The increase in operating margins in the diversified industrial international operations was primarily due to higher sales volume and lower operating expenses resulting from restructuring activities and the company's simplification initiative, resulting in manufacturing efficiencies. The company anticipates that cost savings realized from the workforce reduction measures taken during 2018 will increase 2019 operating income by approximately three percent in both the diversified industrial north american and diversified industrial international operations. The company expects to continue to take actions necessary to structure appropriately the operations of the diversified industrial segment, including the continued integration of 2017 acquisitions. The increase in total diversified industrial segment backlog was primarily due to orders exceeding shipments in the Asia Pacific region and North America. The company is in compliance with all covenants and expects to remain in compliance during the term of the credit agreements and indentures. The company continually monitors its reporting units for impairment indicators and updates assumptions used in the most recent calculation of the fair value of a reporting unit as appropriate. The company has determined it will no longer permanently reinvest certain foreign earnings. The company's ability to borrow funds at desirable tenors and interest rates in 2018 and 2017 was not significantly impacted by certain ratings on senior debt that were below an "A" level. The company believes that its receivables are collectible and appropriate allowances for doubtful accounts have been recorded. The company has a number of loss exposures incurred in the ordinary course of business such as environmental claims, product liability and litigation reserves. Establishing loss accruals for these matters requires management's estimate and judgment with regards to risk exposure and ultimate liability or realization. The company has consistently used a discount rate commensurate with its cost of capital, adjusted for inherent business risks, and an appropriate terminal growth factor. The results of the company's 2018 annual goodwill impairment test indicated that no goodwill impairment existed. The company anticipates diversified industrial north american sales for 2019 will increase between 2.6 and 5.6 percent from the 2018 level and diversified industrial international sales for 2019 will range between a 2.5 percent decrease and 0.5 percent increase from the 2018 level. The company recognizes that changes in business relationships with major customers, suppliers or distributors, including delays or cancellations in shipments, may affect future performance.