We are leading a transformation in the tobacco industry to create a smoke-free future and ultimately replace cigarettes with smoke-free products to the benefit of adults who would otherwise continue to smoke, society, the company and its shareholders. We are building a future on a new category of smoke-free products that, while not risk-free, are a much better choice than continuing to smoke. Through multidisciplinary capabilities in product development, state-of-the-art facilities and scientific substantiation, we aim to ensure that our smoke-free products meet adult consumer preferences and rigorous regulatory requirements. Our iqos smoke-free product brand portfolio includes heated tobacco and nicotine-containing vapor products. To provide a greater focus on both parts of our business - combustible and reduced-risk products - and to support our transformation toward a smoke-free future, effective January 1, 2018, we began managing our business in six reportable segments. We have a wide range of premium, mid-price and low-price brands. In addition to the manufacture and sale of cigarettes, we are engaged in the development and commercialization of reduced-risk products. We use the term net revenues to refer to our operating revenues from the sale of our products, including shipping and handling charges billed to customers, net of sales and promotion incentives, and excise taxes. Our net revenues and operating income are affected by various factors, including the volume of products we sell, the price of our products, changes in currency exchange rates and the mix of products we sell. Our marketing, administration and research costs include the costs of marketing and selling our products, other costs generally not related to the manufacture of our products, and costs incurred to develop new products. The most significant components of our marketing, administration and research costs are marketing and sales expenses and general and administrative expenses. Our principal sources of funds, including funds to make payment on our debt securities, are from the receipt of dividends and repayment of debt from our subsidiaries. Our principal wholly owned and majority-owned subsidiaries currently are not limited by long-term debt or other agreements in their ability to pay cash dividends or to make other distributions with respect to their common stock that are otherwise compliant with law. The change in our net revenues from the comparable 2017 amount was driven by favorable pricing variance, partly offset by unfavorable volume/mix, primarily reflecting unfavorable cigarette volume/mix. The unfavorable cigarette volume/mix was partly offset by favorable heated tobacco unit volume in several regions. The unfavorable currency impact during 2018 results from the fluctuations of the U.S. dollar, which has impacted our profitability across our primary revenue markets and local currency cost bases. The decrease in diluted EPS from our operations was due primarily to unfavorable volume/mix and higher marketing, administration and research costs in various segments, partially offset by favorable pricing. We estimate that our 2019 effective tax rate will be approximately 23%, reflecting the current analysis, interpretation and clarifications of the scope and impact of the tax cuts and jobs act. The tax cuts and jobs act has significant complexity, and our final full-year effective tax rate may differ from this estimate, due to additional guidance that may be issued by the U.S. Treasury Department and the Internal Revenue Service.