Management's discussion and analysis highlights that our self-storage operations generate most of our net income, and we believe that our earnings growth is most impacted by the level of organic growth in our existing self-storage portfolio. We believe that our centralized information networks, national telephone and online reservation system, the brand name "public storage," and our economies of scale enable us to meet challenges effectively. Our development and redevelopment activities are beneficial to our business over the long run; however, in the short run, such activities dilute our earnings due to the three to four year period that it takes to fill up newly developed and redeveloped storage facilities and reach a stabilized level of cash flows. We expect to continue to seek additional development projects; however, the level of such activity may be limited due to various constraints such as difficulty in finding available sites that meet our risk-adjusted yield expectations, as well as challenges in obtaining building permits for self-storage activities in certain municipalities. We believe that our geographic diversification and scale provide some insulation from localized economic effects and add to the stability of our cash flows. We are taking a number of actions to improve demand into our system, including increasing marketing spend on the internet, offering competitive rental rates, and continuing to offer promotional discounts to new tenants. Our future rental growth will depend upon many factors for each market that we operate in, including demand for self-storage space, the level of new supply of self-storage space, and the average length of stay of our tenants. We believe that the current trends in move-in, move-out, in-place contractual rents, and occupancy levels are consistent with continued moderate revenue growth. However, there can be no assurance of continued revenue growth, as current trends are volatile and subject to many unpredictable factors. Our capital resources over the next year are expected to be approximately $1.1 billion, which exceeds our current planned capital needs over the next year of approximately $711.4 million. We expect to fund our capital requirements with retained operating cash flow, the issuance of additional medium or long-term debt, and proceeds from the issuance of common and preferred securities. Our financial profile is characterized by strong credit metrics, including low leverage relative to our total capitalization and operating cash flows. We have a $500.0 million revolving line of credit which we occasionally use as temporary "bridge" financing until we can raise longer-term capital. Our planned capital needs over the next year consist of remaining spend on our current development pipeline, property acquisitions currently under contract, and principal repayments on existing debt. We expect to continue to seek to acquire properties; however, there is significant competition to acquire existing facilities, and therefore the dollar value of acquisitions is unpredictable. We believe that our management and operating infrastructure allows us to generate higher net operating income from newly acquired facilities than was achieved by the previous owners, although it can take 24 or more months to fully achieve the higher net operating income. Our current pipeline of redevelopment projects will result in the demolishment of additional net rentable square feet of space, and the build of additional net rentable square feet of storage space. We believe that our development and redevelopment activities are beneficial to our business over the long run, contributing to our organizational resilience.