We have developed strong strategic alliances with numerous customers and strive to develop and maintain our status as a preferred service provider to our customers. Our integrated operations and common administrative support for our operating units require that certain allocations be made to determine segment profitability, including allocations of shared and indirect costs. Our services are typically provided pursuant to master service agreements, repair and maintenance contracts, and fixed price and non-fixed price installation contracts. The services we provide include the design, installation, upgrade, repair, and maintenance of infrastructure within each of the industries we serve. We operate primarily in the United States; however, we derived significant revenues from foreign operations, particularly in Canada. Our business is subject to seasonal and other variations influenced by weather, customer spending patterns, bidding seasons, and project timing. We have experienced an increase in demand for our natural gas distribution services as a result of improved economic conditions, lower natural gas prices, and a significant need to upgrade and replace aging infrastructure. We are focused on long-term profitable growth and continuing to distinguish ourselves through safe execution and best-in-class field leadership. Our customers are also seeking additional specialized labor resources to address an aging utility workforce and labor availability issues, increasing pressure to reduce costs and improve reliability. We believe these trends will continue, possibly to the point where customer demand for labor resources will outpace the supply of industry resources. We are taking proactive steps to develop our workforce, including through strategic relationships with universities, the military, and unions; the expansion and development of our training facility; and the acquisition and development of our postsecondary educational institution. Our industry can be highly cyclical, and our volume of business may be adversely affected by declines or delays in new projects due to cyclicality, which may vary by geographic region. The timing of project awards and unanticipated changes in project schedules can create fluctuations in the level of operating activity. We believe there are growth opportunities across the industries we serve and continue to have a positive long-term outlook. Overall, favorable end-market drivers have spurred demand for infrastructure services in both our electric power infrastructure services and pipeline and industrial infrastructure services segments. We continue to evaluate potential strategic acquisitions and investments to broaden our customer base, expand our geographic area of operations, grow our portfolio of services, and increase opportunities across our operations. We believe that attractive growth opportunities exist primarily due to the highly fragmented and evolving nature of the industries in which we operate and adjacent industries. We are well-positioned to capitalize on opportunities and trends in the industries we serve with our full-service operations, broad geographic reach, financial position, and technical expertise. Our ability to take advantage of available opportunities is limited by our ability to employ, train, and retain the necessary skilled personnel. We monitor financial markets and national and global economic conditions for factors that may affect our liquidity and capital resources, and we consider our investment policies related to cash and cash equivalents to be conservative. We do not anticipate that any weakness in the capital markets will have a material impact on our principal amounts or our ability to rely upon our senior secured credit facility for funds.