The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this annual report. We continue to invest significant resources toward advancements primarily in support of 4G- and 5G-based technologies as well as other technologies to extend the demand for our products and generate new or expanded licensing opportunities, including within adjacent industry segments outside traditional cellular industries, such as automotive, the Internet of Things (IoT), and networking. We expect our business to be impacted by industry dynamics, including concentration of device share among a few companies within the premium tier, resulting in significant supply chain leverage for those companies, and exacerbating the negative impact to our business and financial results if any of those companies do not utilize our chipsets. We are currently in dispute with Apple surrounding what we believe is an attempt by Apple to reduce the amount of royalties that its contract manufacturers are required to pay to us for use of our intellectual property. Unfavorable resolutions of one or more of these matters have had and could in the future have a material adverse effect on our business with remedies that include, among others, injunctions, monetary damages or fines or other orders to pay money, and the issuance of orders to cease certain conduct and/or modify our business practices. We expect these companies will continue to take such actions in the future, resulting in increased legal costs and negatively impacting our future revenues, as well as our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows until the respective disputes are resolved. We continue to execute on a series of targeted actions across our businesses to reduce annual costs by $1 billion, excluding incremental costs resulting from any future acquisition of a business. We expect these cost reductions to be fully captured in fiscal 2019. Our QCT segment's revenues, as well as profitability, may similarly decline unless offset by sales of integrated circuit products to other customers, including those outside of traditional cellular industries, such as the IoT, automotive, and networking. We expect initial commercial 5G network deployments and device launches to begin in calendar 2019. We believe that 5G technologies will empower a new era of smartphones and connected devices. We also believe that 5G will drive transformation across industries beyond traditional cellular communications that will create new business models and new services. We expect our business to be impacted by the ongoing rollout of 4G services in emerging regions, which will encourage competition and growth, bringing the benefits of 3G/4G LTE multi-mode to consumers. We are also investing in targeted opportunities that leverage our existing technical and business expertise to deploy new business models and enter and/or expand into new industry segments and applications. We believe our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, our expected cash flow generated from operations, and our expected financing activities will satisfy our working and other capital requirements for at least the next 12 months based on our current business plans. Our restructuring accrual was $83 million at September 30, 2018, and we expect to incur additional restructuring and restructuring-related charges of up to $100 million. We are subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions, and the assessment of our income tax positions involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws and regulations in various taxing jurisdictions. We continue to devote resources to working with and educating participants in the wireless value chain and governments as to the benefits of our licensing program and our extensive technology investments in promoting a highly competitive and innovative wireless industry.