We are a fully integrated biotechnology company that discovers, invents, develops, manufactures, and commercializes medicines for the treatment of serious diseases. Developing and commercializing new medicines entails significant risk and expense. Our ability to continue to generate profits and positive cash flow from operations depends significantly on our continued success in commercializing Eylea. We expect to incur substantial expenses related to our research and development activities, which require additional resources. The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are rapidly evolving and highly competitive, and new developments may render our products and technologies uncompetitive or obsolete. Our financial results may fluctuate from quarter to quarter and will depend on various factors, including the scope and progress of our research and development efforts, the timing of certain expenses, and the continuation of our collaborations. There are numerous uncertainties associated with drug development, including uncertainties related to safety and efficacy data from each phase of drug development, uncertainties related to the enrollment and performance of clinical trials, changes in regulatory requirements, and changes in the competitive landscape affecting a product candidate. The lengthy process of seeking FDA approvals and subsequent compliance with applicable statutes and regulations require the expenditure of substantial resources. Any failure to obtain, or delay in obtaining, regulatory approvals could materially adversely affect our business. We cannot predict whether new products or new indications for marketed products will receive regulatory approval or, if any such approval is received, whether we will be able to successfully commercialize such products. The amount required to fund operations will depend on various factors, including revenues from net product sales, the potential regulatory approval and commercialization of our product candidates, and the status of competitive products. We believe that our existing capital resources, borrowing availability under our revolving credit facility, and funds generated by anticipated Eylea net product sales will enable us to meet our projected operating needs for the foreseeable future. Our obligation to pay certain amounts may increase or be reduced based on relevant future events. We enter into research collaboration and licensing agreements that may require us to pay amounts upon the achievement of various development and commercial milestones. Under our antibody and immuno-oncology collaborations with Sanofi and our collaboration with Bayer for Eylea outside the United States, we and our collaborator share profits and losses in connection with commercialization of drug products. If the applicable collaboration is profitable, we have contingent contractual obligations to reimburse Sanofi and Bayer for a defined percentage of agreed-upon development expenses funded by them. We expect that, for the foreseeable future, a portion of our share of profits from sales of Eylea outside the United States and a portion of our share of profits from sales of Dupixent, Praluent, and Kevzara will be used to reimburse our collaborators for these obligations. The preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts and related disclosures. Changes in estimates or the use of different assumptions could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.