We are a diversified technology company. We pursue consistent and sustainable growth in earnings and cash flow by emphasizing continuous improvement in the operating performance of our existing businesses and by acquiring other carefully selected businesses. Our acquisitions have represented both new strategic platforms and additions to existing businesses. The growth in cash provided by operating activities in 2018 and in 2017 was primarily due to increased earnings net of non-cash expenses. The growth in organic revenues was due primarily to broad-based strength across our software businesses and the non-recurrence of purchase accounting adjustments to acquired deferred revenues. We regularly compare inventory quantities on hand against anticipated future usage, which we determine as a function of historical usage or forecasts related to specific items in order to evaluate obsolescence and excessive quantities. The preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires the use of estimates, assumptions, judgments, and interpretations that can affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses. Our management discusses those areas that require significant judgments with the audit committee of our board of directors. The company recognized revenues of $245.9, $249.3, and $241.3 for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively, using the input method, primarily utilizing the ratio of costs incurred to total estimated costs, as the measure of performance. We evaluate whether there has been an impairment of identifiable intangible assets with definite useful economic lives, or of the remaining life of such assets, when certain indicators of impairment are present. The company performed its annual impairment test in the fourth quarter for all reporting units. Negative industry or economic trends, disruptions to our business, actual results significantly below projections, unexpected significant changes or planned changes in the use of the assets, divestitures, and market capitalization declines may have a negative effect on the fair value of our reporting units. The increase in cash provided by operating activities in 2017 over 2016 was increased in part by income tax payments in the first quarter of 2016 related to the gain on the sale of the Abel Pumps business in the fourth quarter of 2015. We expect the effective tax rate for 2019 to be between 21% and 23%. The growth in organic revenues was due primarily to broad-based growth in our imaging and medical products businesses. The resulting operating margin was 34.2% in the year ended December 31, 2018, as compared to 34.5% in the year ended December 31, 2017. The increase was due primarily to the recognition of a net income tax benefit related to the tax act in 2017, partially offset by the reduction in the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate. We may also explore alternatives to attract additional capital resources. We anticipate that our businesses will generate positive cash flows from operating activities, and that these cash flows will permit the reduction of currently outstanding debt in accordance with the repayment schedule. The assessment of fair value for impairment purposes requires significant judgments to be made by management. The most significant identifiable intangible assets with definite useful economic lives recognized from our acquisitions are customer relationships. We believe that internally generated cash flows and the remaining availability under our credit facility will be adequate to finance normal operating requirements. We may redeem some or all of our senior secured notes at any time or from time to time, at 100% of their principal amount, plus a make-whole premium based on a spread to U.S. Treasury securities.