Our primary objective is to pursue and refine our existing off-price strategies to maintain and improve both profitability and financial returns over the long term. We closely monitor market share trends for the off-price industry and believe our share gains over the past few years were driven mainly by continued focus on value by consumers. Our sales and earnings gains in 2018 continued to benefit from efficient execution of our off-price model throughout all areas of our business. We intend to address the competitive climate for off-price apparel and home goods by pursuing and refining our existing strategies and by continuing to strengthen our organization, diversify our merchandise mix, and more fully develop our systems to improve regional and local merchandise offerings. Although our strategies and store expansion program contributed to sales gains in fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016, we cannot be sure that they will result in a continuation of sales growth or in an increase in net earnings. We continually evaluate opportunistic real estate acquisitions and opportunities for potential new store locations. We also evaluate our current store locations and determine store closures based on similar criteria. Our expansion strategy is to open additional stores based on market penetration, local demographic characteristics, competition, expected store profitability, and the ability to leverage overhead expenses. Our capital expenditures include costs to build, expand, and improve distribution centers, open new stores and improve existing stores, and for various other expenditures related to our information technology systems, buying, and corporate offices. We expect to fund capital expenditures with available cash and cash flows from operations. We regularly review the age and condition of our merchandise and are able to maintain current merchandise inventory in our stores through replenishment processes and liquidation of slower-moving merchandise through clearance markdowns. The increase in cash flow from operating activities in 2018 compared to fiscal 2017 was primarily driven by higher earnings, the timing of merchandise receipts and related payments versus last year, and lower income tax payments. We expect to continue to take advantage of packaway inventory opportunities to maximize our ability to deliver bargains to our customers. The timing of the release of packaway inventory to our stores is principally driven by the product mix and seasonality of the merchandise, and its relation to our store merchandise assortment plans. We anticipate that our effective tax rate for fiscal 2019 will be between 23% and 24%. Our liquidity and capital requirements were provided by available cash and cash flows from operations. We regularly review the adequacy of credit available to us from all sources and expect to be able to maintain adequate trade credit, bank lines, and other credit sources to meet our capital and liquidity requirements, including lease payment obligations, in 2019. We estimate that existing cash balances, cash flows from operations, bank credit lines, and trade credit are adequate to meet our operating cash needs and to fund our planned capital investments, repayment of debt, common stock repurchases, and quarterly dividend payments for at least the next twelve months. Our existing $600 million unsecured revolving credit facility expires in April 2021 and contains a $300 million sublimit for issuance of standby letters of credit. The facility also contains an option allowing us to increase the size of our revolving credit facility by up to an additional $200 million, with the agreement of the lenders. We are forecasting approximately $600 million in capital expenditures for fiscal year 2019 to fund costs for fixtures and leasehold improvements to open new Ross and dd's discounts stores, the upgrade or relocation of existing stores, investments in information technology systems, initial investment in our next distribution center, and for various other expenditures related to our stores, distribution centers, buying and corporate offices.