We believe that presenting adjusted pre-tax income, adjusted net income - republic, and adjusted diluted earnings per share provides an understanding of operational activities before the financial effect of certain items. We have incurred comparable charges and costs and have recorded similar recoveries in prior periods, and similar types of adjustments can reasonably be expected to be recorded in future periods. We specifically identify the startup costs with respect to an individual municipal contract due to the magnitude of the costs involved with this particular municipal contract and the unusual nature for the time period in which they are incurred. The savings realized from these restructuring efforts have been reinvested in our customer-focused programs and initiatives. We expect annual savings of approximately $25 million to $30 million as a result of these restructuring efforts. We have recorded a net gain on business divestitures, net of asset impairments, which may be material to our results of operations in a given period. We strive to have a number one or number two market position in each of the markets we serve, or have a clear path on how we will achieve a leading market position over time. Our team remains focused on executing our strategy to deliver consistent earnings and free cash flow growth, and improve return on invested capital. We are committed to an efficient capital structure, maintaining our investment grade credit ratings and increasing cash returned to our shareholders. We believe that the presentation of adjusted diluted earnings per share, which excludes restructuring charges, gain or loss on business divestitures and impairments, net, incremental contract startup costs, and certain insurance recoveries, provides an understanding of operational activities before the financial effect of certain items. We have incurred comparable charges and costs in prior periods, and similar types of adjustments can reasonably be expected to be recorded in future periods. We expect to incur additional restructuring charges primarily related to the consolidation of back-office functions, upgrades to back-office software systems, lease exit and contract termination costs, and the relocation of certain employees. We have recorded a favorable insurance recovery related to our closed bridgeton landfill, which we recognized as a reduction of remediation expenses in our cost of operations. Our guidance is based on current economic conditions and does not assume any significant changes in the overall economy. We expect 2019 revenue to increase by approximately 4.25 to 4.75%. The majority of these restricted pricing arrangements are tied to fluctuations in a specific index. Our operational flexibility allows us to adapt to changes in the business environment, and we continuously assess our resource allocation to ensure effective management of our operations. We have developed a trajectory model of organizational resilience that focuses on how actors project temporal trajectories of responses toward disruptive events, reconstitute the trajectories in immediate response to the event, and reconfigure the trajectories toward the ensuing future. Our organizational practices emphasize the importance of inter-organizational collaboration and stakeholder engagement to enhance our resilience strategies. We recognize the need for proactive measures in crisis management and operational continuity to maintain performance under pressure and ensure organizational survival in the face of adversity.