The following summary of our financial condition and results of operations is qualified in its entirety by the more complete discussion contained in this item 7 and by the risk factors set forth in item 1a of this form 10-K. Our solutions help companies overcome the challenges of developing increasingly advanced electronics products while also helping them reduce their design and manufacturing costs. Despite global economic uncertainty, we have consistently grown our revenue since 2005. We achieved these results not only because of our solid execution, leading technologies, and strong customer relationships, but also because of our time-based revenue business model. Our growth strategy is based on building on our leadership in our EDA products, expanding and proliferating our IP offerings, and driving growth in the software security and quality market. As we continue to expand our product portfolio and our total addressable market, we expect to experience increased variability in our total revenue. Our revenues are subject to fluctuations, primarily due to customer requirements, including payment terms and the timing and value of contract renewals. The overall growth of our business, including contributions from acquisitions, has been the primary driver of the increase in our revenue. Our revenues are sensitive to the mix of TSLs and perpetual licenses delivered during a reporting period. A TSL order typically yields lower current quarter revenue but contributes to revenue in future periods. We believe that our current cash and cash equivalents, cash generated from operations, and available credit under our revolver will satisfy our routine business requirements for at least the next 12 months and the foreseeable future. We expect cash from our operating activities to fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including the timing of our billings and collections, our operating results, and the timing and amount of tax and other liability payments. The increase in maintenance revenue for fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017 was primarily due to an increase in the volume of arrangements that include maintenance. The increase in professional services and other revenue for fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017 was primarily due to an increase in consulting projects, including contributions from acquisitions. Our expenses are generally impacted by changes in personnel-related costs including salaries, benefits, stock-based compensation, and variable compensation. The increase in our expenses compared to prior fiscal years was primarily due to an increase in personnel-related costs, driven by increased headcount from our overall growth, including those from acquisitions. We allocate certain human resource programs, information technology, and facility expenses among our functional income statement categories based on headcount within each functional area. We believe that we will continue to execute our strategies successfully. The restructuring actions were undertaken to position us for future growth, reallocate resources to priority areas, and eliminate operational redundancy. Our business model allows us to absorb strain and preserve functioning despite the presence of adversity. The increase in research and development expense in fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017 was primarily due to an increase in personnel-related costs as a result of headcount increases, including those from acquisitions. Our operational flexibility and strategic initiatives enable us to adapt to changing market conditions and customer needs. We have developed a trajectory model of organizational resilience that focuses on how actors project temporal trajectories of responses toward disruptive events and reconfigure the trajectories toward the ensuing future. We proactively manage our cash equivalents balances and closely monitor our capital and stock repurchase expenditures to ensure ample liquidity. The increase in total revenue for fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017 was primarily attributable to the overall growth of our business, mainly due to higher TSL license revenue from arrangements booked in prior periods, an increase in professional services, and contributions from acquired companies.