The company has insurance operations in Canada, the United Kingdom, the Republic of Ireland, and throughout other parts of the world, primarily through joint ventures. The company utilizes various analyses and methods, including proprietary and third-party computer modeling processes, to make underwriting and reinsurance decisions designed to manage its exposure to catastrophic events. The company actively monitors and evaluates changes in third-party models and calibrates the catastrophe risk model estimates delivered via its proprietary modeling processes. The company employs a conservative investment philosophy, with a significant majority of funds available for investment deployed in a widely diversified portfolio of high-quality, liquid, taxable U.S. government, tax-exempt U.S. municipal, and taxable corporate bonds. The company believes it has adequate liquidity to meet its commitments and that its insurance subsidiaries' future liquidity needs will be adequately met from premiums, fees, and investment income. The company’s investment strategy is to maintain a high-quality investment portfolio and a relatively short average effective duration. The company has established a holding company liquidity target equal to its estimated annual pre-tax interest expense and common shareholder dividends. The company has experienced significant amounts of net favorable prior year reserve development driven by better-than-expected loss experience, although there is inherent uncertainty in estimating claims and claim adjustment expense reserves. The company’s results of operations could be adversely impacted if significant catastrophe and non-catastrophe weather-related losses were to occur. The company believes that its strong capital position allows it to return capital not needed to support its business operations to its shareholders. The company’s effective tax rate was lower than the respective statutory rate, primarily due to the impact of tax-exempt investment income on the calculation of the company's income tax provision. The company’s operations are subject to various risks, including changes in competitive market conditions, economic conditions, and regulatory environments. The company’s claims and claim adjustment expense reserves are subject to a high degree of judgment and are influenced by various factors, including changes in claims handling procedures, economic inflation, and legal trends. The company continually refines its estimates in a regular ongoing process as historical loss experience develops and additional claims are reported and settled. The company’s overall view of the current underlying asbestos environment is unchanged, and there remains a high degree of uncertainty with respect to future exposure to asbestos claims. The company has entered into reinsurance agreements to manage its exposure to losses and protect its capital. The company’s investment portfolio is positioned to meet obligations to policyholders, and the primary goals of the company's asset-liability management process are to satisfy the insurance liabilities and maintain sufficient liquidity to cover fluctuations in projected liability cash flows. The company’s change in reserve estimates for various product lines reflects better-than-expected loss experience, and the company believes its range of historical outcomes is illustrative of reasonably possible one-year changes in reserve estimates. The company’s claims and claim adjustment expense reserves are reviewed regularly by qualified actuaries, and the process of estimating these reserves involves a high degree of judgment and is subject to various variables.