We invest in scientific innovation to create transformative medicines for people with serious diseases. Our business is focused on developing and commercializing therapies for the treatment of cystic fibrosis, or CF, and advancing our research and development programs in other serious diseases. We believe that pursuing research in diverse areas allows us to balance the risks inherent in drug development and may provide drug candidates that will form our pipeline in future years. We continue investing in our research programs and fostering scientific innovation in order to identify and develop transformative medicines. Our research and development expenses include internal and external costs incurred for research and development of our drugs and drug candidates and expenses related to certain technology that we acquire or license through business development transactions. We closely monitor the results of our discovery, research, clinical trials, and nonclinical studies and frequently evaluate our drug development programs in light of new data and scientific, business, and commercial insights, with the objective of balancing risk and potential. This process can result in abrupt changes in focus and priorities as new information becomes available and as we gain additional understanding of our ongoing programs and potential new programs, as well as those of our competitors. We have entered into collaborations with biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies in order to acquire rights or to license drug candidates or technologies that enhance our pipeline and/or our research capabilities. We expect to continue to devote substantial resources to maintain, administer, and expand these compliance programs globally. We dedicate substantial management and other resources in order to obtain and maintain appropriate levels of reimbursement for our products from third-party payors. We continue to engage in discussions with numerous commercial insurers and managed health care organizations, along with government health programs, to ensure that payors recognize the significant benefits that our medicines provide by treating the underlying cause of cystic fibrosis and continue to provide access to our current medicines. Our total CF net product revenues increased by $872.8 million as compared to 2017, primarily due to the increasing number of patients being treated as a result of the approval of Symdeko in the U.S., label expansions for Kalydeco and Orkambi, and expanded access in ex-U.S. markets. We expect that our future cash flows will be substantially dependent on our CF product sales. Our future net product revenues from ex-U.S. markets will be dependent on, among other things, the timing of and our ability to complete reimbursement discussions in European countries. We may borrow up to $500.0 million pursuant to a revolving credit facility that we entered into in 2016. We expect that cash flows from our CF products together with our current cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities will be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next twelve months. We will continue to manage our capital structure and will consider all financing opportunities that could strengthen our long-term liquidity profile. We have significant future capital requirements including incurring substantial operating expenses to conduct research and development activities and to operate our organization. We expect to continue investing in our research programs with a focus on identifying drug candidates with the goal of creating transformative medicines for serious diseases.