The waste industry is a comparatively mature and stable industry; however, customers increasingly expect more of their waste materials to be recovered, and those waste streams are becoming more complex. We monitor these developments to adapt our service offerings. Despite some industry consolidation in recent years, we encounter intense competition from governmental, quasi-governmental, and private service providers based on pricing, service quality, customer experience, and breadth of service offerings. Our operating expenses are directly impacted by volume levels; as volume levels shift, we must manage our network capacity and cost structure accordingly. The generally favorable macro-economic environment, including steady spending by consumers and businesses and construction starts, has benefited our volume growth and gross margins in recent quarters. However, there is increased market volatility and uncertainty about longer-term macro-economic indicators. Disruptions in the global movement of recycling commodities resulted in significantly lower average market prices in 2018 compared to 2017; however, we currently expect market price declines for recycling commodities to moderate in 2019. The recycling industry is continuing to adapt to heightened quality standards and regulations. We are also focusing on managing processing costs, developing alternative markets, and educating customers to reduce contamination in the recycling stream. Our solid waste operating revenues are primarily generated from fees charged for our collection, transfer, disposal, and recycling and resource recovery services. Revenues from our collection operations are influenced by factors such as collection frequency, type of collection equipment furnished, type and volume or weight of the waste collected, distance to the disposal facility, and our disposal costs. We have experienced significant volume growth with existing customers, particularly in our commercial collection business. The volume growth is the result of proactive efforts taken to work with our customers as their businesses expand and grow to identify service upgrade opportunities. We have also allocated significant resources to support organic and inorganic growth, which includes capital expenditures and acquisitions. Our commitment to supporting both organic and inorganic growth reflects our strategic initiatives to enhance our operational flexibility and adaptability in a changing market environment. The company consistently generates cash flow from operations that meets and exceeds its working capital needs, enabling us to plan for present needs and fund unbudgeted business activities that may arise during the year as a result of changing business conditions or new opportunities. We believe that our investment-grade credit ratings and large value of unencumbered assets enable us to obtain adequate financing to meet our ongoing capital, operating, and other liquidity requirements. Our focus on continuous improvement through efficiency and innovation supports our resilience strategies, allowing us to confront and adapt to pressures and constraints in the business environment. We continually focus on improving the utilization of airspace through efforts that may include optimizing the placement of daily cover materials and increasing initial compaction through improved landfill equipment, operations, and training. The changes in engineering estimates can result in changes to the estimated available remaining capacity of a landfill or changes in the utilization of such landfill capacity, affecting the number of tons that can be placed in the future.