We are an energy infrastructure company focused on connecting North America's significant hydrocarbon resource plays to growing markets for natural gas and NGLs through our gas pipeline and midstream business. Our ongoing strategy is to safely and reliably operate large-scale midstream infrastructure where our assets can be fully utilized and drive low per-unit costs. We focus on consistently attracting new business by providing highly reliable service to our customers. The wpz merger has the additional benefit of eliminating uncertainty related to regulatory changes, allowing our FERC-regulated pipelines to continue recovering income tax allowances in their cost of service rates. Our strategy is to provide large-scale energy infrastructure designed to maximize the opportunities created by the vast supply of natural gas and natural gas products that exists in the United States. We continue to maintain a strong commitment to safety, environmental stewardship, operational excellence, and customer satisfaction, which positions us to deliver safe and reliable service to our customers and an attractive return to our shareholders. Our business plan includes a continued focus on growing our fee-based businesses, executing growth projects, and accomplishing cost discipline initiatives to ensure operations support our strategy. We anticipate operating results will increase through organic business growth driven by continued expansion in the northeast region and Transco expansion projects. We seek to maintain a strong financial position and liquidity, as well as manage a diversified portfolio of energy infrastructure assets which continue to serve key growth markets and supply basins in the United States. Our potential risks and obstacles that could impact the execution of our plan include opposition to, and legal regulations affecting, our infrastructure projects, unexpected significant increases in capital expenditures or delays in capital project execution, counterparty credit and performance risk, and unexpected changes in customer drilling and production activities. We believe that accomplishing our goals will position us to deliver safe and reliable service to our customers and an attractive return to our shareholders. Our growth capital and investment expenditures in 2019 are expected to be in a range from $2.7 billion to $2.9 billion, which includes projects that maintain our assets for safe and reliable operations, as well as projects that meet legal, regulatory, and/or contractual commitments. We retain the flexibility to adjust planned levels of growth capital and investment expenditures in response to changes in economic conditions or business opportunities. Our strategy emphasizes operational flexibility and adaptability to external pressures, ensuring that we can respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform ourselves to emerge stronger from challenging situations. We continue to monitor developments that may impact our regulatory liabilities resulting from tax reform, and we expect to benefit as continued growth in demand for low-cost natural gas is driven by increases in LNG exports, industrial demand, and power generation.