Our management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (MD&A) is provided to assist readers in understanding our performance, as reflected in the results of our operations, our financial condition and our cash flows. The animal health industry, which focuses on both livestock and companion animals, is a growing industry that impacts billions of people worldwide. We believe our investments in one of the industry's largest sales organizations, including our extensive network of technical and veterinary operations specialists, our high-quality manufacturing and reliability of supply, and our long track record of developing products that meet customer needs, has led to enduring and valued relationships with our customers. Our research and development (R&D) efforts enable us to deliver innovative products to address unmet needs and evolve our product lines so they remain relevant for our customers. We manage our operations through two geographic operating segments: the United States (U.S.) and international. Within each of these operating segments, we offer a diversified product portfolio for both livestock and companion animal customers in order to capitalize on local and regional trends and customer needs. Our future success depends on both our existing product portfolio and our pipeline of new products, including new products that we may develop through joint ventures and products that we are able to obtain through license or acquisition. The primary livestock species for the production of animal protein are cattle, swine, poultry, fish, and sheep. Livestock health and production are essential to meeting the growing demand for animal protein of a global population. Factors influencing growth in demand for livestock medicines and vaccines include human population growth and increasing standards of living, particularly in many emerging markets, and increasing demand for improved nutrition, particularly animal protein. The overall economic environment in addition to industry-specific factors, we, like other businesses, face challenges related to global economic conditions. Growth in both the livestock and companion animal sectors is driven by overall economic development and related growth, particularly in many emerging markets. We believe that our diversity across species, geographies, and therapeutic areas balances economic cycles and regulatory changes while minimizing dependency in any one area. We seek to enhance the health of animals and to bring solutions to our customers who raise and care for them. We have a global presence in both developed and emerging markets and we intend to grow our business by pursuing core strategies, including bringing innovative new products and services to market, maximizing opportunities in fast-growing international markets, and enhancing our capabilities across the continuum of care. Our operational growth is defined as revenue or earnings growth excluding the impact of foreign exchange. We believe that the importance of quality and safety concerns to pet owners, veterinarians, and livestock producers contributes to animal health brand loyalty. The unpredictability of a product's regulatory or commercial success or failure, the lead time necessary to construct highly technical and complex manufacturing sites, and shifting customer demand increase the potential for capacity imbalances. We cannot predict whether antibacterial resistance concerns will result in additional restrictions or bans, expanded regulations, public pressure to discontinue or reduce use of antibacterials in food-producing animals, or increased consumer preference for antibiotic-free protein. The animal health industry and demand for many of our animal health products in a particular region are affected by weather conditions, as usage of our products follows varying weather patterns and weather-related pressures from pests. Adverse weather conditions may also impact the aquaculture business. Changes in water temperatures could affect the timing of reproduction and growth of various fish species, as well as trigger the outbreak of certain waterborne diseases.