item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with "selected consolidated financial data" and the consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this report. overview incyte is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of proprietary therapeutics. our global headquarters is located in wilmington, delaware. we conduct our european clinical development operations from our offices in geneva, switzerland and lausanne, switzerland, and have recently opened our japanese office in tokyo.
jakafi (ruxolitinib) is our first product to be approved for sale in the united states. it is an oral jak1 and jak2 inhibitor and was approved by the u.s. food and drug administration (fda) in november 2011 for the treatment of patients with intermediate or high‐risk myelofibrosis and in december 2014 for the treatment of patients with polycythemia vera who have had an inadequate response to or are intolerant of hydroxyurea. myelofibrosis and polycythemia vera are both rare blood cancers.
under our collaboration agreement with novartis international pharmaceutical ltd., novartis received exclusive development and commercialization rights to ruxolitinib outside of the united states for all hematologic and oncologic indications and sells ruxolitinib outside of the united states under the name jakavi. in april 2016, we amended this agreement to provide that novartis has exclusive research, development and commercialization rights outside of the united states to ruxolitinib (excluding topical formulations) in the graft-versus-host-disease field.
we have a second oral jak1 and jak2 inhibitor, baricitinib, which is subject to a collaboration agreement with eli lilly and company in which lilly received exclusive worldwide development and commercialization rights for the compound for inflammatory and autoimmune diseases. in january 2016, lilly submitted a new drug application (nda) to the fda and a marketing authorization application (maa) to the european medicines agency for baricitinib as treatment for rheumatoid arthritis.  in march 2016, we entered into an amendment to the agreement with lilly that amended the non-compete provision of the agreement to allow us to engage in the development and commercialization of ruxolitinib in the graft-versus-host-disease field. in february 2017, we and lilly announced that the european commission approved baricitinib as olumiant for the treatment of moderate-to-severe rheumatoid arthritis in adult patients who have responded inadequately to, or who are intolerant to, one or more disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs (dmards). in july 2017, japan's ministry of health, labor and welfare (mhlw) granted marketing approval for olumiant for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis (including the prevention of structural injury of joints) in patients with inadequate response to standard-of-care therapies. in april 2017, we and lilly announced that the fda had issued a complete response letter for the new drug application of baricitinib as a once-daily oral medication for the treatment of moderate-to-severe rheumatoid arthritis. the letter indicated that the fda was unable to approve the application in its current form. specifically, the fda indicated that additional clinical data are needed to determine the most appropriate doses. the fda also stated that additional data are necessary to further characterize safety concerns across treatment arms. in december 2017, lilly announced that the nda for baricitinib had been resubmitted and included new safety and efficacy data. the fda classified the application as a class ii resubmission, which started a new six-month review cycle.
53
in june 2016, we acquired (the "acquisition") from ariad pharmaceuticals, inc. all of the outstanding shares of ariad pharmaceuticals (luxembourg) s.à.r.l., the parent company of ariad's european subsidiaries responsible for the development and commercialization of iclusig in the european union and other countries, including switzerland, norway, turkey, israel and russia. we obtained an exclusive license to develop and commercialize iclusig in those countries. iclusig is approved in the european union for the treatment of patients with chronic myeloid leukemia and philadelphia-positive acute lymphoblastic leukemia who are resistant to or intolerant of certain second-generation bcr-abl inhibitors and all patients who have the t3151 mutation.
since we began our drug-discovery and development activities in early 2002, we have filed investigational new drug (ind) applications and progressed multiple internally developed proprietary compounds into clinical development. as of february 15, 2018, our development portfolio, including ruxolitinib, was comprised of 17 candidates against 14 molecular targets.
license agreements and business relationships as part of our business strategy, we establish business relationships, including collaborative arrangements with other companies and medical research institutions to assist in the clinical development and/or commercialization of certain of our drugs and drug candidates and to provide support for our research programs. we also evaluate opportunities for acquiring products or rights to products and technologies that are complementary to our business from other companies and medical research institutions.
below is a brief description of our significant business relationships and collaborations and related license agreements that expand our pipeline and provide us with certain rights to existing and potential new products and technologies.
novartis in november 2009, we entered into a collaboration and license agreement with novartis. under the terms of the agreement, novartis received exclusive development and commercialization rights outside of the united states to ruxolitinib and certain back‐up compounds for hematologic and oncology indications, including all hematological malignancies, solid tumors and myeloproliferative diseases. we retained exclusive development and commercialization rights to jakafi (ruxolitinib) in the united states and in certain other indications. novartis also received worldwide exclusive development and commercialization rights to our met inhibitor compound capmatinib and certain back‐up compounds in all indications. we retained options to co‐develop and to co‐promote capmatinib in the united states.
under this agreement, we received an upfront payment and immediate milestone payment totaling $210.0 million and were initially eligible to receive additional payments of up to approximately $1.2 billion if defined development and commercialization milestones are achieved. we are also eligible to receive tiered, double‐digit royalties ranging from the upper‐teens to the mid‐twenties percent on future ruxolitinib net sales outside of the united states, and tiered, worldwide royalties on future capmatinib net sales that range from 12% to 14%. in addition, novartis has received reimbursement and pricing approval for ruxolitinib in a specified number of countries, and we are now obligated to pay to novartis tiered royalties in the low single-digits on future ruxolitinib net sales within the united states. each company is responsible for costs relating to the development and commercialization of ruxolitinib in its respective territories, with costs of collaborative studies shared equally. novartis is also responsible for all costs relating to the development and commercialization of capmatinib.
in april 2016, we amended this agreement to provide that novartis has exclusive research, development and commercialization rights outside of the united states to ruxolitinib (excluding topical formulations) in the gvhd field. under this amendment, we received a $5.0 million payment in exchange for the development and commercialization rights to ruxolitinib in gvhd outside of the united states and became eligible to receive up to $75.0 million of additional potential development and regulatory milestones relating to gvhd. in march 2017, we recognized a $25.0 million milestone payment for the first patient first visit in a gvhd study and in december 2017, we recognized a $40.0 million milestone for novartis achieving annual net sales of a jak licensed product of $600.0 million.
54
the novartis agreement will continue on a program‐by‐program basis until novartis has no royalty payment obligations with respect to such program or, if earlier, the termination of the agreement or any program in accordance with the terms of the agreement. royalties are payable by novartis on a product‐by‐product and country‐by‐country basis until the latest to occur of (i) the expiration of the last valid claim of the licensed patent rights covering the licensed product in the relevant country, (ii) the expiration of regulatory exclusivity for the licensed product in such country and (iii) a specified period from first commercial sale in such country of the licensed product by novartis or its affiliates or sublicensees. the agreement may be terminated in its entirety or on a program‐by‐program basis by novartis for convenience. the agreement may also be terminated by either party under certain other circumstances, including material breach.
lilly in december 2009, we entered into a license, development and commercialization agreement with lilly. under the terms of the agreement, lilly received exclusive worldwide development and commercialization rights to baricitinib and certain back‐up compounds for inflammatory and autoimmune diseases. we received an initial payment of $90.0 million, and were initially eligible to receive additional payments of up to $665.0 million based on the achievement of defined development, regulatory and commercialization milestones.
we retained options to co-develop our jak1/jak2 inhibitors with lilly on a compound-by-compound and indication-by-indication basis. lilly is responsible for all costs relating to the development and commercialization of the compounds unless we elect to co-develop any compounds or indications. if we elect to co-develop any compounds and/or indications, we would be responsible for funding 30% of the associated future global development costs from the initiation of a phase iib trial through regulatory approval, including post-launch studies required by a regulatory authority. we would receive an incremental royalty rate increase across all tiers resulting in effective royalty rates ranging up to the high-twenties on potential future global net sales for compounds and/or indications that we elect to co-develop. for indications that we elect not to co-develop, we would receive tiered, double-digit royalty payments on future global net sales with rates ranging up to 20% if the product is successfully commercialized. we previously had retained an option to co-promote products in the united states but, in march 2016, we waived our co-promotion option as part of an amendment to the agreement.
in july 2010, we elected to co-develop baricitinib with lilly in rheumatoid arthritis and we are responsible for funding 30% of the associated future global development costs for this indication from the initiation of the phase iib trial through regulatory approval, including post-launch studies required by a regulatory authority. in january 2017, we elected to co-develop baricitinib with lilly in psoriatic arthritis and atopic dermatitis. we have also exercised our co-development options in systemic lupus erythematosus and axial spondyloarthritis, should lilly decide to progress into a pivotal program in these indications.
in march 2016, we entered into an amendment to the agreement with lilly that allows us to engage in the development and commercialization of ruxolitinib in the gvhd field. we paid lilly an upfront payment of $35.0 million and lilly is eligible to receive up to $40.0 million in additional regulatory milestone payments relating to ruxolitinib in the gvhd field.
in february 2017, the european commission announced the approval of baricitinib as olumiant, triggering a $65.0 million milestone payment from lilly. in july 2017, japan's mhlw granted marketing approval for olumiant, triggering a $15.0 million milestone payment to incyte from lilly. in december 2017, we recognized a $30.0 million milestone payment for the first patient treated in the atopic dermatitis phase iii program for baricitinib.
the lilly agreement will continue until lilly no longer has any royalty payment obligations or, if earlier, the termination of the agreement in accordance with its terms. royalties are payable by lilly on a product‐by‐product and country‐by‐country basis until the latest to occur of (i) the expiration of the last valid claim of the licensed patent rights covering the licensed product in the relevant country, (ii) the expiration of regulatory exclusivity for the licensed product in such country and (iii) a specified period from first commercial sale in such country of the licensed product by lilly or its affiliates or sublicensees. the agreement may be terminated by lilly for convenience, and may also be terminated under certain other circumstances, including material breach.
55
agenus in january 2015, we entered into a license, development and commercialization agreement with agenus inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary, 4-antibody ag (now known as agenus switzerland inc.), which we collectively refer to as agenus. under this agreement, the parties have agreed to collaborate on the discovery of novel immuno-therapeutics using agenus' antibody discovery platforms. in february 2017, we and agenus amended this agreement.
under the terms of this agreement, as amended, we received exclusive worldwide development and commercialization rights to four checkpoint modulators directed against gitr, ox40, lag-3 and tim-3. in addition to the initial four program targets, we and agenus have the option to jointly nominate and pursue additional targets within the framework of the collaboration, and in november 2015, three more targets were added. targets may be designated profit-share programs, where all costs and profits are shared equally by us and agenus, or royalty-bearing programs, where we are responsible for all costs associated with discovery, preclinical, clinical development and commercialization activities. the programs relating to gitr and ox40 and two of the undisclosed targets were profit-share programs until february 2017, while the other targets currently under collaboration are royalty-bearing programs. the february 2017 amendment converted the programs relating to gitr and ox40 to royalty-bearing programs and removed from the collaboration the profit-share programs relating to the two undisclosed targets, with one reverting to us and one reverting to agenus.  should any of those removed programs be successfully developed by a party, the other party will be eligible to receive the same milestone payments as the royalty-bearing programs and royalties at a 15% rate on global net sales.  there are currently no profit-share programs. for each royalty-bearing product other than gitr and ox40, agenus will be eligible to receive tiered royalties on global net sales ranging from 6% to 12%. for gitr and ox40, agenus will be eligible to receive 15% royalties on global net sales. under the february 2017 amendment, we paid agenus $20.0 million in accelerated milestones relating to the clinical development of the gitr and ox40 programs. agenus is eligible to receive up to an additional $510.0 million in future contingent development, regulatory and commercialization milestones across all programs in the collaboration.  the agreement may be terminated by us for convenience upon 12 months' notice and may also be terminated under certain other circumstances, including material breach.
hengrui in september 2015, we entered into a license and collaboration agreement with hengrui. under the terms of this agreement, we received exclusive development and commercialization rights worldwide, with the exception of mainland china, hong kong, macau and taiwan, to incshr1210, an investigational pd-1 monoclonal antibody, and certain back-up compounds. in february 2018, incyte and hengrui agreed to terminate the collaboration, pursuant to the terms of the license and collaboration agreement. ariad pharmaceuticals (luxembourg) s.à.r.l. acquisition in june 2016, we completed the acquisition. ariad will be eligible to receive from us tiered royalties on net sales of iclusig in our territory and up to $135.0 million in potential future oncology development and regulatory approval milestone payments, together with additional milestone payments for non-oncology indications, if approved, in our territory.  merus in december 2016, we entered into a collaboration and license agreement with merus n.v. under this agreement, which became effective in january 2017, the parties have agreed to collaborate with respect to the research, discovery and development of bispecific antibodies utilizing merus' technology platform. the collaboration encompasses up to eleven independent programs, including two of merus' current preclinical immuno-oncology discovery programs.  we received exclusive development and commercialization rights outside of the united states to products and product candidates resulting from one of merus' current preclinical discovery programs, referred to as "program 1." we also received worldwide exclusive development and commercialization rights to products and product candidates resulting from the other current merus preclinical discovery program that is subject to the collaboration and to up to nine additional programs. merus retained exclusive development and commercialization rights in the united states to products and product candidates resulting from program 1 and options, subject to certain conditions, to co-fund development of products resulting from two other programs in exchange for a share of profits in the united states. merus will also have the right to
56
participate in a specified proportion of detailing activities in the united states for one of those co-developed programs.  should program 1 fail to successfully complete ind-enabling toxicology studies, merus would be granted an additional option to co-fund development of a program in exchange for a share of profits in the united states. all costs related to the collaboration are subject to joint research and development plans.  each party will share equally the costs of mutually agreed global development activities for program 1, and fund itself any independent development activities in its territory. we will be responsible for all research, development and commercialization costs relating to all other programs, subject to merus' election to co-fund development and co-detail described above. if merus exercises its co-funding option for a program, merus would be responsible for funding 35% of the associated future global development costs and, for certain of such programs, would be responsible for reimbursing us for certain development costs incurred prior to the option exercise. all products as to which merus has exercised its option to co-fund development would be subject to joint development plans and overseen by a joint development committee, but we will have final determination as to such plans in cases of dispute.
in february 2017, we paid merus an upfront, non-refundable payment of $120.0 million.  for each program as to which merus does not have commercialization or co-development rights, merus will be eligible to receive up to $100.0 million in future contingent development and regulatory milestones and up to $250.0 million in commercialization milestones as well as tiered royalties ranging from 6% to 10% of global net sales.  for each program as to which merus exercises its option to co-fund development, merus will be eligible to receive a 50% share of profits (or sustain 50% of any losses) in the united states and be eligible to receive tiered royalties ranging from 6% to 10% of net sales of products outside of the united states.  if merus opts to cease co-funding a program as to which it exercised its co-development option, then merus will no longer receive a share of profits in the united states but will be eligible to receive the same milestones from the co-funding termination date and the same tiered royalties described above with respect to non-co-developed programs and, depending on the stage at which merus chose to cease co-funding development costs, additional royalties ranging up to 4% of net sales in the united states.  for program 1, we and merus will each be eligible to receive tiered royalties on net sales in the other party's territory at rates ranging from 6% to 10%.
the merus agreement will continue on a program-by-program basis until we have no royalty payment obligations with respect to such program or, if earlier, the termination of the agreement or any program in accordance with the terms of the agreement.  the agreement may be terminated in its entirety or on a program-by-program basis by us for convenience.  the agreement may also be terminated by either party under certain other circumstances, including material breach, as set forth in the agreement.  if the agreement is terminated with respect to one or more programs, all rights in the terminated programs revert to merus, subject to payment to us of a reverse royalty of up to 4% on sales of future products, if merus elects to pursue development and commercialization of products arising from the terminated programs.
calithera in january 2017, we entered into a collaboration and license agreement with calithera biosciences, inc. under this agreement, we received an exclusive, worldwide license to develop and commercialize small molecule arginase inhibitors, including incb01158 (cb-1158), which is currently in phase i clinical trials, for hematology and oncology indications. we have agreed to co-fund 70% of the global development costs for the development of the licensed products for hematology and oncology indications. calithera will have the right to conduct certain clinical development under the collaboration, including combination studies of a licensed product with a proprietary compound of calithera. we will be entitled to 60% of the profits and losses from net sales of licensed product in the united states, and calithera will have the right to co-detail licensed products in the united states, and we have agreed to pay calithera tiered royalties ranging from the low to mid-double digits on net sales of licensed products outside the united states. calithera may opt out of its co-funding obligation, in which case the u.s. profit sharing will no longer be in effect, and we have agreed to pay calithera tiered royalties ranging from the low to mid-double digits on net sales of licensed products both in the united states and outside the united states, and additional royalties to reimburse calithera for previously incurred development costs.
calithera retains rights to certain arginase inhibitors that are not part of the collaboration for specific orphan indications outside of hematology and oncology, subject to our rights to negotiate a license for any such programs under specified circumstances if calithera elects to out-license them.
57
in january 2017, we paid calithera an upfront license fee of $45.0 million and have agreed to pay potential development, regulatory and sales milestone payments of over $430.0 million if the profit share is in effect, or $750.0 million if the profit share terminates.
the calithera agreement will continue on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis for so long as we are developing or commercializing products in the united states (if the parties are sharing profits in the united states) and until we have no further royalty payment obligations, unless earlier terminated according to the terms of the agreement. the agreement may be terminated in its entirety or on a product-by-product and/or a country-by-country basis by us for convenience. the agreement may also be terminated by us for calithera's uncured material breach, by calithera for our uncured material breach and by either party for bankruptcy or patent challenge. if the agreement is terminated early with respect to one or more products or countries, all rights in the terminated products and countries revert to calithera.
macrogenics in october 2017, we entered into a global collaboration and license agreement with macrogenics, inc. under this agreement, we received exclusive development and commercialization rights worldwide to macrogenics' mga012, an investigational monoclonal antibody that inhibits pd-1. except as set forth in the succeeding sentence, we will have sole authority over and bear all costs and expenses in connection with the development and commercialization of mga012 in all indications, whether as a monotherapy or as part of a combination regimen. macrogenics has retained the right to develop and commercialize, at its cost and expense, its pipeline assets in combination with mga012. in addition, macrogenics has the right to manufacture a portion of both companies' global clinical and commercial supply needs of mga012.  in december 2017, we paid macrogenics an upfront payment of $150.0 million. macrogenics will be eligible to receive up to $420.0 million in future contingent development and regulatory milestones, and up to $330.0 million in commercial milestones as well as tiered royalties ranging from 15% to 24% of global net sales.
the macrogenics agreement will continue until we are no longer commercializing, developing or manufacturing mga012 or, if earlier, the termination of the agreement in accordance with its terms. the agreement may be terminated in its entirety or on a licensed product by licensed product basis by us for convenience. the agreement may also be terminated by either party under certain other circumstances, including material breach, as set forth in the agreement.
syros in january 2018, we entered into a target discovery, research collaboration and option agreement with syros pharmaceuticals, inc. under this agreement, syros will use its proprietary gene control platform to identify novel therapeutic targets with a focus in myeloproliferative neoplasms and we have received options to obtain exclusive worldwide rights to intellectual property resulting from the collaboration for up to seven validated targets.  we will have exclusive worldwide rights to develop and commercialize any therapies under the collaboration that modulate those validated targets.  we paid syros $2.5 million in cash for access to proprietary technology and $7.5 million in cash for research and development services. we have agreed to pay syros up to $54.0 million in target selection and option exercise fees should we decide to exercise all of our options under the agreement. for products resulting from the collaboration against each of the seven selected and validated targets, we have agreed to pay up to $50.0 million in potential development and regulatory milestones and up to $65.0 million in potential commercial milestones. syros is also eligible to receive low single-digit royalties on net sales of products resulting from the collaboration. critical accounting policies and significant estimates the preparation of financial statements requires us to make estimates, assumptions and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. on an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates. we base our estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form our basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ from those estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
58
we believe the following critical accounting policies affect the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements:
·   revenue recognition;

·   research and development costs;

·   stock compensation;

·   convertible debt accounting;

·   income taxes;

·   business combinations;

·   acquisition-related contingent consideration; and

·   long term investments.

revenue recognition. revenues are recognized when (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (2) delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, (3) the price is fixed or determinable and (4) collectability is reasonably assured. revenues are deferred for fees received before earned or until no further obligations exist. we exercise judgment in determining that collectability is reasonably assured or that services have been delivered in accordance with the arrangement. we assess whether the fee is fixed or determinable based on the payment terms associated with the transaction and whether the sales price is subject to refund or adjustment. we assess collectability based primarily on the customer's payment history and on the creditworthiness of the customer.
product revenues our product revenues consist of u.s. sales of jakafi and european sales of iclusig.  product revenues are recognized once we meet all four revenue recognition criteria described above. in november 2011, we began shipping jakafi to our customers in the u.s., which include specialty pharmacies and wholesalers. in june 2016, we acquired the right to and began shipping iclusig to our customers in the european union and certain other jurisdictions, which include retail pharmacies, hospital pharmacies and distributors.
we recognize revenues for product received by our customers net of allowances for customer credits, including estimated rebates, chargebacks, discounts, returns, distribution service fees, patient assistance programs, and government rebates, such as medicare part d coverage gap reimbursements in the u.s. product shipping and handling costs are included in cost of product revenues.
customer credits: our customers are offered various forms of consideration, including allowances, service fees and prompt payment discounts. we expect our customers will earn prompt payment discounts and, therefore, we deduct the full amount of these discounts from total product sales when revenues are recognized. service fees are also deducted from total product sales as they are earned.
rebates and discounts: allowances for rebates include mandated discounts under the medicaid drug rebate program in the u.s. and mandated discounts in europe in markets where government-sponsored healthcare systems are the primary payers for healthcare. rebate amounts are based upon contractual agreements or legal requirements with public sector benefit providers. rebates are amounts owed after the final dispensing of the product to a benefit plan participant and are based upon contractual agreements or legal requirements with public sector benefit providers. the accrual for rebates is based on statutory discount rates and expected utilization as well as historical data we have accumulated since product launch. our estimates for expected utilization of rebates are based on data received from our customers. rebates are generally invoiced and paid in arrears so that the accrual balance consists of an estimate of the amount expected to be incurred for the current quarter's activity, plus an accrual balance for known prior quarters' unpaid rebates. if actual future
59
rebates vary from estimates, we may need to adjust prior period accruals, which would affect revenue in the period of adjustment.
chargebacks: chargebacks are discounts that occur when certain contracted customers, which currently consist primarily of group purchasing organizations, public health service institutions, non‐profit clinics, and federal government entities purchasing via the federal supply schedule, purchase directly from our wholesalers. contracted customers generally purchase the product at a discounted price. the wholesalers, in turn, charges back to us the difference between the price initially paid by the wholesalers and the discounted price paid by the contracted customers. in addition to actual chargebacks received, we maintain an accrual for chargebacks based on the estimated contractual discounts on the inventory levels on hand in our distribution channel.  if actual future chargebacks vary from these estimates, we may need to adjust prior period accruals, which would affect revenue in the period of adjustment.
medicare part d coverage gap: medicare part d prescription drug benefit mandates manufacturers to fund 50% of the medicare part d insurance coverage gap for prescription drugs sold to eligible patients. our estimates for the expected medicare part d coverage gap are based on historical invoices received and in part from data received from our customers. funding of the coverage gap is generally invoiced and paid in arrears so that the accrual balance consists of an estimate of the amount expected to be incurred for the current quarter's activity, plus an accrual balance for known prior quarters. if actual future funding varies from estimates, we may need to adjust prior period accruals, which would affect revenue in the period of adjustment.
co‐payment assistance: patients who have commercial insurance and meet certain eligibility requirements may receive co‐payment assistance. we accrue a liability for co‐payment assistance based on actual program participation and estimates of program redemption using data provided by third‐party administrators.
product royalty revenues royalty revenues on commercial sales for jakavi by novartis are estimated based on information provided by novartis. royalty revenues on commercial sales for olumiant by lilly are estimated based on information provided by lilly. we exercise judgment in determining whether the information provided is sufficiently reliable for us to base our royalty revenue recognition thereon. if actual royalties vary from estimates, we may need to adjust the prior period which would affect royalty revenue in the period of adjustment. cost of product revenues cost of product revenues includes all jakafi related product costs as well as iclusig related product costs. the iclusig inventories were recorded at fair value less costs to sell in connection with the acquisition, which resulted in a higher cost of iclusig product revenues over a one year period from the acquisition date. in addition, cost of product revenues include low single-digit royalties under our collaboration and license agreement to novartis on all future sales of jakafi in the united states. subsequent to the acquisition on june 1, 2016, cost of product revenues also includes the amortization of our licensed intellectual property for iclusig using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of 12.5 years.      contract and license revenues under agreements involving multiple deliverables, services and/or rights to use assets that we entered into prior to january 1, 2011, the multiple elements are divided into separate units of accounting when certain criteria are met, including whether the delivered items have stand‐alone value to the customer and whether there is objective and reliable evidence of the fair value of the undelivered items. when separate units of accounting exist, consideration is allocated among the separate elements based on their respective fair values. the determination of fair value of each element is based on objective evidence from historical sales of the individual elements by us to other customers. if such evidence of fair value for each undelivered element of the arrangement does not exist, all revenue from the arrangement is deferred until such time that evidence of fair value for each undelivered element does exist or until all elements of the arrangement are delivered. when elements are specifically tied to a separate earnings process, revenue is recognized when the specific performance obligation tied to the element is completed. when revenues for an element are not specifically tied to a separate earnings process, they are recognized ratably over the term of the agreement. we assess whether a substantive
60
milestone exists at the inception of our agreements. for all milestones within our arrangements that are considered substantive, we recognize revenue upon the achievement of the associated milestone. if a milestone is not considered substantive, we would recognize the applicable milestone payment over the remaining period of performance under the arrangement. as of december 31, 2017, all remaining potential milestones under our collaborative arrangements are considered substantive.
on january 1, 2011, updated guidance on the recognition of revenues for agreements with multiple deliverables became effective and applies to any agreements we may enter into on or after january 1, 2011. this updated guidance (i) relates to whether multiple deliverables exist, how the deliverables in a revenue arrangement should be separated and how the consideration should be allocated; (ii) requires companies to allocate revenues in an arrangement using estimated selling prices of deliverables if a vendor does not have vendor‐specific objective evidence or third‐party evidence of selling price; and (iii) eliminates the use of the residual method and requires companies to allocate revenues using the relative selling price method. during the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015, we did not enter into any agreements that are subject to this updated guidance. if we enter into an agreement with multiple deliverables after january 1, 2011 or amend existing agreements, this updated guidance could have a material effect on our financial statements.
our collaborations often include contractual milestones, which typically relate to the achievement of pre‐specified development, regulatory and commercialization events. these three categories of milestone events reflect the three stages of the life‐cycle of our drugs, which we describe in more detail in the following paragraphs.
the regulatory review and approval process, which includes preclinical testing and clinical trials of each drug candidate, is lengthy, expensive and uncertain. securing approval by the u.s. food and drug administration (fda) requires the submission of extensive preclinical and clinical data and supporting information to the fda for each indication to establish a drug candidate's safety and efficacy. the approval process takes many years, requires the expenditure of substantial resources, involves post‐marketing surveillance and may involve ongoing requirements for post‐marketing studies. before commencing clinical investigations of a drug candidate in humans, we must submit an investigational new drug application (ind), which must be reviewed by the fda.
the steps generally required before a drug may be marketed in the united states include preclinical laboratory tests, animal studies and formulation studies, submission to the fda of an ind for human clinical testing, performance of adequate and well‐controlled clinical trials in three phases, as described below, to establish the safety and efficacy of the drug for each indication, submission of a new drug application (nda) or biologics license application (bla) to the fda for review and fda approval of the nda or bla.
similar requirements exist within foreign regulatory agencies as well. the time required satisfying the fda requirements or similar requirements of foreign regulatory agencies may vary substantially based on the type, complexity and novelty of the product or the targeted disease.
preclinical testing includes laboratory evaluation of product pharmacology, drug metabolism, and toxicity, which includes animal studies, to assess potential safety and efficacy, as well as product chemistry, stability, formulation, development, and testing. the results of the preclinical tests, together with manufacturing information and analytical data, are submitted to the fda as part of an ind. the fda may raise safety concerns or questions about the conduct of the clinical trials included in the ind, and any of these concerns or questions must be resolved before clinical trials can proceed. we cannot be sure that submission of an ind will result in the fda allowing clinical trials to commence. clinical trials involve the administration of the investigational drug or the marketed drug to human subjects under the supervision of qualified investigators and in accordance with good clinical practices regulations covering the protection of human subjects. clinical trials typically are conducted in three sequential phases, but the phases may overlap or be combined. phase i usually involves the initial introduction of the investigational drug into healthy volunteers to evaluate its safety, dosage tolerance, absorption, metabolism, distribution and excretion. phase ii usually involves clinical trials in a limited patient population to evaluate dosage tolerance and optimal dosage, identify possible adverse effects and safety risks, and evaluate and gain preliminary evidence of the efficacy of the drug for specific indications. phase iii clinical trials usually further evaluate clinical efficacy and safety by testing the drug in its final form in an expanded patient population, providing statistical evidence of efficacy and safety, and providing an adequate basis for labeling. we cannot guarantee that phase i, phase ii or phase iii testing will be completed successfully within any specified period of time, if at all. furthermore, we,
61
the institutional review board for a trial, or the fda may suspend clinical trials at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the subjects or patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk.
generally, the milestone events contained in our collaboration agreements coincide with the progression of our drugs from development, to regulatory approval and then to commercialization. the process of successfully discovering a new development candidate, having it approved and successfully commercialized is highly uncertain. as such, the milestone payments we may earn from our partners involve a significant degree of risk to achieve. therefore, as a drug candidate progresses through the stages of its life‐cycle, the value of the drug candidate generally increases.
research and development costs. our policy is to expense research and development costs as incurred. we often contract with clinical research organizations (cros) to facilitate, coordinate and perform agreed upon research and development of a new drug. to ensure that research and development costs are expensed as incurred, we record monthly accruals for clinical trials and preclinical testing costs based on the work performed under the contract.
these cro contracts typically call for the payment of fees for services at the initiation of the contract and/or upon the achievement of certain clinical trial milestones. in the event that we prepay cro fees, we record the prepayment as a prepaid asset and amortize the asset into research and development expense over the period of time the contracted research and development services are performed. most professional fees, including project and clinical management, data management, monitoring, and medical writing fees are incurred throughout the contract period. these professional fees are expensed based on their percentage of completion at a particular date. our cro contracts generally include pass through fees. pass through fees include, but are not limited to, regulatory expenses, investigator fees, travel costs, and other miscellaneous costs, including shipping and printing fees. we expense the costs of pass through fees under our cro contracts as they are incurred, based on the best information available to us at the time. the estimates of the pass through fees incurred are based on the amount of work completed for the clinical trial and are monitored through correspondence with the cros, internal reviews and a review of contractual terms. the factors utilized to derive the estimates include the number of patients enrolled, duration of the clinical trial, estimated patient attrition, screening rate and length of the dosing regimen. cro fees incurred to set up the clinical trial are expensed during the setup period.
under our clinical trial collaboration agreements, we may be reimbursed for certain development costs incurred. such costs are recorded as a reduction of research and development expense in the period in which the related expense is incurred.
stock compensation. share-based payment transactions with employees, which include stock options, restricted stock units (rsus) and performance shares (psus), are recognized as compensation expense over the requisite service period based on their estimated fair values as well as expected forfeiture rates.  the stock compensation process requires significant judgment and the use of estimates, particularly surrounding black-scholes assumptions such as stock price volatility over the option term and expected option lives, as well as expected forfeiture rates and the probability of psus vesting.  the fair value of stock options, which are subject to graded vesting, are recognized as compensation expense over the requisite service period using the accelerated attribution method.  the fair value of rsus that are subject to cliff vesting are recognized as compensation expense over the requisite service period using the straight-line attribution method, and the fair value of rsus that are subject to graded vesting are recognized as compensation expense over the requisite service period using the accelerated attribution method.  the fair value of psus are recognized as compensation expense beginning at the time in which the performance conditions are deemed probable of achievement, over the remaining requisite service period. we recorded $133.1 million, $96.2 million and $69.9 million of stock compensation expense for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
convertible debt accounting. we perform an assessment of all embedded features of a debt instrument to determine if (i) such features should be bifurcated and separately accounted for, and (ii) if bifurcation requirements are met, whether such features should be classified and accounted for as equity or liability instruments. if the embedded feature meets the requirements to be bifurcated and accounted for as a liability, the fair value of the embedded feature is measured initially, included as a liability on the consolidated balance sheets and re‐measured to fair value at each reporting period. any changes in fair value are recorded in the consolidated statement of operations. we monitor, on an ongoing basis, whether events or circumstances could give rise to a change in our classification of embedded features.
62
we determined the embedded conversion options in the 0.375% convertible senior notes due 2018 (the 2018 notes) and the 1.25% convertible senior notes due 2020 (the 2020 notes) are not required to be separately accounted for as derivatives. however, since the 2018 notes and the 2020 notes can be settled in cash or common shares, or a combination of cash and common shares at our option, we are required to separate the 2018 notes and 2020 notes into a liability and equity component. the carrying amount of the liability component is calculated by measuring the fair value of a similar liability that does not have an associated equity component. the carrying amount of the equity component representing the embedded conversion option is determined by deducting the fair value of the liability component from the initial proceeds. the excess of the principal amount of the liability component over its carrying amount is amortized to interest expense over the expected life of the 2018 notes and 2020 notes using the effective interest method. the equity component is not re‐measured as long as it continues to meet the conditions for equity classification for contracts in an entity's own equity.
the fair value of the liability component of the 2018 notes was estimated at $299.4 million at issuance. therefore, the difference between the $375.0 million face value of the 2018 notes at issuance and the $299.4 million estimated fair value of the liability component will be amortized to interest expense over the term of the 2018 notes through november 15, 2018 using the effective interest method.
the fair value of the liability component of the 2020 notes was estimated at $274.8 million at issuance. therefore, the difference between the $375.0 million face value of the 2020 notes at issuance and the $274.8 million estimated fair value of the liability component will be amortized to interest expense over the term of the 2020 notes through november 15, 2020 using the effective interest method.
the estimated fair value of the liability components at the date of issuance for the 2018 notes and 2020 notes were determined using valuation models and are complex and subject to judgment. significant assumptions within the valuation models included an implied credit spread, the expected volatility and dividend yield of our common stock and the risk-free interest rate for notes with a similar term.
prior to may 14, 2014, the 2018 notes and 2020 notes were not convertible except in connection with a make‐whole fundamental change, as defined in the respective indentures. beginning on, and including, may 15, 2014, the 2018 notes and 2020 notes are convertible prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding may 15, 2018, in the case of the 2018 notes, and may 15, 2020, in the case of the 2020 notes, only under the following circumstances: (i) during any calendar quarter commencing after the calendar quarter ending on march 31, 2014 (and only during such calendar quarter), if the last reported sale price of our common stock for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of 30 consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to 130% of the conversion price for the 2018 notes or 2020 notes, as applicable, on each applicable trading day; (ii) during the five business day period after any five consecutive trading day period (the measurement period) in which the trading price per $1,000 principal amount of 2018 notes or 2020 notes, as applicable, for each trading day of the measurement period was less than 98% of the product of the last reported sale price of our common stock and the conversion rate for the 2018 notes or 2020 notes, as applicable, on each such trading day; or (iii) upon the occurrence of specified corporate events. on or after may 15, 2018, in the case of the 2018 notes, and may 15, 2020, in the case of the 2020 notes, until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the relevant maturity date, the notes are convertible at any time, regardless of the foregoing circumstances. upon conversion we will pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of common stock, at our election.
upon an induced conversion, we allocate the fair value of the consideration transferred to the convertible debt holder to the liability component equal to the fair value of the liability immediately before extinguishment. the difference between the consideration allocated to the liability component and the net carrying amount of the liability component is recorded as expense related to senior note conversions.
on a quarterly basis, we perform an assessment in order to determine whether the 2018 notes or 2020 notes have become convertible at the option of the holder, based on meeting any of the conversion criteria described above. should either the 2018 notes or the 2020 notes become convertible, we then assess our intent and ability to settle the 2018 notes or the 2020 notes in cash, shares of common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of common stock, in order to determine the appropriate classification of the 2018 notes and the 2020 notes at the balance sheet date. on january 1,
63
2018, the 2018 notes and 2020 notes became convertible through at least march 31, 2018, based on meeting the conversion criteria related to the sale price of our common stock during the calendar quarter ended december 31, 2017 as described above. the 2018 notes will mature in november 2018, and accordingly, are classified in short term liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet at december 31, 2017.  the 2020 notes are reflected in long term liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet at december 31, 2017 as management's intent is to settle any conversions of the 2020 notes during this period in shares of our common stock.
income taxes. we account for income taxes using an asset and liability approach to financial accounting for income taxes. under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the financial statement carrying amounts and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for years in which the basis differences are expected to reverse. we periodically assess the likelihood of the realization of deferred tax assets, and reduce the carrying amount of these deferred tax assets to an amount that is considered more-likely-than-not to be realizable. our assessment considers recent cumulative earnings experience, projections of future taxable income (losses) and ongoing prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. when performing our assessment on projections of future taxable income (losses), we consider factors such as the likelihood of regulatory approval and commercial success of products currently under development, among other factors. significant judgment is required in making this assessment and, to the extent that a reversal of any portion of our valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets is deemed appropriate, a tax benefit will be recognized against our income tax provision in the period of such reversal.
we do not recognize a tax benefit for an uncertain tax position unless it is more-likely-than-not that the position will be sustained upon examination based on the technical merits of the position. the tax benefit that is recorded for these positions is measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement.  we adjust the level of the liability to reflect any subsequent changes in the relevant facts surrounding the uncertain positions.   any interest and penalties on uncertain tax positions are included within the tax provision.
on december 22, 2017, the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 was signed into law making significant changes to the internal revenue code. these changes include a federal corporate tax rate decrease from 35% to 21% for tax years beginning after december 31, 2017, the transition of u.s. international taxation from a worldwide tax system to a territorial system, and temporary full expensing of certain business assets. we have recognized in our financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2017 the provisional tax impacts related to the revaluation of deferred tax assets and liabilities as well as the temporary full-expensing of certain business assets.  the ultimate impact may differ from these provisional amounts, due to additional analysis, changes in interpretations and assumptions we have made, and additional regulatory guidance that may be issued. the accounting is expected to be complete when our 2017 u.s. corporate income tax return is filed in 2018.
business combinations. acquired businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires that assets acquired and liabilities assumed be recorded at fair value, with limited exceptions.  any excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill.  transaction costs are expensed as incurred.  the operating results of the acquired business are reflected in our consolidated financial statements after the date of acquisition. acquired in-process research and development ("ipr&d") is recognized at fair value and initially characterized as an indefinite-lived intangible asset, irrespective of whether the acquired ipr&d has an alternative future use.  when the related research and development is completed, the asset will be assigned a useful life and amortized.  acquired intellectual property rights are recognized at fair value and amortized over the estimated useful life.
the fair value of an ipr&d intangible asset acquired in the acquisition was determined using an income approach.  the assumptions used to estimate the cash flows of the ipr&d (which relates to the potential approval of iclusig as a second line treatment) included a probability of technical success ("pts") of 25%, discount rate of 16%, estimated gross margins of 98%, income tax rates ranging from 7.8% in periods in which we have established tax holidays to 13.8% thereafter, and operating expenses consisting of direct costs based on the anticipated level of revenues as well as probability-weighted milestone payments estimated for 2020 related to the clinical results and potential approval of iclusig in second line.
the fair value of licensed intellectual property rights acquired in the acquisition was determined using an income approach. the assumptions used to estimate the cash flows of the licensed intellectual property from the acquisition included a discount rate of 15%, estimated gross margins of 98%, income tax rates ranging from 7.8% in periods in which
64
we have established tax holidays to 13.8% thereafter, and operating expenses consisting of direct costs based on the anticipated level of revenues as well as the $7.0 million of research and development cost sharing payments we have agreed to fund in 2016 and 2017.
indefinite-lived intangible assets, including ipr&d, are tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances between annual tests indicate that the asset may be impaired.  impairment losses on indefinite-lived intangible assets are recognized based solely on a comparison of the fair value of the asset to its carrying value. due to the discontinuation of the optic-2l study, we considered our indefinite-lived ipr&d asset to be impaired and recorded $12.0 million of research and development expense on the consolidated statements of operations during the year ended december 31, 2017.
long-lived assets, including licensed intellectual property rights, with finite lives are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable.  if indicators of impairment are present, the asset is tested for recoverability by comparing the carrying value of the asset to the related estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be derived from the asset.  if the expected cash flows are less than the carrying value of the asset, then the asset is considered to be impaired and its carrying value is written down to fair value, based on the related estimated discounted future cash flows.
goodwill is calculated as the difference between the acquisition date fair value of the consideration transferred and the values assigned to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed.  goodwill is not amortized but is tested for impairment at least annually at the reporting unit level.  a reporting unit is the same as, or one level below, an operating segment. our operations are currently comprised of a single, entity-wide reporting unit.
acquisition-related contingent consideration.  acquisition-related contingent consideration, which consists of our future royalty and certain potential milestone obligations to ariad, was recorded on the acquisition date at the estimated fair value of the obligation, in accordance with the acquisition method of accounting.  the fair value measurement is based on significant inputs that are unobservable in the market and thus represents a level 3 measurement.
the fair value of the acquisition-related contingent consideration was determined using an income approach based on estimated iclusig revenues in our licensed territory for both the approved third line treatment, as well as the second line treatment that until the three months ended september 30, 2017 was under development. the pts of the second line indication was estimated at 25% based on the early stage of development and competitive market landscape, and the estimated future cash flows for the second line indication were probability weighted accordingly. the total projected cash flows of the third line and second line indications were estimated over 18 years, and discounted to present value using a discount rate of 10%. in addition, based on the believed limited effectiveness of iclusig beyond the existing oncology indications, the fact that no development is currently ongoing for any new oncology or any non-oncology indications, and the lack of intention by us and ariad to develop iclusig in additional oncology or non-oncology indications, the fair value of any cash flows for any new oncology or non-oncology was determined to be nil.
the fair value of the acquisition-related contingent consideration is remeasured each reporting period, with changes in fair value recorded in the consolidated statements of operations.  changes in the fair value of the acquisition-related contingent consideration can result from changes to one or multiple inputs including projected revenues, discount rates and the pts of the second line indication for iclusig, and a benefit of $24.0 million was recorded during the year ended december 31, 2017 related to the lack of expected future sales royalties payable due to the discontinued optic-2l clinical trial for the second line indication for iclusig.   these inputs are analyzed on a quarterly basis as changes to the inputs could have a material impact on the amount of acquisition-related contingent consideration recorded during the reporting period.
long term investments. our long term investments consist of investments in common stock of publicly held companies with whom we have entered into collaboration and license agreements. the investments in companies over which we have significant influence, but not controlling interest, are accounted for using the equity method (fair value option). the investments in companies over which we do not have significant influence are accounted for as available-for-sale securities.  we classify all of our investments in common stock of publicly held companies with whom we have entered into collaboration and license agreements as long term investments.
65
in circumstances where we have the ability to exercise significant influence over the operating and financial policies of a company in which we have an investment, the investment is accounted for either (i) under the equity method of accounting or (ii) at fair value by electing the fair value option under u.s. gaap.   in assessing whether we exercise significant influence, we consider the nature and magnitude of our investment, any voting and protective rights we hold, any participation in the governance of the other company, and other relevant factors such as the presence of a collaboration or other business relationship. under the equity method of accounting, we record within our results of operations our share of income or loss of the investee company.  under the fair value option, our investment is carried at fair value on our consolidated balance sheets as a long term investment and all changes in fair value are reported in our consolidated statements of operations as an unrealized gain (loss) on long term investments.
we perform an initial and ongoing evaluation of the entities with which we have variable interests, such as equity ownership, in order to identify entities (i) that do not have sufficient equity investment at risk to permit the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support or (ii) in which the equity investors lack an essential characteristic of a controlling financial interest as variable interest entities ("vie" or "vies"). if an entity is identified as a vie, we perform an assessment to determine whether we have both (i) the power to direct activities that most significantly impact the vie's economic performance and (ii) have the obligation to absorb losses from or the right to receive benefits of the vie that could potentially be significant to the vie. if both of these criteria are satisfied, we are identified as the primary beneficiary of the vie.  as of december 31, 2017, there were no entities in which we held a variable interest which we determined to be vies.
results of operations years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016
we recorded a net loss for the year ended december 31, 2017 of $313.1 million and net income for the year ended december 31, 2016 of $104.2 million. on a per share basis, basic and diluted net loss was $1.53 for the year ended december 31, 2017.  on a per share basis, basic net income was $0.55 and diluted net income was $0.54 for the year ended december 31, 2016. revenues for the year ended, december 31,
2017                           2016
(in millions)
jakafi revenues, net                     $1,133.4              $852.8
iclusig revenues, net                        66.9                29.6
total product revenues, net              $1,200.3              $882.4
product royalty revenues                    160.8               110.7
milestone and contract revenues             175.0               112.5
other revenues                                0.1                 0.1
total revenues                           $1,536.2            $1,105.7
our product revenues, net for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, were $1.2 billion and $882.4 million, respectively. the increase in jakafi product revenues was comprised of a volume increase of $204.6 million and a price increase of $76.0 million. iclusig product revenues commenced in june 2016 following the acquisition. product revenues are recorded net of estimated product returns, pricing discounts including rebates offered pursuant to mandatory federal and state government programs and chargebacks, prompt pay discounts and distribution fees and co-pay assistance. our revenue recognition policies require estimates of the aforementioned sales allowances each period.
66
the following table provides a summary of activity with respect to our sales allowances and accruals for the year ended december 31, 2017:
co-pay discounts and       government          assistance distribution        rebates and         and other         product year ended december 31, 2017                fees                chargebacks         discounts         returns                 total balance at january 1, 2017                  $2,818              $22,412             $199              $1,211                $26,640
allowances for current period sales                    32,822             141,884             4,051         1,861           180,618
allowances for prior period sales                        (59)             (1,883)              (10)         (353)           (2,305)
credits/payments for current period sales            (30,701)           (114,312)           (3,885)          (91)         (148,989)
credits/payments for prior period sales                 (800)            (17,163)              (17)         (936)          (18,916)
balance at december 31, 2017                $4,080              $30,938             $338              $1,692                $37,048
government rebates and chargebacks are the most significant component of our sales allowances. increases in certain government reimbursement rates are limited to a measure of inflation, and when the price of a drug increases faster than this measure of inflation it will result in a penalty adjustment factor that causes a larger sales allowance to those government related entities. we expect government rebates and chargebacks as a percentage of our gross product sales will continue to increase in connection with any future jakafi price increases greater than the rate of inflation, and any such increase in these government rebates and chargebacks will have a negative impact on our reported product revenues, net. we adjust our estimates for government rebates and chargebacks based on new information regarding actual rebates as it becomes available.  claims by third-party payors for rebates and chargebacks are frequently submitted after the period in which the related sales occurred, which may result in adjustments to prior period accrual balances in the period in which the new information becomes available.  we also adjust our allowance for product returns based on new information regarding actual returns as it becomes available.
we expect our sales allowances to fluctuate from quarter to quarter as a result of the medicare part d coverage gap, the volume of purchases eligible for government mandated discounts and rebates as well as changes in discount percentages which are impacted by potential future price increases, rate of inflation, and other factors.
product royalty revenues on commercial sales of jakavi by novartis are based on net sales of licensed products in licensed territories as provided by novartis. our jakavi product royalty revenues for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, were $151.7 million and $110.7 million, respectively. product royalty revenues on commercial sales of olumiant by lilly are based on net sales of licensed products in licensed territories as provided by lilly. our olumiant product royalty revenues for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, were $9.1 million and $0.0 million, respectively.
our milestone and contract revenues were $175.0 million and $112.5 million for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. for the year ended december 31, 2017, milestone and contract revenues were derived from milestone payments from lilly and novartis earned during the period. for the year ended december 31, 2016, milestone and contract revenues were derived from the straight-line recognition of revenue associated with the lilly upfront fees over the estimated performance period as well as milestone payments from lilly and novartis earned during the period. the upfront fees related to the lilly agreement consisted of a $90.0 million upfront payment received in 2010. the increase in milestone and contract revenues from 2016 to 2017 primarily relates to the recognition of $45.0 million in milestone payments from novartis, $55.0 million in milestone payments from lilly and $12.5 million in revenue from the lilly upfront fees in 2016 compared to the recognition of $65.0 million in milestone payments from novartis and $110.0 million in milestone payments from lilly in 2017.
67
cost of product revenues for the year ended, december 31,
2017                       2016
(in millions)
product costs                                               $7.5              $8.8
royalty expense                                             50.5              36.8
amortization of definite-lived intangible assets            21.5              12.6
total cost of product revenues                             $79.5             $58.2
cost of product revenues includes all jakafi related product costs, all iclusig related product costs and low single-digit royalties to novartis on all sales of jakafi in the united states. the iclusig inventories were recorded at fair value less costs to sell in connection with the acquisition, which resulted in a higher cost of iclusig product revenues over a one year period from the acquisition date.  subsequent to the acquisition on june 1, 2016, cost of product revenues also includes the amortization of our licensed intellectual property for iclusig using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of 12.5 years.
cost of product revenues was $79.5 million and $58.2 million for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. cost of product revenues increased from 2016 to 2017 due primarily to an increase of $13.7 million in royalties to novartis on all jakafi sales in the united states and amortization of $8.9 million of our licensed intellectual property acquired on june 1, 2016.
operating expenses research and development expenses for the years ended, december 31,
2017                            2016
(in millions)
salary and benefits related                        $198.4               $138.1
stock compensation                                   90.4                 59.6
clinical research and outside services              956.8                328.0
occupancy and all other costs                        80.8                 56.2
total research and development expenses          $1,326.4               $581.9
we currently account for research and development costs by natural expense line and not costs by project. salary and benefits related expense increased from 2016 to 2017 due primarily to increased development headcount to sustain our development pipeline. stock compensation expense may fluctuate from period to period based on the number of awards granted, stock price volatility and expected award lives, as well as expected award forfeiture rates which are used to value equity‐based compensation.
the increase in clinical research and outside services expense from 2016 to 2017 was primarily due to upfront and milestone expenses related to our collaborative agreements, as well as an overall increase in development costs to advance our clinical pipeline.  specifically, we recorded $359.1 million in charges for the new calithera, macrogenics and merus agreements, and the amended agenus agreement, during the year ended december 31, 2017.  research and development expenses for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016 were net of $18.6 million and $13.4 million, respectively, of costs reimbursed by our collaborative partners. in addition to one-time expenses resulting from upfront fees in connection with the entry into any new or amended collaboration agreements, research and development expenses may fluctuate from period to period depending upon the stage of certain projects, the level of pre‐clinical and clinical trial related activities, and results of clinical trials. many factors can affect the cost and timing of our clinical trials, including requests by regulatory agencies for more information, inconclusive results requiring additional clinical trials, slow patient enrollment, adverse side effects among patients, insufficient supplies for our clinical trials and real or perceived lack of effectiveness or safety of our investigational drugs in our clinical trials. in addition, the development of all of our products
68
will be subject to extensive governmental regulation. these factors make it difficult for us to predict the timing and costs of the further development and approval of our products.
in july 2010, we elected to co‐develop baricitinib with lilly in rheumatoid arthritis and we are responsible for funding 30% of the associated future global development costs for this indication from the initiation of the phase iib trial through regulatory approval. in january 2017, we exercised our co-development options in psoriatic arthritis and atopic dermatitis to fund 30% of future global development costs through regulatory approval, including post-launch studies required by a regulatory authority. we have also exercised our co-development options in systemic lupus erythematosus and axial spondyloarthritis, should lilly decide to progress into a pivotal program in these indications. research and development expenses recorded under the lilly agreement representing 30% of the global development costs for baricitinib for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis were $40.8 million and $27.3 million for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. we have retained certain mechanisms to give us cost protection as baricitinib advances in clinical development. we can defer our portion of co-development study costs by indication if they exceed a predetermined level. this deferment would be credited against future milestones or royalties and we would still be eligible for the full incremental royalties related to the co-development option. in addition, even if we have started co-development funding for any indication, we can at any time opt out, which will stop future co-development cost sharing. if we elect to do this we would still be eligible for our base royalties plus an incremental pro-rated royalty commensurate with our contribution to the total co-development cost for those indications for which we contributed funding.
during the year ended december 31, 2017, we wrote-off the acquired ipr&d asset of $12.0 million due to the discontinuation of the optic-2l study, which was recorded in research and development expense on the consolidated statements of operations.
selling, general and administrative expenses for the years ended, december 31,
2017                            2016
(in millions)
salary and benefits related                                   $105.7                $80.8
stock compensation                                              42.7                 36.6
other contract services and outside costs                      218.0                185.9
total selling, general and administrative expenses            $366.4               $303.3
salary and benefits related expense increased from 2016 to 2017 due to increased headcount. this increased headcount was due primarily to the ongoing commercialization efforts related to jakafi for intermediate or high‐risk myelofibrosis and uncontrolled polycythemia vera, as well as increased headcount related to the acquisition on june 1, 2016 and subsequent expansion of our european commercial and development operations. stock compensation expense may fluctuate from period to period based on the number of awards granted, stock price volatility and expected award lives, as well as expected award forfeiture rates which are used to value equity‐based compensation. the increase in other contract services and outside costs was primarily the result of marketing activities for jakafi for intermediate or high‐risk myelofibrosis and uncontrolled polycythemia vera in addition to an increase in donations to independent non-profit patient assistance organizations in the united states. as our drug candidates progress closer to marketing approvals, we expect to incur increased selling, general and administrative expenses associated with the preparation for and launch of commercialization efforts. selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended december 31, 2016 includes expenses related to the acquisition on june 1, 2016.
change in fair value of acquisition-related contingent consideration acquisition-related contingent consideration, which consists of our future royalty and certain potential milestone obligations to ariad, was recorded on the acquisition date, june 1, 2016, at the estimated fair value of the obligation, in accordance with the acquisition method of accounting. the fair value of the acquisition-related contingent consideration was remeasured as of december 31, 2017, resulting in expense of $7.7 million which is recorded in change in fair value of acquisition-related contingent consideration on the consolidated statements of operations.  the change in fair value of the contingent consideration for the year ended december 31, 2017 is due to the passage of time and a benefit of $24.0 million recorded during the third quarter of 2017 related to the lack of expected future sales royalties payable due to the
69
discontinued optic-2l clinical trial. the change in fair value of the acquisition-related contingent consideration for the year ended december 31, 2016 was $17.4 million. the change in fair value of the contingent consideration as of december 31, 2016 is primarily due to the time value of money as there were no other significant changes in the key assumptions used in the fair value calculation at the date of acquisition, including the discount rate utilized and the estimated future projections of iclusig revenues.
other income (expense)
interest and other income, net. interest and other income, net, for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016 was $17.5 million and $4.4 million, respectively. the increase in interest and other income, net primarily relates to refundable research and development credits from the state of delaware.
interest expense. interest expense for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, was $6.9 million and $38.7 million, respectively. included in interest expense for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016 was $6.1 million and $31.6 million, respectively, of non‐cash charges to amortize the discounts on the 2018 notes and the 2020 notes.
unrealized loss on long term investments. unrealized gains and losses on long term investments will fluctuate from period to period, based on the change in fair value of the securities we hold in our publicly held collaboration partners. with respect to our long term investment in agenus, the unrealized loss on investment for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, was $13.6 million and $3.3 million, respectively. the unrealized loss on our long term investment in merus for the year ended december 31, 2017 was $10.7 million.
expense related to senior note conversions. expense related to senior note conversions for the year ended december 31, 2017 was $54.9 million on the conversions of our 2018 notes and 2020 notes.
provision for income taxes. the provision for income taxes for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, was $0.9 million and $3.2 million, respectively. the decrease in provision for income taxes primarily relates to a decrease in state taxes due to lower taxable income in 2017 sourced to certain states partially offset by increased foreign tax expense on our first full year of iclusig product revenues.
years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015
we recorded net income for the year ended december 31, 2016 of $104.2 million and net income for the year ended december 31, 2015 of $6.5 million. on a per share basis, basic net income was $0.55 and diluted net income was $0.54 for the year ended december 31, 2016.  on a per share basis, basic net income was $0.04 and diluted net income was $0.03 for the year ended december 31, 2015. revenues for the year ended, december 31,
2016                         2015
(in millions)
jakafi revenues, net                       $852.8            $601.0
iclusig revenues, net                        29.6                 -
total product revenues, net                $882.4            $601.0
product royalty revenues                    110.7              74.8
milestone and contract revenues             112.5              77.9
other revenues                                0.1               0.1
total revenues                           $1,105.7            $753.8
our product revenues, net for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, were $882.4 million and $601.0 million, respectively. the increase in jakafi product revenues was comprised of a volume increase of $195.5 million and a price increase of $56.3 million. iclusig product revenues commenced in june 2016 following the acquisition.
70
the following table provides a summary of activity with respect to our sales allowances and accruals for the year ended december 31, 2016:
co-pay discounts and       government         assistance distribution        rebates and        and other             product year ended december 31, 2016                fees                chargebacks        discounts             returns             total balance at january 1, 2016                  $2,818              $22,412            $199                   $1,211           $26,640
allowances for current period sales                    23,936            106,331             3,401           668           134,336
allowances for prior period sales                        (59)              (971)              (10)         (353)           (1,393)
credits/payments for current period sales            (21,759)           (82,363)           (3,225)          (34)         (107,381)
credits/payments for prior period sales                 (800)           (16,964)              (17)         (404)          (18,185)
balance at december 31, 2016                $4,136              $28,445            $348                   $1,088           $34,017
government rebates and chargebacks are the most significant component of our sales allowances. increases in certain government reimbursement rates are limited to a measure of inflation, and when the price of a drug increases faster than this measure of inflation it will result in a penalty adjustment factor that causes a larger sales allowance to those government related entities.
product royalty revenues on commercial sales of jakavi by novartis are based on net sales of licensed products in licensed territories as provided by novartis. our net product royalty revenues for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, were $110.7 million and $74.8 million, respectively.
our milestone and contract revenues were $112.5 million and $77.9 million for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, milestone and contract revenues were derived from the straight-line recognition of revenue associated with the lilly upfront fees over the estimated performance period as well as milestone payments from lilly and novartis earned during the periods. the upfront fees related to the lilly agreement consisted of a $90.0 million upfront payment received in 2010. the increase in milestone and contract revenues from 2015 to 2016 primarily relates to the recognition of $65.0 million in milestone payments from novartis in 2015 compared to the recognition of $45.0 million in milestone payments from novartis and $55.0 million in milestone payments from lilly in 2016.
cost of product revenues for the year ended, december 31,
2016                       2015
(in millions)
product costs                                               $8.8              $2.6
royalty expense                                             36.8              24.4
amortization of definite-lived intangible assets            12.6                 -
total cost of product revenues                             $58.2             $27.0
we began capitalizing inventory in mid‐november 2011 once the fda approved jakafi as the related costs were expected to be recoverable through the commercialization of the product. costs incurred prior to fda approval of $9.6 million were recorded as research and development expenses in our statements of operations prior to commercialization of jakafi. at december 31, 2016, inventory with $0.8 million of product costs incurred prior to fda approval had not yet been sold.  in addition, cost of product revenues included low single-digit royalties to novartis on all sales of jakafi in the united states.  subsequent to the acquisition on june 1, 2016, cost of product revenues also included the amortization of our licensed intellectual property for iclusig using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of 12.5 years.
cost of product revenues was $58.2 million and $27.0 million for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. cost of product revenues increased from 2015 to 2016 due primarily to an increase of $12.4 million in royalties to novartis on all jakafi sales in the united states and amortization of $12.6 million of our licensed intellectual property acquired on june 1, 2016.
71
operating expenses research and development expenses for the years ended, december 31,
2016                            2015
(in millions)
salary and benefits related                        $138.1               $109.2
stock compensation                                   59.6                 39.9
clinical research and outside services              328.0                287.0
occupancy and all other costs                        56.2                 43.4
total research and development expenses            $581.9               $479.5
salary and benefits related expense increased from 2015 to 2016 due primarily to increased development headcount to sustain our development pipeline. stock compensation expense may fluctuate from period to period based on the number of awards granted, stock price volatility and expected award lives, as well as expected award forfeiture rates which are used to value equity‐based compensation. the increase in clinical research and outside services expense from 2015 to 2016 was primarily the result of increased development costs to advance our clinical pipeline and the $35.0 million payment to acquire the rights from lilly to develop ruxolitinib for the treatment of patients with graft-versus-host-disease, as well as an additional $27.3 million of research and development costs incurred under the agenus and hengrui arrangements through december 31, 2016.  research and development expenses for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015 were net of $13.4 million and $6.8 million, respectively, of costs reimbursed by our collaborative partners.
research and development expenses recorded under the lilly agreement representing 30% of the global development costs for baricitinib for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis were $27.3 million and $36.0 million for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
selling, general and administrative expenses for the years ended, december 31,
2016                            2015
(in millions)
salary and benefits related                                    $80.8                $60.1
stock compensation                                              36.6                 29.9
other contract services and outside costs                      185.9                106.6
total selling, general and administrative expenses            $303.3               $196.6
salary and benefits related expense increased from 2015 to 2016 due to increased headcount. this increased headcount was due primarily to the ongoing commercialization efforts related to jakafi for intermediate or high‐risk myelofibrosis and uncontrolled polycythemia vera, as well as increased headcount related to the acquisition on june 1, 2016. stock compensation expense may fluctuate from period to period based on the number of awards granted, stock price volatility and expected award lives, as well as expected award forfeiture rates which are used to value equity‐based compensation. the increase in other contract services and outside costs was primarily the result of marketing activities for jakafi for intermediate or high‐risk myelofibrosis and uncontrolled polycythemia vera in addition to an increase in donations to independent non-profit patient assistance organizations in the united states.  selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended december 31, 2016 includes expenses related to the acquisition on june 1, 2016.
72
change in fair value of acquisition-related contingent consideration acquisition-related contingent consideration, which consists of our future royalty and certain potential milestone obligations to ariad, was recorded on the acquisition date, june 1, 2016, at the estimated fair value of the obligation, in accordance with the acquisition method of accounting. the fair value of the acquisition-related contingent consideration was remeasured as of december 31, 2016, resulting in a change in fair value of $17.4 million which is recorded in change in fair value of acquisition-related contingent consideration on the consolidated statements of operations.  the change in fair value of the contingent consideration as of december 31, 2016 was primarily due to the time value of money as there were no other significant changes in the key assumptions used in the fair value calculation at the date of acquisition, including the discount rate utilized and the estimated future projections of iclusig revenues.
other income (expense)
interest and other income, net. interest and other income, net, for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015 was $4.4 million and $7.1 million, respectively.
interest expense. interest expense for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, was $38.7 million and $45.6 million, respectively. included in interest expense for the year ended december 31, 2016 was $31.6 million of non‐cash charges to amortize the discounts on the 2018 notes and the 2020 notes. included in interest expense for the year ended december 31, 2015 was $33.8 million of non‐cash charges to amortize the discounts on our 4.75% convertible senior notes due 2015 (the 2015 notes), the 2018 notes and the 2020 notes.
unrealized loss on long term investment. the unrealized loss on our long term investment in agenus for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, was $3.3 million and $4.6 million, respectively. the unrealized loss on long term investment was based on the change in fair value of agenus' common stock during the period.
provision for income taxes. the provision for income taxes for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, was $3.2 million and $1.0 million, respectively. the increase in provision for income taxes primarily related to an increase in state taxes due to higher income in 2016 sourced to certain states and foreign tax expense on iclusig product revenues.
liquidity and capital resources
2017              2016                         2015
(in millions)
december 31:
cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities                   $1,169.6               $808.5            $707.8
working capital                                                     $1,129.5               $720.7            $674.4
year ended december 31:
cash provided by (used in):
operating activities                                                $(93.0)                $304.8             $89.4
investing activities                                                $(350.0)             $(232.5)          $(105.0)
financing activities                                                $690.2                  $58.6             $84.7
capital expenditures (included in investing activities above)       $(111.0)             $(120.3)           $(26.0)
sources and uses of cash.
due to historical net losses, we had an accumulated deficit of $2.0 billion as of december 31, 2017. we have funded our research and development operations through sales of equity securities, the issuance of convertible notes, cash received from customers, and collaborative arrangements. at december 31, 2017, we had available cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of $1.2 billion. our cash and marketable securities balances are held in a variety of interest‐bearing instruments, including money market accounts, corporate debt securities and u.s. government securities. available cash is invested in accordance with our investment policy's primary objectives of liquidity, safety of principal and diversity of investments.
73
cash provided by (used in) operating activities. the $397.8 million decrease in cash provided by operating activities from 2016 to 2017 was due primarily to the payments made to our collaborative partners for new or amended arrangements and changes in working capital during the 2017 period. the $215.4 million increase in cash provided by operating activities from 2015 to 2016 was due primarily to net income in 2016, which was driven in part by the recognition of milestones from novartis of $45.0 million and eli lilly of $55.0 million, increased non-cash depreciation and amortization, and changes in working capital.
cash used in investing activities. our investing activities, other than purchases, sales and maturities of marketable securities, have consisted predominantly of capital expenditures and purchases of long term investments. during 2017, net cash used in investing activities was $350.0 million, which represents purchases of marketable securities of $260.8 million, capital expenditures of $111.0 million, and purchases of long term investments of $123.9 million, offset in part by the sale and maturity of marketable securities of $145.7 million.  during 2016, net cash used in investing activities was $232.5 million, which represents purchases of marketable securities of $57.4 million, capital expenditures of $120.3 million, and acquisition of ariad pharmaceuticals (luxembourg) s.à.r.l. for net cash of $142.9 million, offset in part by the sale and maturity of marketable securities of $88.0 million.  during 2015, net cash used in investing activities was $105.0 million, which represents purchases of marketable securities of $108.2 million, capital expenditures of $26.0 million, and our long term investment in agenus of $39.8 million, offset in part by the sale and maturity of marketable securities of $69.0 million.   in the future, net cash used by investing activities may fluctuate significantly from period to period due to the timing of strategic equity investments, acquisitions, capital expenditures and maturities/sales and purchases of marketable securities.
cash provided by financing activities. during 2017, net cash provided by financing activities was $690.2 million, consisting primarily of proceeds from issuance of common stock in our september 2017 public offering and, to a lesser extent, proceeds from the issuance of common stock under our stock plans and employee stock purchase plan, offset in part by cash paid to ariad for contingent consideration and cash paid in connection with senior note conversions. during 2016, net cash provided by financing activities was $58.6 million, consisting primarily of proceeds from issuance of common stock under our stock plans and employee stock purchase plan. during 2015, net cash provided by financing activities was $84.7 million, consisting primarily of proceeds from issuance of common stock under our stock plans and employee stock purchase plan.
the following summarizes our significant contractual obligations as of december 31, 2017 and the effect those obligations are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flow in future periods (in millions):
less than     years     years        over total        1 year     2 - 3     4 - 5     5 years contractual obligations:
principal on convertible senior debt     $26.8          $7.7     $19.1        $-          $-
interest on convertible senior debt        0.8           0.3       0.5         -           -
non-cancelable lease obligations          21.7          12.0       8.6       1.0         0.1
total contractual obligations            $49.3         $20.0     $28.2      $1.0        $0.1
we have entered into and may in the future seek to license additional rights relating to technologies or drug development candidates in connection with our drug discovery and development programs. under these licenses, we may be required to pay upfront fees, milestone payments, and royalties on sales of future products, which are not reflected in the table above.
we believe that our cash flow from operations, together with our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, will be adequate to satisfy our capital needs for at least the next twelve months. our cash requirements depend on numerous factors, including our expenditures in connection with our drug discovery and development programs and commercialization operations; expenditures in connection with litigation or other legal proceedings; competing technological and market developments; the cost of filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing patent claims and other intellectual property rights; costs for future facility requirements; our receipt of any milestone or other payments under any collaborative agreements we may enter into, including the agreements with novartis and lilly; expenditures in connection with potential exchanges of our outstanding convertible senior notes; and expenditures in connection with strategic relationships and license agreements, including our agreements with agenus, ariad, calithera, lilly, macrogenics, merus and syros, strategic equity investments or potential acquisitions. changes in our research and development or
74
commercialization plans or other changes affecting our operating expenses may result in changes in the timing and amount of expenditures of our capital resources.  to the extent we seek to augment our existing cash resources and cash flow from operations to satisfy our cash requirements, we expect that additional funding can be obtained primarily through public or private equity offerings, debt financings, borrowings or strategic collaborations. the sale of equity or additional convertible debt securities in the future may be dilutive to our stockholders, and may provide for rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of our holders of common stock. debt financing arrangements may require us to pledge certain assets or enter into covenants that could restrict our operations or our ability to incur further indebtedness.
off-balance sheet arrangements we have no off‐balance sheet arrangements other than those that are discussed above.
